when someone does n't know simple things , like that " women " is plural , i assume english is n't their first language , or it 's a mental handicap .
it 's fine , i 'm damn near mentally handicapped when it comes to math .
it 's just that people with terrible grammar always tend to be the ones saying terrible or rude things .
his father was a con man and a thief not a mass murderer .
what are your salaries please ?
i have never liked this man more .
it 's about time someone called it like it is with trump - he 's a disgusting cretin .
transgender are all idiots who are sick in the head
" making americans ugly again "
guys , he is an australian imam and really is smart and speak sense .
i 've been interested in him after his interview with tarik fateh .
read about him ... he 's a rare one and more like him are needed .
so are you still bi ?
what does evan think ?
you 'd better not put that on your facebook profile , ok ?
and do n't say anything to your dad .
one of the astro chads got a truck 
 wtf is this shit , did i just witness that for reals ?
how do you figure ?
even harper wanted to do this - the idea is not new and actually predates the whole climate change thing .
aga khan is supposed to be a muslim spiritual leader however muslims in the quran want to kill homosexuals and two married males were in justin 's family vacation ?
junior has claimed he and his dad read the bible so what is it that justin believes in or is it   just free glamorous vacations ?
@kaitmarieox bitch shit the fuck up .
this was yet another angry white boy , who felt the need to take 20 + innocent humans off this earth .
you sick fuck .
< user > bub happily crawls into her arms hugging into her neck with a coo
hahahaha @mr9iceguy : a woman should not be proposing to a man under no circumstances b .. u ca nt tell me nothing .
call me sexist idccccc
do you think we should bring back segregation but for incels and non - incels ?
my dad says : if i wanna be cool , i got ta use drugs .
he 's a coroner , fwiw .
you drive in the bush with your car and 
 when it 's hung up on a ridge , we 'll push it 
 to the side and maybe , i mean maybe it 'll 
 be around come spring thaw .
haw , haw , it 'll 
 be in pieces and you 'll be just bones .
< user > < user > < user > my tweet is under a thread talking about white privilege what else would i be talking about
it 's a silly reply but it 's used a lot .
we need to come down on the government hard if they ever abuse personal data .
but to disallow them from using it for valid purposes is crazy ( especially when they often have the info already ) .
people get all hot and bothered about having to give their ssn too , but the irs already has that info for every one of us .
and our dl # , and address , and height / weight / eye color , etc .
the " it gets better " campaign assures us that as time goes on issues regarding lgbt < allcaps > youth become less severe .
it 's true , by the end of highschool alot of those annoying queers had killed themselves .
regarding clocker 's statement that only a small percentage of the populace supports gardner 's agenda , teef56 asked , " small percentage ?
pay attention to the last election much ? "
question : what election ?
we 've never had an " agenda " election .
agendas are not measured by elections .
they 're measured by polls , and the polls clearly support clocker 's statement .
best , 

 rtd
mcconnell , ryan , and old guard think if they give trump the election he will behave and take knee jerk commands from them !
he will crush them under his heel .
then bankrupt every working stiff in the country to promote his ego .
perfect example of the description of a ignorant buffoon with too much money and power .
he intends to be king !
his ego demands his rights over anyone elses .
yet evangelicals are panting to kiss his feet , cause he lies better than them !
a man who scoffs at religion , laws , morals and ethics is picked to lead a nation supposedly founded under god .
the god of israel !
yet kicks him out and replaced him with the trump / hillary mentality of politics !
how twisted can you get ?
high fees are definitely still a problem , but it 's not true to say that the legal profession has done nothing about it .
strides have been taken to allow trained paralegals to practice in areas where a broader range of knowledge is not required .
many companies operate with non - lawyer in - house employees for various kinds of litigation .
now , now , settle down folks , lets not argue about whose oil tankers are or are not killing whales .
let us at least agree that , in the end , it is alberta 's and the alberta oil industry 's fault .
and by the way , is n't it just like those evil oilbertans to disguise their oil tankers as fishing vessels .
uh , no .
not so much .
.
we do n't build on flood plains .
that was the lesson of hurricane hazel .
@wvjoe911 if your god supports or encourages homophobia , racism or ethnic cleansing it does not mean such actions are moral and justified .
what it does mean is that your god is a cunt .
just wondering are we allowed to slag # barkley off today cos he 's been fucking atrocious as has the 70 million pound man & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; behave ! !
damn , that lefty city must stink .
sweaty feminists wiping under their pendulous breasts with old ariana grande t - shirts .
obama 's favorites drenched in every alley , offering sweet release to democrat politicians .
michael obamas skipping through the hallways , their make - up running , their flapping naughties dripping onto the carpet .
robert de niro shadow - boxing in a phone booth .
the cuomos eating raw hot dogs in their tighty whiteys .
aoc cooking .
@engineervlsi @harveyjkaye right after they ate natives and before the slave rebellions .
that small window .
when anyone is ready we are now taking reservations on lots as we speak first come first served contact me for more info .
honored to have the opportunity to share my experience in # immigration today & provide input to @betoorourke on his immigration plan .
working together is how we can develop the best solution that gives everyone the opportunity to live their best life & contribute to our country url
when they get rid of the last of the republicans they can simply rename the democratic party of hawaii to just “ the party , ” like the old soviet union .
you will either be a party member or not … we all know how well that worked out .
guess you got ta be a bum bitch to get shit from niggas now a days
one of the astro chads got a truck 
 wtf is this shit , did i just witness that for reals ?
those loser infant virgins
@hookzilla these niggas love their white women bro ca n't even be mad he put his heart into it 😂
genders are like the twin towers at first there were two of them , but now it 's a sensitive subject
what do you call a white man marrying the woman of his dreams incest
if a package of circus peanuts was a white girl
it 's unacceptable that lgbtq americans still face discrimination in employment , housing , and education in parts of the u.s. today , i was proud to vote to pass the # equalityact to ensure that our lgbtq brothers and sisters receive full civil rights protections .
i 'd still take   trump - trudope lied   to us and is going to put this country into horrific debt that will take generations to clean up ! ! ! ! !
an inability to pivot to global change ,   punitive   energy cost , untold debt and zero gdp growth will kill juniors administration .
fuck no jews never work for anybody they consider blacks to be the lowest form of human but you are and have always been the perfect ignorant pawn in their game blacks already hit their ath of qol only down hill from here good luck
roy moore : " trannies are an abomination , repeal gay marriage , put god back into the government " 

 populist working - class voter : " okay , whatever nigga i just want a job "
better social experiment shove a kike in an oven see if he cries out in pain as he strikes you
a muslim in sweden asked for isis donations for < number > years on facebook and his account was not deleted
< user > in < number > < percent > of interracial violent crime between whites and blacks was black on white you will not cover that but you will reach < number > years ago and pull out this < number > single white on black crime to lie by omission
< user > lmao bitch retarded tryna call us broke bitch you got finessed 😭 😭 😭
bernie stands up for all minorities .
these are clearly setbacks but to be honest these issues are n't really something that will fundamentally affect the country economically or in terms of other large issues .
the kadr case will fade and the commission needs someone to step up and start doing some hard work .
ai n't it funny how black women never make captions like this towards black men but you ashy niggas love tweeting this from your momma 's couch ?
url
yes you may suck my cock with your beautiful little cunt , on the condition you ride me like a hungry whore
your blanket " guilty " accusation of " californians " shows knowledge of one aspect of the immigration , and total ignorance of the other aspects ... such as the people coming here from ca without a lot of assets , because they could n't afford any housing ... purchase or rental ... in ca , and move here in hopes of finding more reasonable costs of living .
it 's getting more and more difficult .
what 's the difference between bruce jenner and bruce banner .
one bruce transforms into a terrifying monster , and the other is the hulk .
no pussy no opinion kill all men fuck the patriarchy allahu akbar
so larry , if a person has a full beard do they automatically have a penis ?
if a person has short hair and somewhat masculine facial features must they automatically have to use the men 's bathroom ?
do you check what everybody in the restroom you are using has between their legs ?
if you do you are actually violating public nuisance laws that have been around a lot longer than ao-96 .
we need protection from you ! ! !
get raped by a thousand niggers cunt you are not even wanted trash bitch
the chad all incels fear .
< user > it did not work with the leftists this year now did it people do not respond well to name calling not being retarded or anything but this exactly why leftists lost this year and we do not want to be them in the next time
why are all of you still dying of bombings ?
just use blast protection iv
but i guess you 're not really sure how to react when a woman has resources to help others fight back .
such a quandary .
so perplexing . : \
international day against homophobia , transphobia and biphobia is an opportunity to celebrate the progress made in promoting lgbtq rights .
but we must also reflect that there is much more to do so that discrimination is consigned to history . #
idahobit url
yta , you 're a faggot and a disappointment to your ancestors and should not encourage such behaviour in other people
going to start exercising my constitutional right call people dumb faggots in public
be honest that move down to < number > 8 k with bitmex going down was ghetto af
here is morneau - shepell 's special communique when the harper government introduced their bill :    
 http://www.morneaushepell.com/ca-en/insights/government-canada-proposes-target-benefit-pension-plans
oh i 'll destroy you alright you worthless piece of fuck meat i 'd keep you locked up till i need to dump my cum into you and i 'd call you a stupid whore every time you swallowed my load
you get a gold extra special stupid star , angry man .
rotflmao do n't you fags know men dot want your butch @sses even if you change into a bch , i would of disowned that nasty thing @ss to , i would not even tell anyone about it , it got what it deserved lol and this guy is going to get plenty of sausage ware he going , their both going to hell its already in hell , none of these its go to heaven .
i fucking hate you but i love you
< user > ahurt tge frick up little gril you and ur kpoop so gay 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 😡 guacamole andgerr 😡 😡 😡 👊 😡 angr whip 🖐 😡 🖐 😡 angrrnae nae
because this is a free speech platform and what i have posted to gab would not be considered doxing even by twitter standards if you guys can not take the heat then get out of the fucking kitchen your bitch ass friend wanted war and he got it get ready to lose faggot
cutest thing in the world when ah women don ’ t no math don ’ t no why fav if you to
i wish i had a 9 - 5 !
i 'm 7am-10 soooo how i deal with my commuting and work schedule : prepare all meals on sundays so i 'm not eating crap through the week . [ ... ] !
also men have disgusting fucking feet bottoms saying ggggg
so , now girls actually avoid me .... 
 haha , and people say i should be confident , god , i wish i was never fucking born .
little doubting thomas are you ?
these niggas ruined the < number > toyota supra image super bowl
d8c3rs3wwaaobti[1].jpg   @franklin_graham this is the kind of church god wants ... not your church full of hatred , greed and support for a despotic ruler .
url
the work area under the bridge is on the s sidewalk & amp ; must be accessed from above .
workers will keep space for bikes / peds to get by . (
2/2 )
it supposed to attract female fans they already have a lock on men so they do not need outreach but yeah it gay and retarded
trump responds to pelosi : ' make america white again ' is a ' very racist statement ' url
i did mean ' conception ' .
when i use my iphone , it often has its own mind and types what it thinks ... i should edit my reply ... thanks , i never noticed the error .
it is hard to understand .
i get it from a sexual standpoint .
people like what they like be it man / woman / both .
i do not at all understand identifying as something other than the only two options .
w / e ppl do as ppl do and we wish them gl .
crackheads call themselves crackheads we all know black people who call themselves niggers savages and thugs but is not it different when a white says the same words let us keep it < number >
that makes it 60 times more for black males compared to white female murderers .
this was one of the first instances that i learned that women ai n't shit
this " skipper " needs to be blackballed immediately if he has n't already been .
put him on the list , b&b !
any argument that prefixes antonin scalia with " the great " rather than " that idiotic moron " is pretty much on a downhill slope to " getting everything wrong " .
hell , he was n't even smart for his own overt bias .
the man undermined the conservative movement more efficiently than any liberal jurist ever had ... and he did it by accident .
i speak off course of his dissent in a 2008 gay rights case .
the plaintiffs had argued that the surviving spouse of a legal same - sex marriage in one state has the right to continue claiming from his husband 's state pension fund after moving to a state where that marriage was not legal or recognized .
they won the case but scalia wrote a writhing dissent arguing that it would lead to gay marriage being legalized across the nation - and outlining the exact set of cases that could allow this outcome to happen .
inadvertently writing the textbook that led to obergefell .
gay folks did exactly what he advised them to do .
and this , ladies and gentleman , concludes today 's edition of " right - wing rhetoric theater . "
it starts with a deflection and a non sequitur .
a specious claim that has nothing to do with the topic at hand .
then comes the double down based on what appears to be a statement of fact , but what is really just the speaker 's opinion stated as if it was a fact .
this comes in lieu of actually answering any questions or engaging with the subject matter at all .
and finally it concludes with the school yard taunt .
here , the initial poster ca n't actually defend his position .
he has nothing to say on the history of racial oppression in this country and has realized he 's adopted an indefensible position .
so he concludes with the rhetorical equivalent of " i know you are but what m i ? "
also , do note that that the response is predicated upon a misrepresentation of my statement .
a classic straw man .
it has become painfully obvious that there 's nothing more to be gained from this talk .
because allah loves him some anavar .
u guys suck dick and no one likes your fag assess stupid bitch
the four evil new congress women should be removed from their prominent position before they turn the usa into the deplorable countries that they come from
sarah huckabee sanders at wh press briefing : james comey " gave false testimony " 
 — ace
fucking college parties above ur apt is fucking suicide fuel 
 maybe ill call the cops on those fucks
where did this insulting stereotype come from ?
the black - as - criminal image has been with us at least since the nineteenth century , when explicit racism portrayed african american slaves ’ essential nature as ignorant and savage , in need of the “ civilizing ” influence of the white man .
at that time little black crime actually occurred , as slaves ’ lives were rigorously controlled , and they could be and often were swiftly put to death for perceived offenses against the slave owners , who acted as judge , jury , and executioner .
on average , an african american man , woman , or child was hanged , generally by a white mob , once a week , every week between 1882 and 1930 , as police actively participated or stood by and condoned the murders .
lynchings continued until the 1950s , as thousands of black americans were hanged for offenses like “ disputing with a white man . ”
what do you call bathrooms for transgender people ?
the disabled bathroom
this stupid law is going to create so many miserable lives for the kids who 's moms never wanted them .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > most excluded are hindu refugees not economic muslim migrants hindus are killed raped forcibly converted in pakistan and bangladesh entire nrc is a farce
what sean low t really meant was my wife boyfriend church and by having a blast he really meant the sand niggers were blowing up his wife children
maybe its not a coincidence .
maybe god does speak to you through your computer .
terry thought so .
also " faggot " in english is very rude and offensive you should n't say it ;)
i snatched my friend 's inhaler as a joke it must 've been pretty funny to him since he 's breathless , rolling on the floor .
good luck collecting mate the arabs do not play the guilt game the way we whites do
all white men are disgusting evil rapists who should be imprisoned and fed their own shit .
it is much harder to build something up than tear something down .
" if you consider yourself a feminist , but your thoughts on trans women are virtually identical to the raging misogynists and ignorant anti - feminists who make up the incel movement , well , maybe you 're not as much of a feminist as you think . "
url
sorry to hear about this attack on your girlfriend and i hope she makes a complete recovery .
i did not vote for her either .
neither did i vote for him .
still , as bad as he was , he was not compromising a public office nor enriching himself through public office .
it remains to be seen if he does during his presidency , but it is the first office he has held .
if he does , than he is little different than hillary .
the big difference is we knew about her before she ran for the presidency the second time .
may put a muzrat in charge of immigration
the end of a year - long chain of queer allyship posts
what a joke of a network .
four anchors and all are women or visible minorities ?
i guess that 's cbc 's , and by extension the liberal government 's , vision of canada .
it also shows how much respect they have for their meal ticket , white males .
stacy 's worst day alive is equivalent to an incels best day alive .
in the wise words of tyler the creator : " hahahahahahahaha how the fuck is cyber bullying real hahahaha nigga just walk away from the screen like nigga close your eyes haha "
any republican claiming the moral high ground because they oppose gay marriage and abortion should be reminded that they voted for a man who bragged about grabbing women by their pu$$ies and whose wife has posed naked for a lesbian photo shoot !
< user > i hate you faggot add me to your private snap story
nah those loser fucks needs to be bullied until they off themselves .
same ole shit , loser white dude who ca n't get a job or pussy
for those of you who are concerned about being mass - tagged ...
am i the only person that sees the irony of white men defending a white woman in black face , by claiming she was lynched by students supporting black people ?
the lynching tradition usually is started by a white woman claiming a black man insulted her .
then white men would get their guns and hunt black people .
when they caught a black man they had a variety of methods to torture and kill him in front of a happy crowd of white people having picnics .
there are photos .
oh the irony .
then you have the same hatred problem they do and in that way are just like them .
you are condemning yourself with your hatred .
' all the hoes loyal & # 1041205;&#1041205;&#1043358;&#1043215 ;
glad to see the grrls holding up their end ...
seems to me the pilgrim fathers were wandering around undocumented by the indigenous people they invaded .
those darker skinned people who had been in north america for 25,000 years .
yet the visitors stayed .
i 'm fucking sick and tired of you toxic arewa men that drags females on this app for having a fucking opinion   there are guys on this app i had to report to allah .
y'all are evil , definitely do n't deserve to have a fucking phone nor internet   disgusting bunch
i do not take the opinion of anybody with a nigger name seriously that alone tells me that his her mother probably do not know the father was ghetto trash
the gay sex going on in the men 's room is even worse than the drug use and the homeless using them as a place to wash up .
" .can u say , " " i 'm not aware of anything directly " " # rinseandrepeat & amp;was spicey referring to kfc big bucket ? #
resist # trustrussia # russiagate "
donald trump will go down as the ( and israel ) president .
it 's only a matter of time before he starts tweeting about the black unemployment in israel .
url
interesting .
woman rapes man .
do not get me wrong korea has their own share of soy boys and faggots just like any other country but they definitely do not fuck goats
i ’ m not gon na promote anything of mine free palestine 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 and eid mubarak to all my muslim brothers and sisters ❤ ️ 🕌 🌙
faggot so gay dyke no homo
all your friends are gay .
i 'm worried that other people will make judgments about you , and ... [ lowers voice ] you should be careful , because they might try to recruit you .
i 'm looking forward to your post excoriating trump for his behavior as well .
postmodernism live and let live concept of truth argues that even two opposite and wholly contradictory claims can both be true this is as stupid as saying that black and white are the same color
neither was obamacare .
it was a medicaid expansion .
i think the guy in las vegas set a new record !
a 50:1 kda is pretty good .
bitch bitch bitch .
super bitch
this is the code they hear from their fellow white male leader : " as long as * those people * are hurt worse , any amount of pain i inflict on you will preserve your status at the top " .
so as long as it 's a white man kicking them around , they 'll happily keep paying for his new shoes .
i held a bingo game in iraq .
when i said,"b-52 ! " .
everyone left .
what 's wrong with anti - trump editorials ?
the man 's a buffoon and i 'll bet you could n't explain what the " rule of law " is if you gave him an two hours and an encyclopedia .
i welcome the constant reminders of how abnormal he is .
pause has anyone listened to the txt album i m listening right now and i its so goos lesbians help i m vibrating
the issue is n't about preventing men from succeeding in fields that they excel in , it 's about making sure that there are n't barriers that prevent others from also succeeding and giving unfair advantage to a specific group which in many career fields traditionally has been white heterosexual males .
the issue is about confronting the biases , whether conscious or not , that have lead to unequal opportunity and to level the playing field for all .
it 's not about punishing men .
and you eunuch whores wish you could lick the shit coming out of your white female masters ass and get mad when you ca n't get to do that , lmfaooooooo .
< user > kash sulla meat dishes look garbage amp are served as if you are feeding refugees
you are right in retarded from actually trying to engage in a civil discourse with someone who is named obamasucksanus
i 'm too broke to buy anything angry ... hot heads ai n't sexy .
calling names ai n't sexy .. how would a queen address problems ?
not wit anger
it more it news community looks into the lives of people we d otherwise not know let get real too not so many ghetto phone dindus and skanks
yo not to sound like i am cheating on johnny but black haired taeyong really got me feeling some typa way
why transgenders want us to accept them if they do n't even accept themselves .
< user > < user > naxals are as bad as jihadis
right , how dare he state an opinion based on his experience , without the support of scientific studies !
here 's the studies .
males are slightly more responsible for rear end collisions than females .
but none of these studies factors in that on average males drive almost twice as many miles / kilometres as females in north america .
statistically , females cause more rear end collisions than males on per km / miles basis .
look it up but make sure the study factors kilometres / miles per driver .
there 's lies , damn lies and statistics !
and no one should forget the paki family collection of data on < number > democrats in the house their voting records and associations need to be front and center
sessions misses the good old days when any white man could murder any black person and be sure no white jury would convict them of murder .
that is how the white lynchers of emmitt till   benefited from jury nullification by an all white jury .
i guess they will make it federal law that no black people can be on a jury judging white people .
that goes double if the white criminals were abusing black folks .
i have no reason to believe different about this kkk sympathizer .
i 'm sure trump voters wo n't mind .
< user > wow and if you took their masks off you would see how nerdy they all look there was a clip where they had their masks off i wish i could find it but they are nothing wussies hiding behind masks
< user > as long as it valid truthful no woman really cares i have seen mgtow men claim men are abused more than women they are raped more than women some mgtow are very kind people who have been able to find a great community behind them others are incels who hate women
ha .
good one .
was n't that funny everyone ?
someone will start producing organic weed , and it should be labelled as such .
then we do n't have to worry about this .
actually who ’ boyfriend lmfao the way my life set up men hate me more than women 😫 😍
smoking pot in public has never been legal .
trying to sort my whole life out today before the chaos of working 40 + hours and studying for 25 hours a week ensues ... & # 128564;&#128564 ;
why in < number > < number > were there black refugees from south africa allowed in us did you know that will try and get the link
# motivationalmondays .
new week with new goals with greater motivation to learn , achieve and inspire # hustlerlife
these white men are ruining this country !
i will burn the building down .
is n't that cute .
i do n't fit in , people are n't being nice to me .
i better kill a bunch of faceless innocent people .
this is what " progress " has given our society .
blame everyone ( but mainly white males ) , for any ill and then because a person decides he 's really angry , he goes and kills people .
makes a lot of sense .
the " it gets better " campaign assures us that as time goes on issues regarding lgbt < allcaps > youth become less severe .
it 's true , by the end of highschool alot of those annoying queers had killed themselves .
today is a fucking shitty day and i ca n't wait for it to end .
you really are a joy to read .
so because i did n't support a communist as you did , i am the extremist .
supporting an old fool like bernie is bad enough but you brag about it too .
than you compare this loser hippie who could n't make a living outside of government to jesus christ .
yes they are both jewish and wear sandals .
you have a match .
your ignorance of representative government is only outpaced by your ignorance of christianity .
bernie sells the lie of salvation on earth while christ always had to remind his followers that his kingdom was not of this world .
jesus teaches of personal salvation through a personal relationship with god .
bernie teaches salvation of the collective by all placing their faith on " enlightened " men .
bernie may not really believe it but has found that by hyping it to kids , he can afford a new beachfront home .
you do n't have to tell me about majorities and minorities .
there is no shortage of idiots and fools .
enjoy your majority .
hennyway ...... is n't it just funny how the smart / sardonic white best friend always gets more love than the kinda hearted poc main character
when ..... i ask when ........ is this march on dc
based on record the existing democrat leadership retarded and the republicans tagging along is my analysis like food delivery < number >
do not ban islam just make supporting political islam embarrassing if you do support it you are labelled a parvenu a numbskull a thicko a moron make it not just unacceptable but laughable < number > virgins in heaven for killing virgins how stupid are you you poor thing manchester
stupid italians .
you 're supposed to build it on land retards .
tell me more about the religionofpeace aka islam ibrahim sulaiman jihad is not inhumane despite its necessary violence and bloodshed its ultimate desire is peace which is protected and enhanced by the rule of law
the incident orlando left everyone crying besides the parents of the victims .
lmao .
they sure do as does every other race .
not sure where in my comment i pointed out any skin colour .
i said refugee which ultimately is an illegal citizen in most cases in europe .
that certainly defines no skin colour as much as you want to believe that 's what i said .
i will however say that islamic / muslim men rates of sexual assault and rape are much higher than every other religion / culture   but as we both know a religion holds no skin colour .
well at least i knew that you certainly are n't that bright .
go ahead though call me a racist or whatever other useless label you can think of .
does n't bother me one bit nor change my opinion based on fact .
once again another useless comment brought to you by the inept , incompetent poster named victimitis .
back to the boat with chris from ottawa , jurbane , jangcm , rings of saturn , tomas mcgee and every other waste of skin commentor on here who could n't disagree with the political left if it ruined them in every way .
a gay who is respectful to others conducts his personal life privately discretely does not seek to force others to celebrate gayness obeys our laws especially those regarding controlled substances sexual contact with minors there are many such gays i have no problem with them
for some reason the closer christmas gets here the more pissed off i am getting ...   ;)
so how much more time left in pm junior 's internship .
please do n't answer if you are a white male ...... let 's give someone else a chance .
i love trump he cares immigration the undocumented immigrants and all that comes with it the military veterans and making it strong and stronger maga always putting americafirst does not turn his back on cruel leader like iran nk letting kim know do not threaten my people on my watch
as benjamin schwarz has pointed out in fact britain today receives more immigrants in a single year than it did in the entire period from < number > to < number >
you are going to fund a less qualified woman over a better qualified man .
solely because of her sex .
how is that not punishing the man ?
sometimes i think blaming republicans as long as dems are blamed too is a republican way of admitting guilt .
but just a theory .
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
< number > < number > the escalating violence practiced by russian forces has had the largest impact in terms of exodus and forced displacement as russian attacks in parallel with the attacks carried out by the syrian iranian alliance have resulted
" he identifies himself as a moroccan born " 

 if he was born in morocco it would be hard to identify yourself as being born anywhere else would it   - unless you happen to be in the current canadian cabinet .
i bet you suck good dick do n't ya little boy
simply saying that we need to analyze if there are factors that entice undesirable people to come to alaska .
is there anything we can change to make them disinclined to be here ?
we want productive and contributing people to want to be here .
crime is a serious concern to many people i know .
it was disturbing to read that the swedish foreign minister was stabbed today .
she can be man
hennyway ...... is n't it just funny how the smart / sardonic white best friend always gets more love than the kinda hearted poc main character
aaron hernandez has killed himself in prison .
< repeat > he clearly misunderstood when his lawyer told him to hang in there
looks at avi you think white people not going to call you a nigger
i am a fucking gem and if you think otherwise lemme run you these hands
welcome to gab a site full of people who are so disgusted by ghetto culture that they use ghetto slang all the time mind the thot police 👮 ‍ ♀ ️
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > white christian boomers trashed the economy environment so their own kids could not enjoy the wealth the they did maybe you all should have had more abortions then your kids and grandkids would not have to hate you
maharashtra ats confirmed that 10 men ( all arabic name+faith ) belonging to ummat e mohammadiya planned to kill 400 hindus by poisoning food at temple .
@deepigoyal , the man only wanted to keep ' mohammadiya ' influence away .
why are u robbing victims first and then lecturing ?
url
@brireasons thank you & # 128522 ; they 're stubborn and very blonde , but i 've never tried vitamins to help them , so now i might
then go back to india bitch where the brownies shit in a gutter and get sold into marriage by their dads to the highest bidder .
right i 'm sleeping so good night !
i hope jackson 's doing ok , that bam gets to korea safely and for all of got7 to stay healthy ✊
mgtow guy we are not women haters we are women understanders hmm interesting might work for jews just as sobran counter semite does leave out the we are not of course i am not i am weak any contruction
guys like you are the reason fat ugly bald women get laid .
dozens of people followed me and 9 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/cuxost51gu
this guy is ab annoying faggot
i 've always been surprised how being fit brings a certain level of positive attention from straight men .
jason kenney :   just the man to lead alberta boldly back into the 1850s .
and this man was a powerful conservative federal cabinet minister for years !
pathetic man , pathetic party .
i 'm fine with gays , and i 'm fine with lesbians , but it 's the people who ca n't decide that bother me .
like , the ones who ca n't decide which ones they like more , or what gender they are .
you have to pick a side people !
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
" conservatives felt strongly that hanging four men out to die in benghazi was despicable and we have been severely ridiculed for taking a principled stand . "
no , you 're ridiculed for your nonstop efforts to use the blood of those men for political gain , when even republican witch - hunt investigations could find no proof that anything would have changed the outcome that day , and yet you hypocritically say not a peep about all the attacks and deaths on us diplomatic facilities and personnel that happened under republican administrations .
there is nothing principled about your position .
suck my dick stupid bitch
# nfl wire : rays dfa nick franklin despite hot spring , making 2014 david price trade look … https://t.co/z1ojxg61ht https://t.co/hegn4pqk42
we know , but trump 's kids are all married to or dating jews and he 's expressed his full support of thelgbt community and gay marriage even if he is not out waving the fag rag in fag pride parades .
there s things worse than being a virgin 
 for instance my internet fuckin sucks and i m not the only one using it so i have to play my games with lag spikes and it honestly makes me rage so bad , i could nt care less about being a virgin if i had a decent connection reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
you do not live in america nazi faggot but you vote the young nazi boy faggot parties tho
now ken just because your having sex with a barbie doll which is not healthy and you might actually be retarded i am for real unlike your girlfriend in your mom basement
“ i ’m sorry ” and “ i apologize ” mean the same thing except at a funeral .
doggy < allcaps > licks < allcaps > q : why does a dog lick himself ?
a : he ca n't make a fist .
bampumim teixeira an immigrant from west africa
question why has the sub now got nsfw tags on everything you ’d think it would be common sense not to click on a post in dark jokes while at work
if the operation to remove your tonsils is called a tonsillectomy , then what is the name of the operation for a female do male sex change ?
addadictomy
i take a nap and lgbt ca n't play video games anymore wtf
bring back the likes of pope urban ii so we can have it out w the muzzies and kill the jews in the process w absolute immunity how can you not see the appeal of this life was better then
the holocaust is widely believed even by nazis like me gasing jews or napalming vietnamese lacks knightlyhood i e is detestful
the sad part is all that you say is true the jews bring those subhuman shitskinned scums to inocculate our females at every ages who have been brainwashed to hate their own kinds interracial porn jewllywood music sport inc adds every supports are used by them to corrupt our females
a race that has lost its will to power has lost its will to survive .
fucking slant retard
there are black women in our community that are not nurses !
🤦 🏽‍ ♀ ️ and they make way more money fresh out of undergrad .
and they are # engineers !
gay ppl are destroying the black family but not your child molesting uncle ?
your deadbeat daddy ? ?
your abusive ass aunties ? ? ? ?
your third cousin with 7 kids , 12 baby mamas , 6 dwis and a warrant out for his arrest ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
was an incel .
full of hatred and pity for himself .
i want to die i 'm an annoying bitch who deserves death
you fucking cucktards are the ones running point for antifa y all are the real wignats < user > is going to talk to the fbi about the criminal acts of antifa terrorists he shouldn t do that oy vey goddamn kike ass mother fuckers
what an ugly pig !
i would n't fuck her with michele obama 's dick .
yes , i do believe i coined the phrase .
hodgkinson 's disease is a mental disorder , also known as liberalism .
hating guns does not illustrate that you do not suffer that particular affliction .
the fact that you have been convinced that traditional catholics are " white " wing ( in other words , racist , white and conservative , which is just plain stupid ) , " older men " ( how old is " older " ?
i 'm younger than a lot of the flaming leftists here , and you 'd be surprised at the many young people attending the traditional mass because the novus ordo does nothing for them besides ruin their faith ) .
and greedy ?
no , again , we actually help our fellow man probably more than you liberals .
you 're happy letting big government call the shots and wasting tax dollars .
we prefer to help more directly .
hates women ?
ridiculous !
yes , you have hodgkinson 's disease .
you 've been deceived .
you assign false and dishonest motives to conservatives , you 're angry , full of hate , and difficult to get along with .
it a mediocre tinder knockoff where women are required to message men first it useless in eastern europe because the only women who use it are british or irish tourists
actually i know this subject very well .
unfunded pension plans have absolutely left many without the benefits they were promised .
look at detroit if you want a big example .
trust me , run .
why are cat - lickers and so - called " animal rights " zealots always obsessed with any imagery of human male genitalia ?
often the very first thoughts of theirs that they feel the need to , and are compelled to , project to the world .
why is that ?
i surmise it is because anything with male genitalia has avoided being near these unwanted cretinous fools throughout their whole sad , sorry , and meaningless lives .
they are obsessed with thinking about what they can never ever have in life .
someone wise once said , " dear single girls , please stop saying you should give up and get a cat .
if no man wants you please do n't force an innocent cat to live with you either . "
( though , due to the overwhelming preponderance of man - hating lesbians who " love " cats and use their cats to try to assert some kind of misguided authority in their ineffectual lives , i suppose that should be edited to say , " if no human wants you ... " ) 

 p.s. for the record , i " drive " a gas - guzzling peddle mountain - bike everywhere .
betting that the marching cubes tables for those corners - as was the ability to just wander whereever
whoa whoa calling all kikes and niggers the dregs of gab is a bit too woke even for me
well a militaristic state is what the kikes would want thought it would happen under ol barry but now not so much with trump unless the niggers continue to riot antifa faggots protesting attacking and so on
trans women are n't men tho ?
they have less testosterone than cis women .
you have to be on hrt for like 2 years to compete as a trans woman in most sports .
why are you arguing about this when you do n't even know the very basics of how any of this world ?
" " " trig identities fucked me in the ass without lube " " - @smmooth_jazz xx "
sex be so good a bitch be slow stroking and crying
@carddominant here to spoil but you 're talking shit ? ?
shut the fuck up .
ca n't even show your ugly ass face cause you 're probably some old fucking hag who has a clit instead of a dick .
blocked again .
alt retard is gon na alt retard cultlife
oh goodness ok i had a really bad comeback for that one but i am just gon na keep my mouth shut hehe that would definitely be a workable plan though and many other women would not have been his future victims
i know what a dotard is .
it is two males who think more of themselves then the women and children that will die if they continue to play selfish , foolish games .
" " " do n't worry , do n't be afraid -- ever -- because ... this is just a ride ! " " _
bill hicks "
i m a black trans woman and idk how imma survive after getting fired and after these checks run out .
if you have a dollar , i would greatly appreciate it .
cash app : $ birdietutambe venmo : birdie - duka
i am too impressed by the globe publishing the other side of the story .
the caption on the photo above dates it as taken on ' july 16 . '
so , either that picture was taken in the future ( which would be an impressive accomplishment ) , or it 's from another year .
my guess would be july 16 , 2016 during the campaign .
but the point it , it needs to be properly dated with a year , following standard journalistic practice .
i 'm not just nitpicking .
either ncr holds itself to professional standards or it does n't .
i 'm tired of all the little errors in proofreading , source attribution , opinion presented as news etc .
all these little things add up and , together , they chip away at this publication 's integrity .
you may not be able to tell from this post , but i 'm a fan of ncr .
i just hate seeing laxity in any publication .
it 's an unhealthy symptom of the shoddy state of journalism today .
did n't see this joke you fat queer .
i know you wanna be an edgelord , but you 're probably an anti - vax cunt , so go suck your dad 's dick to cope with your suicidal thoughts .
or just kill yourself in general .
do n't police departments have rules on nepotism ?
rick lewis wants to be chief and his brother dave is head of detectives .
can you really be objective when your dealing with your brother ?
springfield needs someone fresh to run it 's police force
like i said its not gay if its in space right url
i just see another whore who should be making me money .
what a waste sucking all that cock for free .
no , judging from the appearance of their boat they must be financially poor democrats .
yes , looking like you have n't slept or eaten in a month just makes the ladies swoon .
have incels always been so pro - nazi ?
i 've always been proud of the igbo tribe and our culture .
yesterday made me even more proud .
you people are too fine abeg . #
ogbakoumuigboday
to cold to be sleeping alone ghetto
i know all about your tricks so do n't you fucking try it
bluepillers say women finding only 1 % of males attractive is perfectly normal , effectively admitting hypergamy and lookism are true
hey tucker i agree with some of your policies but your getting close with the christian right rise up my black and white christian brothers and start assassinating
bitches too !
he forgot to add to the end , " on top of your x+1 crotch goblins from x different soyboy mangina cucks . "
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
mike trace -- are you implying they do n't get paid for this reality show ?
sure they do -- and big bucks too .
|| i do n't want this account to die .
i do n't want it to be a rts and food pics account .
i do n't want it to be an only banter account .
i -
absolutely but do you really think we should be allowing ghetto blacks to redefine our language
saw a documentary a couple of years ago on the part still destroyed by the flood everyone complaining about injustice and racism of someone not rebuilding their ghetto in a non gentrifying way of course which was run down before the flood they expect handouts
i never saw what others saw in him he talked too much about the failure war on drugs nobody cares about pot asshole build the wall imprison democrats stupid bastard can not get priorities straight fix drugs by removing beaners and killing big pharma
geez how dare this straight white male want to be involved in his community try to make a difference when there are actual genderfluid trans am quad demisphere poc willing to bitch about how they are not given enough
46 yo virgin 
 if this passes the filter , i 'll say more .
all i want to say is god thank you for dr.king and all of the other people involve in the civil rights movement because before dr.king legalize segregation existed but after dr.king segregation was ended .
in other words before and after
do not even talk to this nigger < user > you do not have to defend a thing to him jesus he calling our men dickriders ffs everyone knows that black males do nothing but dickride does anyone even know what that means it sounds nasty
the fucking dial tone & # 129315 ; do n't wanna hear it ma'am .
you are an idiot slavery is not a big deal it was common for most of human history get over it lying about it in some retarded attempt to blame the jews is just stupid
please notice my lengthy thread showing just a small portion of the jobs available in this area .
" truth ( that is , god ) is unchanging .
our understanding of it is not .
it is disastrous to confuse the two " .
maybe feminism cropped its clip haired degenerate thot head up far back in the mohammedean past if so literally strapping a cork in their mouths would make good sense as a rule going forward even a broken sand nigger tells the right time twice a millennia o 😀
um judy , you do realize the man was killed right ?
i might go so far as to actually label him the loser in this whole ordeal .
but yea , those poor cops : -\
or have him serve his sentence with supervised community service to clean up homeless camps .
my parents said they 're gon na make us all learn a rap on vacay for family bonding ... can they be any more white ?
getting ready for the season !
bruce says the water is warming up .
and this other lil guy is enjoying the sunshine .
it clearly states that glorifying violence is against the bitchute tos so i guess every heavy metal song ever written is out of the question then as well whatever these people are fucking retarded lol
why was bush so afraid of iraq to start a war ?
because of oil .
it do be that simple and dark at the same time
i learned nearly everything i know about white nationalism on the internet .
@manuclearbomb so , do they think the only interaction they can have with woman is the bonezone ?
also , having dinner = a date ?
i ca n't ...
if we all loved our neighbors .... oceans and walls mean nothing .... let alone borders !
< user > there was a story about a girl getting raped by men in a mat and apparently they even inserted tw a chupa and ever since i have the same fear
i 'm in my mid twenties , i 'm a straight trans masc dude but i 'm pretty feminine as well .
you 're not alone !
myself paul jayda fransen enjoying a bit of downtime from our stressfull dangerous lives well never surrender to islam we are christian soldiers ns we are the people
" in the united states , the average man in virtually every occupation makes more money than the typical women . "
this is ridiculous propaganda .
there are no valid statistics that show that , on average , women working equal hours with equal experience are earning less than their male counterparts in any statistically significant way .
every time the 79 % statistic is used the equal rights side looses support .
you ca n't fight injustice if the data is n't accurate .
in england they call these people asians even though they are from the sub continent and pakistan and east asians are called orientals it irritates me too we should classify them by race and perhaps religion in this case paki muzzie
the us did more damage to japan than any of these countries .
japan seems perfectly pleasant these days .
want to know why these countries suck ?
their geography is shit and their people support corrupt governments .
i feel so shame these people probably think i am a retard or something
i am here for miss lyonne telling the world women do n't need to have children to have a purpose in life ! ! ! ! !
chop stick with the wood send a nigga to jesus
if meredith has any honour , he should resign .
i care not a morsel that his wife and jesus christ have forgiven him .
a married preacher scumbag that exploits a 16 year old has no place in the senate .
the emotional scars and impacts on teenagers from much older men luring them into relationships stay with these young women for a lifetime .
in their efforts to clean themselves up and regain some credibility , senators must find a way to get rid of this disgusting man .
she has come to her senses and realizes niggers are incapable of living in a civilized manner and she knows precisely what she is doing you are the only one without sense and without a good plan
why are there queers everyday somewhere trying to tell us what to do abominations go away freaks stay away from anyone under the age of < number > sickos
< user > ai nt he bisexual an lgbt king of gays even his mind
the same number she refused to give out is the same number a guy just deleted ... no kill yourself
some of you girls and gays never played with a huge bratz doll head and it shows
i guess you missed yesterday with the off duty missouri cop yelling gun gun gun over the radio at an unarmed black man .
show this as an expected requirement for immigrants to stay in the us and watch them leave just explain that this is what the schools turn your kids into and end a of illegal immigrants
we know , but trump 's kids are all married to or dating jews and he 's expressed his full support of thelgbt community and gay marriage even if he is not out waving the fag rag in fag pride parades .
bitches date one nigga and get to thinking they from the hood
i think you missed the point of the somalian refugees / migrants who are currently making their way to european , north , and south american countries .
they are trying to move .
no one wants to accept them , not even other african nations .
bitch it should be cold on easter so i could step out in my baddest outfit
< user > in china muslim have special i d card and they not allow travel around where they wanna goes it ’ great 🤗
you 've formed a whole opinion on this guy based on what ?
john oliver cracking about how he does n't know where aleppo is ?
here 's a guy who 's for congressional term limits , ending the wars , less government surveillance , passing balanced budgets , fixing our crumbling infrastructure , and supporting economic growth rather than trying to force it .
and you 're not going to listen to any of that why ?
did you even watch the interview with the aleppo question ?
taking drugs ease the pain so wen i think about shit i do n't go insane
please be my homosexual remover — i will remove all the homos url
the trump bit was the last straw .
thanks for having us everyone we've been @auntydonnaboys .
go see everyone .
< user > < user > just stand up retard
< user > reported for targeted harassment
@sa6areeko they throw boys in the streets and say " that 'll show them what a man really is " smh this is why our economy is failing
fuck baby if use that pussy any fucking time
biack * * automods crumble before me * *
i consider the asian men are the most respectful and romantic human beings ever .
i do n't know how other people ca n't see it .
chase , that 's because nz passed laws against actually killing people with illegal guns .
we know this because laws are so effective in stopping gun deaths .
bernie sanders writes in opinions : the straightest path to racial equality is through the one percent url
actually these are not an excellent tool for assessing interpersonal perceptions and has been discredited by research psychologists , mostly due to problems with replication .
its use goes on however .......
there is no substitute : 

 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸
it 's very sad that mr finicum died behind this action as it it does seem to have been fruitless .
the bundy - ites   wound up preaching to the choir and did n't turn any heads that were n't in that vein of thought already .
lavoy should have stayed home with his wife and kids and taken care of business at home .
he died a martyr in only a few minds , the already converted .
for the rest of us it seems just a waste of a good   life .
rest in peace la voy .. very sad to have seen you go ..
i love that my new job puts out credit card tips & amp;a service charge in our paychecks cause i suck at saving money & # 128514 ;
" trump , in first remarks at un , urges the world body to reform " 
 perhaps this would more aptly apply to   advice he should give himself
what is the dumbest thing you have heard blamed on the patriarchy ?
dzulo this nigga opened my fridge and found tonic water in there and said muli ndi chomwela koma tea mulibe
i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i hate white boys i
ai nt none of them kids really mj 's man show me a true blood jackson that do n't look like all the rest of the jacksons.it 's like 1000 of em
great to see trump being such a fabulous example for other foreign leaders to follow , 50 days and a $ 50 billion reduction to the us national debt .
lets hope justin is paying attention instead of just hating all the time .
# ascendant / # mediumcoeli for moskow , ssr for now ( 12h58m02s ut ): 11 ° 30'06.0 '' # virgo ( ac ) / 04 ° 09'15.8 '' # gemini ( mc )
what are the " other goals ... so harmful they ... cancel out the good " ?
and by not voting for clinton will these problems disappear ?
will a trump victory move you closer to your " economic , foreign policy , and governmental issues " goal ?
you provide no specific examples .
i know " men like you " at least politically from analyzing the information you provide .
based on what you 've written , i can make certain assumptions : you voted for obama but can bring yourself to vote for clinton -- this does n't add up unless there 's a penis factor and a pat myself on the back for voting for a black man factor -- a common political ailment among white democratic men .
what men like you do n't like is that hrc has gonads and she 's not to be trifled with .
i can not express how much i look forward to post - electiontrump -- bent and emasculated by a woman .
i think trump can only save face through ritual self - destruction , but i digress .
many american men are far from politically complex -- note trump 's appeal among men .
here 's how it works in my eyes .
if you 're ok killing someone who has done no harm to you or your family i 'm more than ok killing you .
good thing i did n't follow my original dream of becoming a cop .
these nazi mofos need to be wiped off the planet .
look at this pussy playing in solo .
nigga join a public lobby you 'll be dead within minutes 😂
why do women care so much about being on the same level as men when men actually do not give f**k < censored > need some education here
deuces , 
 and before the germans were christian , they worshiped , that 's right , pagan gods .
that 's why the germans had the tree in the first place .
elementary , my dear watson .
obama brought racism back by being black !
obama was subjected to racism no other us president has had to face .
the right creates the racist discord by spreading racist conspiracy theories like " birtherism " then chides obama for not doing anything about fixing the racism in this country ... the idea of a black man in the white house is abhorrent to some people it seems ...
she got the maddow dyke neck
@alleyesonmani lmfao cancers males are very annoying they childish an pathological liars 😭 😭
bro if you keep fuckin vibin with me i swear imma fuckin throat your dick 🚫 🧢
# motivationalmondays .
new week with new goals with greater motivation to learn , achieve and inspire # hustlerlife
what do you call killing gay people ?
natural selection .
it 'll never make it that high .
people seem to forget that your case has to be special to make it that high .
birthright citizenship is pretty well settled in the us at this point .
if you were born in the us , or if your parents are citizens , you are too .
genre of anime 
 what 's your favorite genre of anime ?
you can not say you support victims of sexual abuse harassment if you have actively said someone was lying about being raped in order to protect your friends reputation
@techconnectify eugenics is a hell of a drug
that 's gay .
his penis should be removed then throw him in jail .
anyone that blames 3 generations of americans for all their problems    is a mommas boy little bitch , need to remove the teet get out of the basement and maybe try to get laid instead of jerkin to porn .
what you state is true and is unfortunately the reality of the world we live in .
i thought the march was in support of women 's rights ?
suggest you do n't disrespect their goals through mission creep .
typical white male , trying to take over to suit his own agenda .
black people are some of the best people i ’ve ever met anyone   who locks this is racist lmao
comedy , you don address any of the facts i posted , and predictably make astrawman argument .
i reiterate < - slowly shakes head .
pertaining to the 144k ... jesus is the word of god , the word of god is one endless parable after another , and why jesus spoke in parables .
the book of revelation tells you in the first 2 paragraphs ... this book is a parable , and why it speaks in parables .
knowing that fact , the # 144k is a parable , not literal number .
no , i do not believe i am one of the 144 k as your strawman drivel gets into .
you people lecture time and again i need to read and study the bible .
i did , extensively .
amazes me how many who profess to love jesus are absolutely clueless what this book plainly states , and why their doctrine always calls their jesus a liar .
now , address the facts i posted you avoided or admit you 're calling your god a liar ,
again , i 'm impressed with how well bud black handles this pitching staff .
last year , marquez would have been gone early and the bullpen well on it 's way to being over used .
you can almost see him thinking about late inning match ups instead of getting everyone up and hoping for the best .
i liked walt weiss as a person , but the difference is night and day .
i m a be the last bitch standing , fuck them niggas .
what is the difference between a homosexual and a mentally ill person ?
nothing .
so are you gay or not ?
you ca n't be pretty gay " .
at the end of the day , bisexuals are usually actually homosexuals . "
it seems our government is more concerned about fish entering canada than all the illegal immigrants
# 1daytobirthmonth saint dr gurmeet ram rahim singh ji insan @gurmeetramrahim , a great social reformer started movement towards eradicating female foeticide , wid his great efforts , female foeticide has been drastically reduced in state of punjab and haryana .
url
cool story , bro .
men are fucking terrible and virtually useless amirite ladies :')
could dan or the examiner comment on : 
 - why mr. hannan included a lie about an ohio city council , referencing a meeting that never took place ( in fact , this rumor came from a satire piece ) ?
- how a piece is published with such an obvious and easily verified falsehood ?
- how the examiner intends to correct the error and ensure that future pieces are accurate ?
would it be possible to publish some of the presentations of this meeting or to publish a synopsis of the writings of those who have written on these issues , maybe one or two authors a week for a month or so ?
this is a subject worth exploring in greater depth .
you 're going to old compton street ?
you want to be careful , it 's queer city up that way .
taking drugs ease the pain so wen i think about shit i do n't go insane
this is too funny . "
we 'll work with people if they have a true , legit fear , " she said .
bitch fuck you ! ! !
fucking dumb ass bitch i hope someone fucks you up for this
dear british cops stop licking sand nigger a holes start protecting people if you traitorous cucks wo nt do anything for little white girls gang raped by pakis what would you do for a puff attacked by sand niggers
i do n't really care what the motivation is for someone to shoot me .
i just do n't want to get shot .
if you feel i 'm a bootlicking racist i do n't know what to tell you .
gang activity is mainly a result of economics , not race .
i do n't actually recall even mentioning race at all .
if i did it was wrong and i apologize .
i think we should try to end all mass shootings , not just ones committed by trump fanboys .
i 'm not sure what 's accomplished by ignoring certain crimes based on the motivation or the victim .
< user > cell em with the biggest hairiest bull dykes in the joint
lmfao yeah it was just a matter of time it will soon be a competition of overweight tattooed feminist lesbians with colored hair and excessive piercings the winner will be the one that virtue signals the hardest and is deemed most oppressed by straight white men
my light skin joint got a white boy now i am not type to fight that back but if she ever come around imma widen that gap another bar from < user >
if the vatican ca n't deal with gay priests then we need to start outing every ordained catholic gay male that is alive .
starting at the top in the vatican , naming one a day ( and his position ) .
it could take decades naming one a day because there are so many .
@darkotik98 _ @jasontokach2 @milsimnews like i 've states we have not forfeited we will accept terms for your surrender if you would like .
did u guys know that racism was cancelled by the film freedom writers ?
now u do url
it is hard to understand .
i get it from a sexual standpoint .
people like what they like be it man / woman / both .
i do not at all understand identifying as something other than the only two options .
w / e ppl do as ppl do and we wish them gl .
although i realize you 're being somewhat facetious here , dermot , the fact is that our congressional delegation are republicans first and alaskans ( or ohioans , as the case may be ... ) and americans second .
this has been aptly demonstrated over the last year by their abdication of their constitutional duties in regard to obama 's supreme court nominee and culminating with their tacit support of donald trump .
you re suprised a website dominated by young adult white males is upvoting incel garbage ?
lmao .
china is teaching young african boys ancient martial arts that were passed down from father to son and perfected for millennia .
you 're putting your 5 year old son in pink frilly dresses and calling him a little girl because the tv told you to .
url
prison based on more crimanl issue inside it to drugs to even to murders and rapes on same sex and sometime by officers but facts are that once transgender men go to femail sides it will be a miss among our prison as it already is over same sex rapes that heppen in there that breads out homosexual .
is n't it possible that most everybody " from here " has been exposed to lumber company propaganda for his / her entire life ?
i 'd imagine that the style of forestry management taught in universities here , for instance , directly reflects the needs of the logging industry .
my son and a couple friends studied at a place like that back east , a big ag school with high profile programs in agronomy , forestry and engineering .
georgia pacific and weyerhaeuser may as well have owned the place .
then , there 's the question of the logging / lumber lobby in the state legislature and government .
well - heeled lobbyists have a way of shaping legislatures ,   state bureaucracies and . . .
elections .
@pablonobars yeah man .
men that actually care bout gettin to know you , you do n't treat em like that but see them niggas that feel entitled to pussy .. raw em out ! ! ! !
hopefully by feeling guilty for :   a. helping to put a fascist regime in power .
b.   doing nothing to offer sanctuary for these poor folks who are usually their own faithful members .
carol , on behalf of most people on this forum i apologize for the nastiness you 're facing .
i 've always thought the meanest girls are the fat ones .
@fierywahi @badsalishgirl url this was the first thing i wrote and published because of an argument with someone who was white passing .
my dog has a higher iq than you 're transgender daddy 's sperm baby
gang raped apparently and it was almost at the end of her world peace tour perfect timing one might say
any ss attracted man who pretends he 's straight is an agent of homophobia .
this is doubly true if that man is a professional journalist for a religion that calls homosexuals " intrinsically disordered . "
he is advocating repression , and more .
and those who are triggered ?
that clearly indicates their true feelings about ss attraction .
wow , all the lines they think are hilarious are said by the main female character when she subjects herself to ridicule .
@shelbyndiaz @monikaalynn _ @cmclymer @realdonaldtrump look faggot do n't forget your still a guy i 'll whip your ass
when anyone is ready we are now taking reservations on lots as we speak first come first served contact me for more info .
need better on ground intel .
stuff like # gwer should n't happen .
isis should have been attacked by air before they got there . #
peshmerga
some apps have literally released data that shows the percentage of women getting swiped vs men .
you ca n't just lump everything you do n't agree with as " incel shit . "
you are confusing ghetto niggas with christian blacks if you do not see a difference it because you have not associated with many christian blacks but then why would you you are an atheist you and i do share the common goal of stopping more anti white mongrels from invading america though
the witch hunt continues .
there will be a new election before any of this so called investigation gets to 1st base .
such a waste of time and money .
they could be investigating the clintons were crimes are more likely to have taken place .
media reports are hillary scrubbed 30,000 emails from her government work computer and had staff smash smart phones and computers with hammers .
the cia niggers glow in the dark you can see them at night and run them over
friend at the grocery store in spokane , washington : : " look at that man in the high heels , wig , and cone - like fake boobs !
he must be a total loon ! "
come on satin pluck these idiot 's from america trump2020
grown men are such toxic buggers .
the only way to solve this is legally mandated castration of all cis - males at birth .
serves them right .
pharaoh had it right by ordering the execution of all first born male children .
just be done with them and get on with your wonderful life .
oh well the new alt rite white male is 
 watching 
 " dancing with the stars " 
 with their republican grandmothers .
watch : former president @citiznmukherjee receives ' bharat ratna ' from president ram nath kovind url
notice how few people even commented on this article .
this is because everyone knows   if we make   women permanent deacons , it changes nothing of real weight .
until women are ordained priests and equally to all men they are subjugated and treated inferior and less sacred as human beings than men .
demand our pope and hierarchy ordain women priests immediately and consecrate women cardinals as well .
otherwise catholic 's biggest problem is that they do n't know what it means to be a christian .
the idea of a straight pride parade sounds like when i used to ask my parents why there was no kids day when there is a mother 's day and a father 's day .
" because every other day is kids day "
pocho , been more than 5 years ..............
< user > as in retarded
what 's the best part of punching a tranny in the face ?
you get the pleasure of punching a woman but with none of the guilt .
stressed about sat tomorrow because my sat score wo n't get me into any fucking college sooo there 's that & # 128579;&#128579;&#128579;&#128579;&#128579 ;
i have two principles in my life .
kill all incels and kill anyone who litters .
all them big ass niggers on the field and the kickers did all the work
the elites are planning something ominous , but allah ( the most high ) is the best of planners .
islam is the winner in the end .
my dear fellow moslems who live in europe you need to understand two facts < number > europe has never in history accepted your so called prophet and your religion islam < number > from the european perspective islam is just superstition of uneducated arabs and you will never change this attitude never
bruhh their outfits for kcon are all white yes it suits them 🤙 ❤
as if one of my team members just ran into the stock room where i'm eating lunch , did a backflip , then left & # 128561;&#128561;&#128561 ;
botch you sound bout stupid as shit what about afro latinos who actually do speak spanish .
and how tf is a word for your parents equivalent to a racial slur stfu puta 🥰
the lads were not a mob they were brothers boyfriends cousins protecting females then those girls were over < number > muslims were not interested in them why the lads stopped defending i do not know but generations of muslims have raped young white girls and in mob gangs
the catholic church is just another ' basket of deplorables ' .
amazing how liberals complain about ' stereotypes ' and ' profiling ' and ' painting with a broad brush ' until one of their candidates gets criticized .
then , of course , demonization is clearly authorized and encouraged .
watch this tall , beefy , and roided bull of an alpha god take this fag 's throat that rightfully belongs to him and turn it into a pussy !
this man the pinnacle of a muscular alpha god !
url
ah , then that 's the distinction between 外生 , foreign born and 本生 native born , i do n't think anyone would say foreign born are n't taiwanese , they 're just a different class of taiwanese .
it not about fertility it about making sure that the moslem men have control even over their women private parts no ability for pleasure for her means they can be selfish even in the bedroom
most western europeans would rather be killed or raped not a play on words or a euphemism or have their children killed or raped by evil muslim invaders then be called a racist bigot xenophobe or islamaphobe cultural marxism schooling has brain washed them into submissive spineless pussies
goodness has finally comes to this two idiotic leaders of two of the most stupidest countries in the world what i have to say good job assholes while you two world leaders hide in your bunkers while this shit go 's down like two fking cowards while the rest of the world suffers and hope you two assholes dig a deep hole and hide because people will be looking for you two who started this mess and hang both of you side by side instead of trying to solve your differences like men nope you assholes think war is going to solve your assholes problems fking dumbasses
< user > < user > sikhs get called towel head by racists all the time to have someone from a sikh family do the same is ridiculous
your celebration is premature .
the gop majority on the supreme court will likely jettison the rule of law in favour of the rule of trump .
what else would you expect from a retarded feminazi swamp donkey
how to describe hypocrisy all the folks calling on trump to call out white nationalism had not been able to call out antifa blm islamicterror how worse can their hypocrisy be
" why is honey so fucking disgusting why do people eat it like everytime i feel tempted to try it again like " " maybe last time it was just bad " " "
believers children get raped god sees and does nothing he either powerless malevolent or nonexistent atheist vs faith
if you 're new and on orientation , do n't open up the doors on my truck and start pummeling me with questions .
it 's too early for that shit .
after the shooting in orlando .
< repeat > june has changed from gay pride month to gay died month .
could the threat of a small quantity of european cheese entering canada at lower price be the impetus for canadian cheesemakers to get better at their craft like ontario wine producers did with the advent of free trade with the us ?
vqa wines are of a superior quality to pre - fta wines from ontario .
on the other hand , why would european cheese makers / importers cut their prices ?
why not just sell more cheese at canadian prices ?
reason for incels to live # 1 
 you never have to deal with finding out someone is a dirty tranny after you put your cock in their inside out wiener
< user > he angry because he strenuously applied for covfefe boy not errand boy wandering all over shithole countries like a singing minstrel trying to save a lardass
you 're so pathetic ... a slave to your own dick .
cum in cash while i mind fuck you ✨   # findom # paypig # humanatm # mindfuck url
@frankielussst a horny limp dick 30 yr old rlly fighting with a bomb ass bitch , now that s what you call sad and worthless 😒 💅 🏼
jump in ... 

 start following .. 

 look at categories .. carve 

 out a niche .. 

 covfefe
the risk of dissolution of the uk was caused by brexit .
the community voted emotionally in fear over immigration and the perceived need to protect its tribes autonomy .
it ignored political and economic realities and the needs of its young people .
it is my view that the current situation could devolve back into violence or , more hopefully , result in the reunification of ireland
" @unholy_jack : these harbor bitches are all " party bus hoes " " lol all ?
this is a bad take ... you 're arguing that because google is a subset of the total population so it 's no longer subject to the averages of the population shows you either do n't understand the memo ( possible , most people i 've spoken to about it have n't read it ) or do n't understand statistics .
if , in a population , 90 % of computer programmers are men then in any subset of the population we would expect the same ratio ( with varying confidence based on the size of the population ) .
the point of the memo is that it 's possible that women are not as interested in computer programming ( university enrollment should give us a pretty good picture on this ) and therefore aiming for a 50/50 split in a 90/10 population is extremely misguided .
the hoes ai nt classy no more more like trashyyy !
friday double your money acca   🚨 5.30pm ko !
⭐ ️ download betbull to get £ 100 in free bets !
stop missing the winners 👇 🏼 url 🔎 find me by searching ' thefootypster ' .
18 + url
it is much easier to study marine science next to the ocean than in corvallis , some 60 miles away .
it 's sort of like a geologist studying a volcano on one of its sides instead of staying in portland .
there is some risk involved .
in the next day or so ( or in the next 100 years or so --- geologic events are so unpredictable ) there very well may be another tsunami like the one in 1700 and newport may be inundated .
or cars , or , just for the sake of a conversation , getting into the country ?
oops !
sorry !
i know that is a trump wish , and as such , to be totally denigrated , but , hey , there it is !
the last sentence is probably a record setter for commas .
your an idiot ...... the most crucial guy ...... common man its tyrrell crosby .... again idiot
everybody dies at some point .
the point here is , why do republicans want to hurry that along for poor people by taking away their access to health insurance ?
do you not understand how cold your statement is ?
my ancestors who had the good sense and foresight to come and build america .
your hero , trump , said that mexicans in general are rapists and drug dealers .
the man is racist , as are many of his supporters -- and he has not done or said anything to repudiate the racism of those supporters .
no , utilitas , you support a narcissist whose attention span would shame a three - year - old , a racist and sexist who boasted of grabbing women by the genitals , who actually made money out of each one of his four ( or is it six ) bankruptcies , a man who has no regard for the truth and enriches himself through his office .
mr. osman , 

 with all due respect , i have lived in these islands for more than three decades and i do n't see the same thing that you 're seeing .
i think you need to separate fact from unsubstantial claim .
there 's passive - aggressiveness affecting all peoples here in the hawaiian islands .
when the department of hawaiian home lands receives no funding or greatly reduced funding from the state of hawai'i legislature , while the state of hawai'i maintains the responsibility ( constitutionally ) to protect native hawaiians - is that not some form of passive - aggressiveness ?
you 're here on a public forum creating trump - esque strawman arguments to attack the native hawaiian exercise of self - determination and that is n't passive - aggressiveness ?
long term goals of the ' aha ?
pray tell , what are those ?
i participated in the ' aha and was a member of the ' aha 's purpose statement task force , which was to advance self - governance of native hawaiians .
anything else is a lie .
betting that the marching cubes tables for those corners - as was the ability to just wander whereever
i just asked a < number > year old about pewdiepie using the nigger word in a video his reply was who cares i agreed with the sentiment and congratulated him on his common sense
good news for the public schools system and its many taxpayers .
i 'll pound all your fuck holes till my cum drips out of you
it was there for 2 years .
2 whole years .
every day i hate men even more .
fucking trash .
i m url
and one of the first things kids will learn is that if you are a white middle - class female you wo n't have to worry about the punishments a young blue - collar male might have faced .
@tmz misleading and purposely inflammatory headline .
so , if white supremacists appropriated likeness of the american bald eagle , anyone associated with that likeness would be a white supremacist ?
you 're peddling garbage !
i forgot how much talcum xx lies they turned their backs at the mayor for being at the g20 right after the cops execution and missing the swearing in of new cops some turned their backs at the commissioner too these black niggers create racism so they can feel important
if i suggested you were combative , that was not my intention .
i commend your effort to evaluate the logic of a statement .
i have been trying to learn logical fallacies by applying them to posts .
here is a list i work from .
there are other less detailed lists : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_fallacies
new obama regulations will make it harder to hire and promote men
did you register an account on this site just to call these people white supremacists / call them stupid ?
i ai n't know niggas was saying that to get pussy , now imma just stop saying that 😭
stay in your lane ai nt no traffic in your lane stop trying to be in other niggas lanes
it 's nice to dream that we could have free trade within canada and make such a major reduction in useless and expensive efficiency sucking parochial regulations .
but of course the new brunswick government would never let this go , caring more for their liquor tax revenue than the massive potential benefit to the country .
i fucking hate that " the red pill " got invaded by boring , fucking conformist , play life by the book , conservative , bible thumping midwits , who are all about controlling people 's lives rather than setting people free to live their own life , warts and all .
true this is why i endorse the hotep negro movement only the hoteps do not want to rely on the white man laws wealth lands are anti zionist and want to go back to africa this makes our goals for an all whitenation more attainable youtube or google hoteps and alt right
attention all you right wing straight christian males please quit going around killing people in the name of jesus you are making other christians look bad you are the religion of peace how often do you here mudslimes say things like that one in < number > million
music < number > years later and this record still sounds fucking awfull fuck manchester manchester raped the globe with this pish
what utter nonsense .
men and women of all races and ethnic backgrounds are patriotic americans , most from habit of birth , but many who come here from places from around the globe , and there are a lot of folks in latter group right here in kent .
and all of those people 's opinion are every bit as valid as yours , and in many cases much , much better informed .
rational people recognize that the history of a country that fought a bloody war to end race - based slavery , that has outlawed race based discrimination , and   elected and re - elected a black man as president , is obviously not about " white supremacy " .
the only thing i can agree with you on is that you are not a respectful person .
no they are n't .
let 's stop forcing this poc narrative like our histories and present lives are the same .
good point ... we should go one step further and eliminate all religious symbology from society ...
> if a woman wants to ruin a man , all she has to do is say he raped her .
as soon as she does the man might as well quit his job , leave his family , abandon all his property , and go straight to jail .
usually , since it comes down to a case of his word against mine , the man is sentenced to jail time , even if the woman ca n't prove that there was an actual rape lol wtf are you talking about ?
typical alt - right incel bullshit .
you clearly do not understand what it means to be a man .
a man protects himself and those who depend on him .
and there ai n't a damned thing " unmanly " about legal gun ownership .
says the white man living the life of " white privilege " !
x and y so a boy is an x x and a girl is an x y right .
does n’t that make sex 50 % gay
this game full of fake niggas dick riders clout chasers niggas gon ride yo wave till it no more beneficial for them
what 's the hardest part about rape ?
admitting it was a woman who did it .
it felt different because it happened in texas where the yahoos are the most fervent supporters of gun rights .
they say the best solution to a mass shooter is a good guy with a gun .
that young white nationalist probably took out a handful of ' good guys ' in his artillery dump .
it felt different because of the locale .
' all the hoes loyal & # 1041205;&#1041205;&#1043358;&#1043215 ;
if you take my gabs seriously reread them because they are supposed to be ridiculous
follow marvelous people @2girls1pupshow @debbiecyber @monicahotts @jkburke21jim @lakingsfan2016 @scottclendaniel @jimmysplacebar rt
< user > < user > jeez you wear one pointy white hood and people assume hey we have all done it when we were young eg in our twenties i once accidentally strayed into an anti semitic fringe meeting at the labour party conference not that i do not like the jews anyway twaw
fake news by trudeau .
trump had / has no intention of visiting canada .
trudeau was telling lies   about ' security issues if trump ' visits .
trump has a major festering   grudge against wynne , mulcair and trudeau .
one of them called trump a fascist and another actively campaigned against trump in ny state and washington .
trump 's looking for regime change in canada
i 'm sure the four women he has a problem with being young and brown have nothing to do with him wanting them to go back to their own countries .
you suck shit , good fucking lord
i know and work with many indians and sikhs almost all are hard working polite honourable people who don t like blacks jews queers or liberals
a autist piece of shit
this is banter for young edgy white boys
bitch motherfucker you deserve to die you little piece of shit you deserve to die in a hospital with a fucking dick in your butthole you fumb dumby cunt motherfucker go cum in your mom 's vagina
“ pick that cotton negro ” or whatever massa said
< user > software engineering all my classes are < percent > white boys and the < number > or < number > ppl who are not are only ever nb girls or coony bm 🙄
" tirian came near , trembling ... and the lion kissed him and said , " " well done , last of the kings of narnia who stood firm at the darkest hour . " " "
damn i m about to workouy like a cotton field slave nigger sanz yar
the koch faggots and friends should be ovened
so , these four clowns claim to be ' women of color . '
exactly , what color are they claiming to be ?
wishing for a white wignat christmas 🎄
do you really think that quebecers are that shallow that they would vote for people who do not represent their interests just because the are fluent in one language ?
that may have been true among their parents but the next generation is more international , that is less provincial ,   and does n't get sucked into those old memes .
video games are kike influenced degeneracy are you going to suggest porn next rentfree in your head kike even nature is trying to warn you
jews are born trouble makers
why when people see a fist they feel the need to rape a handshake
she worked at my school
i wish i ca nt get on twitter anymore they banned me for fighting with a muslim who threatened me potus he needs to end twitter
the only ones killing trannies are themselves
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
' 
 donald trump is a childish belligerent buffoon entirely without any credence .
he 's a traitorous petty con man and nothing else .
.
.
indivisible : a practical guide for resisting the trump agenda ( web version ) — indivisible guide 
 https://www.indivisibleguide.com/web
brando daughter cheyenne lived a short life of tragedy and pain buried deep in hollywood print media in places we can no longer dig up she alleged he systematically raped her she alleged he systematically raped her
the visceral hate that men have 4 women is why male feminists / allies need 2 tread carefully .
we put ourselves in physical danger doing this .
peter kopteros peter kopteros < number > hours ago i sure hope that nappy headed lowlife never gets to play professional football ever again unless it in the ghetto they grew up in lol ﻿
my grandfather drew a drawing of mlk dying a day before it happened .
i guess you could say shit got real
yep , anchorage has too many ferals roaming the streets .
ffs people do unto others does not let foreigners and niggers come to your country and screw your daughters
why was the baby born in mangled state because the ( mother 's ) eggs were scrambled .
is anyone really surprised by this outcome ?
what has four legs .
and one arm ?
a doberman in a children 's park .
until it happens to one of your own !
let 's see you comment some ignorant comment then !
would not be one bit surprised if you yourself are an abuser yourself !
to lose another 's life is no laughing matter asshole esp to shit for men such as yourself !
if alcohol was involved so be it , they choose to do what ever as adults normal people do not kill when drinking although some do the fact remains he knew why he killed her so therefore guilty could not remember in a black out stage !
that 's where whom ever was serving would or should end any more service !
fukn jews amirite
the guy is so ugly he needed to drug the women .
just call the jews what they really are god suplanters
butt trump was intentional .
you either missed it or loved it .
i 'm guessing you missed it and are trying to point out an error .
yes i despise trump .
any man who sexualizes his own 17 - year - old daughter , who agrees that she 's a piece ofass is a despicable snake .
add his incessant lying and tweet tantrums and yes , i hate him .
i think yer a faggot
if modern males can be defeated by the " rise of feminism " , it 's a good sign they were on the way to history 's garbage heap anyway .
even if someone dismisses a message as " fake news , " you 're still able to hear it and decide for yourself .
is n't that how it 's supposed to be ?
islam and antisexist parading together are like nazi and jewish together
self explanatory .
i get on the gay dating app grindr and roast fags like yourself .
i also find mentally damaged queers to have filthy sex with .
comparison w/ the anime / manga and other films is inevitable .
the hero 's journey back from product to person is worth a look .
yeah i 'm writing again i 've got 3000 + words of plot and the characters haven't fucking interact yet just shoot me .
the strangers are sex offenders and drug addicts .
that is a ridiculous comment and this will put college students in danger .
this is just steps away from the college , and a woman was strangled to death by a homeless man in broad daylight on the path the men would take to the college , which is on the hill behind the shelter .
< user > good one kyle he has depression and it his birthday month reporting you for targeted harassment
as has been pointed out to you many times over the years , the argument is not " christ chose only males to be apostles , therefore non - males can not be ordained " .
i be getting nervous for nothing i m that bitch period
if anything would stall an investigation of trump 's collusion with russia , it would be war with russia .
* * warning * * : it has been detected that this account may be a faggot .
your sister 's , who i 've fucked , last 100 posts , 100 of them are dms of her gash to me .
a man who said the majority of mexican immigrants are drug - dealers , rapists and criminals devotes a large amount of his energy to ensuring he has a trade deal with mexico .
why ?
because not even donald trump is nuts enough to permanently damage trade with his closest neighbours !
url
migrant families being flown to san diego from texas in u.s. border crisis - reuters url
mad props to the black ladies of al for fighting the good fight .
if said in a statement along these lines : " i 'm not gay , but i support gay rights . "
is it still hurtful ?
i think i 've written along the lines of that before and thought of it as an equivalent of " i 'm not a woman , but i support women 's rights . "
now i 'm not even sure if that 's harmful .
i 've meant it as " even though i 'm not part of this group , the need of improvement for them is so obvious that even i can see it " .
the crimes against women are at an unprecedented high under modi rule .
conviction rates are at an all - time low under modi rule .
what will become of us in the next five years under # modisha ?
god save us .
god save india . #
unnaokibetikobachao   url
all americans have a 2nd amendment right to self - defense , not just lawmakers !
vote the dems out of your local jurisdictions and take back your rights !
to sum up a brill day : future of protein requires collaborative efforts to make a serious impact & amp ; influence positive change # futureproteins
maybe it played a role , but mainly she was the wrong woman .
too   many men and women simply do not distrust her .
blaming   misogyny shows she is still in denial
is this what gays do    url
reddit finds sexual abuse of a drunk , nonconsenting guy outstanding and the abuser is a hilarious person ( but the abuser must reward with sex )
in 1845 , texas was admitted into the united states as the 28th state .
@leahgreenb let 's be clear on this : people like you is why there is so much hate and anger in this world .
you are enticing violence and hate .
democrats / liberals/ along w/ terrorist and gangs crazy enough to pull the trigger are feeding off of your hate and violence .
i hope u r being watched
ruling party is using the dehumanisation of lgbt people as a rallying thing before the elections this fall .
basically nsdap tactics .
what s that useless bit of skin on the end of a penis ?
the man . (
most likely a repost idk )
her mom looks like my grandma ... who is a white english woman 💜
you do n't speak for the minorities and we do n't speak for them either .
we only speak for our own and on our own opinions .
if we are offended and you 're not , you do n't have the right to say " we 're overreacting " .
we will get to them but right now we are discussing your behaviour .
2 alphas put a bitch beta sub in his place follow @hot_cal url
there 's not climate change .
there is only humans wild imagination 

 i know a guy who would know .
noaa is our government conspiring to make it seem hot via " fake news " propaganda .
they say " it 's a dry heat so it wo n't be quite as bad " and mark down 98 degrees rather than the 81 degrees it actually is .
those bank clocks are never right .
you 'd have to be stupid to believe those dumb clocks .
ratings must be dipping if the " fake lamestream media " has to fake raise temperatures to record highs for ratings sensationalism .
it 's so easily explained .
why liberals do n't understand is a mystery .
drinking that al gore koolaid .
who 's going to " power america " unless we create 100 k jobs mining the coal we really need ! ? "
coal is ' clean ' now !
how much more advanced can we make it , it 's clean , and we noncoal minors know anything about coal .
let the coal industry alone and put the epa money into the military .
right ?
another sick human selling violence just to get likes and views - humans do n't deserve to survive .
the earth will be far better off when homo sapiens kill and toxify themselves out of existence !
me and my store manager went to panera this morning and forgot it was free breakfast day at chick - fil - a & amp ; pretty sure she wanted to cry lol
bisexual is a term that gay guys in high school use when they want to hold hands with girls and feel like a normal person for a change .
fascinating .
the only highly qualified individuals are white males .
you look at every person in the bible who had more than one wife and look at how messed up their lives became
dating for sex ❤ ️ to show pussy ?
😱 follow the below link and have lots of fun 👉 url note : verify email to send msg to girls # boobs # tits # dicktribute # slut # fuck # dick # clit # sellnudes # buynudes # hornysnap # dirty # ass # booty # paypal url
" the institution claims that it ca n't ordain women precisely because god in the flesh , jesus christ , according to the testimony of the gospels and the earliest traditions did not include women amongst the original 12 ordained men . "
it is a little difficult to believe that jesus placed much value on the spirituality of male genitals , but if the bishops say so , it must be so .
yes paul , however you totally missed my point ; directed at the " flavor " of comments when a person of color is involved .
white guys never " get the rope " even when their crimes are much more heinous .
instead it 's the kinder approach of he must have been mentally ill ....
slide in that hoe dm 's like & # 127938;&#127938;&#127938 ;
had dna white as a snow the way you write i see hominids smarts
portland and san fran are not comparable .
prices will never be as high here , for the simple fact that we do n't have the issue of extremely limited space , we do n't have even a fraction of the high paying job base as sf , and we are actually building apartments here to meet demand , where sf is not .... partly due to lack of space , and partly due to the fact that it is unfriendly to developers due to city policies including rent control .
listen folks , they may cave on this and then tell the electorate they listened to the people and claim that we are great guys now .
i guarantee you before they do that they will have formulated an alternate tax to get us , this government has shown their stripes and they want big government and big taxes from you .
even if they change this one thing we all know their plan and it will not change because of their   socialistic ideology .
tax everyone except the really big money people .... like justin and morneau .
there will be no announcement on taxing family trusts ...... you can take that to the infrastructure bank ..... the next tax on canadians
too late .
ontario is already technically bankrupt .
when you borrow money to pay the interest on money you borrowed previously , you are bankrupt .
we are all glad you found another profession .
if you had been an experienced firefighter you would know that tree roots are weakened and organic detritus amongst cliffs and rock scree are burned away and on a steep slope you will have large trees and boulders falling down not to mention trees felled during suppression operations .
it would be negligent to allow motorists to drive underneath a slope with these conditions .
during mchugh last summer dot crews were busy for over a week clearing boulders and trees off the highway from the fire .
not to mention let 's have some respect for our firefighters , the most dangerous hazard they encountered on that fire were the motorists not paying attention and speeding no doubt ,
@xstrawberrylou than move out motherfucker , go to germany where you can take a dick in the asson the streeets , , ....
what do transgender people and pedophiles have in common ?
they are stuck in the wrong body .
< user > its ok to be gay
just spent < number > min figuring out exact loc of tea lounge on 7 th ave park slope to map it i will never get these 1 5 min back but mapping a place of my and so many others many boring fine or stellar first dates is worth it dyke gentrification cri tgis dig geog lesbian queer
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
my grammar nazi mate has recently become a born again christian now all he talks about is jesus and his twelve apostrophes
thinking about victory with big tax cute but we do n't reconize the obama administration 's works this all could be what i called it for a band aid but then again it could be so that of the game of political insanity do n't end it never be more or hold solution for us all draining the works of us all
freezing my arse off right now , so bring on the 2c , as it would allow canada a longer growing season and reduce consumption of evil fossil fuels .
i m so depressed right now 
 i m in so much pain , why ca nt a girl make me feel better ?
volunteer fireman ( 6 years ) and a reserve police officer ( 4 years ) .
not that this matters much , but grew up almost entirely on military bases , most of my family has served or is currently serving .
the only time these niggas killas is when they buss in they bitch and make em get abortions
spiritual people believe in god too , just not the one that judges you and will send you to hell if you do n't follow his rules .
if you practice this stuff longer you 'll begin to understand god better
how much are they spending on equipment made by , or at least owned by us companies ?
surely a few million dollars is chump change to a multi - national conglomerate .
the head honcho makes $ 4 m a year ! ! ! ! !
they do n't need tax breaks !
i 'll fuck you with my fingers because a mutt like yourself does n't deserve my dick
dear author , please stop being a bigot .
it is every bit as offensive for your to condemn all " white males " as it is for a neo - fascist to spew his ( or her ) judgments .
the proud boys do n't care if there are all women showings of movies .
please end your prejudice .
that 's right you inferior fag bitch ... he 's your alpha daddy and your hole is his property ... url
uh , rick ?
it 's been proven in laboratories that plants " scream " when you break away a bunch of leaves or branches including vegatables .
just because you ca n't see it , does n't mean it is n't true .
be funny to watch people try to expel muzzies from bosnia and croatia best of luck to the suicidal inclined
we ’re walking through the same time connected to each other whether i go to you or you come to me # maywardflyhigh
with trump , what you get is , undeniably really sick .
he 's a sick man - child .
his actions are those of a very sick and insecure man - child .
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
and you 're a mentally ill man pretending to be a " woman " .
have a nice day pedo
fake news .
ladies work longer hours , take training courses , work late , transfer with your job , no time off for maternity leave , sickness , stress and family .
then and only then will you havewages similar to men .
otherwise quit whining .
you sound like a girl .
thanks !
i 'm lowkey freaking out right now .
there 's plenty of other open gay people in my office , but i really have n't told anyone outside of my family ( and one of my brother 's friends who did n't take mer seriously ) that i 'm pretty freaking gay .
it's ... a weird feeling but i feel good about it .
may your gender never be neutral and you remember who you are 
 just look down and see what you got before you head out to the bar
you kno i love a slut
< user > < user > jsjsjsj i mean you are saying you do not care about kim cause you do not care about pop but it not just pop it faggot pop with elements of techno and a big appreciation for poppers and being spooky which are things u care abt specially the spooks
the nra has done more harm to gun owners than good .
at this point it looking bad for alex jones stop beating up on the retarded child alex
when ..... i ask when ........ is this march on dc
the " it gets better " campaign assures us that as time goes on issues regarding lgbt < allcaps > youth become less severe .
it 's true , by the end of highschool alot of those annoying queers had killed themselves .
man are you full of it , no order was every done by trump to ban all muslims , , never happened , only in your hate filled head .. he ordered a stay of immigration from people from certain countries , , that s it loser , , ,
bf : you are my drug .
gf : aww , you ca n’t live without me ?
bf : no , you cost too much and ruin my life .
how is asking someone to use proper pronouns forcing things on you ?
gender dysphoria affects many people , and the only way to treat it is to transition .
you also over exaggerate quite a bit .
there is n't a big chunk .
almost no one is like how you described a " big chunk " of the community to be .
most transgender people only want to be accepted for who they are .
psychopathic con man .
that 's the precedent .
why is justin bieber like a shotgun ?
give him a cock and he 'll blow .
good morning to all the new gabbers except kikes liberals fags leftists communists boomers zionists israel firstitards antifags spics and niggers because
what 's dangerous to our republic is the russians have enacted a no - fly zone over syria .
hillary publicly has said multiple times that she will impose a no - fly zone over syria to counter the russians .
such a direct confrontation will lead to thermonuclear war .
the usa is at defcon 3 , just recently upgraded .
generals on all sides are telling us we are on a war footing .
i 'm not old enough to have been through wwii , but i know from historical accounts that it was n't very fun .
as if that is even necessary to say , but it is because you supporters of hillary are n't very bright .
< user > it is your mind otherwise somewhere our male labourers work without shirts so man woman have same back there is no physical difference but according to you if woman wearing clothes like this they provoke someone to rape them मतलब victims itself accused 🤔 🤔 🤔
un*merce < censored > is just another white bitch trying to look as black as possible
they get butthurt when their religion gets criticized so they pretend atheists just do so to be edgy .
abraham was a bronze age goat herder according to your bible , do n't get mad when i point it out .
things i am scared of : 

 small red lights in dark rooms .
drive through carwashes .
large spiders .
not being able to afford blackmilk .
@wes_vl faggot
all your friends are gay .
i 'm worried that other people will make judgments about you , and ... [ lowers voice ] you should be careful , because they might try to recruit you .
i raped that test !
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
not only is my english teacher a lesbian but she also listens to tyler the creator makig her a shrine as we speak
jews have alot to answer for including the creation of fake sand nigger religions like christianity islam responsible for genociding millions of white
in that case   ​ fuck shit bitch damn cocksucker pussy asshole cunt , motherfucking dirty whore shat unto my lunch , piss cunt damn bitch suck my dick , jesus harold christ , shit bitch cocksucker goddamn motherfucker pussy asshole cunt
but christians make it so easy to mock them !
from virgin birth to bringing back to life a dead guy or claiming all humans are sinners and must give up autonomy for some unproven heaven place .
i could go on and others will and have .
but the cool thing is that great dino track !
lmfao i woke up in the middle of the night to niggas taggin me in a million stories talking bout am i the bitch for them fuck no baby
@0yasumilk i 'll make sure to re - enact a lab door opening just for you senpai if i ever see you in the hall
true but the most disgusting thing would be a muslim twerking a goat
@lisabritton @ryanafournier agree 100 % .
genders are positive features of human character and should stay individualized and separate to create a " fun , inclusive and accepting of differences " society
arabs when they go pharah url
lol .
i thought liberals said there were not any difference between men and women ?
also , that there were a million genders , with you being able to morph between them on a whim .
is it gay to have sex with your own clone
> true diversity in an egalitarian society would be a good thing lol , no .
ethnic , cultural and religious diversity destroy solidarity , cooperation and resilience in communities and foster tribalism and nepotism no matter the economic system .
most of that red is due to starvation american blacks do worship the brain dead rapper stoner lifestyle to the detriment of their own children not to mention i think they have aborted most of their possible geniuses that would have pulled themselves up from the ghetto into greatness
< user > they just some hating hoes tho lol
the whole anti - white - male underpinnings of contemporary liberalism is just one of many   irrational , pseudo - intellectual pathologies that has been adopted by the democratic party .
this pathology is a subset of the overall assault on the masculine and manhood that we find in the culture .
any culture that has such an approach to men or the masculine is sick , sick , sick .
it is this sickness that the above article advances .
we have seen what this anti - male , anti - masculine   spirit has done to the black community and what it is now doing to american culture in general .
we see that this anti - white male view is actually a form of racism against the white race in general .
this theme has infected all of liberalism and the above article with the animosity it engenders not only lacks charity but is thoroughly anti - christian .
maybe , mr. pitts , we could start with the media not jumping on the trump bandwagon and giving this clown so much free publicity --- if the donald can lie to their faces and be praised for it , what do you think lib - splaining trump is going to do for his base ?
i 'm going to lump you in with cal thomas here , and many others responsible for hijacking our news sources with the name trump --- but listen to you guys !
he 's a strongman !
he 's jesus christ !
he 's the greatest existential threat to ever face the republic !
really ?
he 's a media clown and an entertainer .
people like you have made him into a virtual demigod .
i know , leonard , it sells copy --- your editors probably make you do it .
but you ca n't very well decry the trump phenomenon while riding on its coat - tails
they are kiked the hell up nothing but filthy hooknose christ killers i do not watch any news on the tv
this is the code they hear from their fellow white male leader : " as long as * those people * are hurt worse , any amount of pain i inflict on you will preserve your status at the top " .
so as long as it 's a white man kicking them around , they 'll happily keep paying for his new shoes .
is this the same line of though that states that men rape drunk women because they were : " never taught to not rape ? "
* " yes , in the name of allah , i have direct orders from the mullahs and ( ( ( javad zarif ) ) ) to determine your coordinates .
hurry up and tell me sand nigga " * you 're the sand nigger , not me .
islam is an equity seeking ideology .
only people on the low end of the ethnic , class , and racial totem pole want equity to make up for their feeble traits .
a true nobleman would espouse aristocracy ( from aristos , aryan , i.e. noble ) as an ideal society .
you are your stupid religion of peace .
guilty as fuckin charged fuck dat white bitch
gosh !
you suck 🤮 .
learn to use coherent emojis .
i hope you are n't this bad in bed with your(~~significant other~~)self .
i could totally see you masturbating to the thought of sucking your own dick in front of a mirror ! (
after each post you make here )
as long as there are oil tax credits , fossil fuel subsidies , and funding for mega - boondoggles like juneau road and susitna hydro , hands off pfds ..
yeah but can i wear dresses if i m a man ?
sometimes i stand on grates on the side walk and let the aor blow my dreas up like i m marilyn monroe .
that 's not what a real man would do .
i can believe that blacks ( particularly young black males ) may be stopped more frequently by the police than other ' groups ' .
i 've heard that often enough elsewhere .
however i find it hard to believe people frequently make ' racist comments ' in toronto as i assume i would have witnessed some of this as i traveled around the city .
and , quite frankly , i can not recall a single instance where people directed racist comments at other people , including situations where someone got into an argument with someone else .
that truly is beautiful .
our success as citizens of the us is directly tied to the success of the citizens of mexico .
same goes for all nations .
how can we call ourselves the greatest country in the world , if we ca n't even raise our mexican sisters and brothers up ?
thank you to all the people who ' ve responded here , and to those of you who ' ve sent me pm 's about it .
great ... cool off the housing market by making it more difficult for the poorest canadians to buy while doing nothing to stop foreign money buying up canada .
if you use the word bellend there is a 100 % chance your country tried to subjugate the known world and lost to a bunch of farmers in 1776 url
i 'm sure that these kids will have a great upbringing thanks to these lullabyes .
when you 're really really really broke and hungry , you can never go wrong with pao tsin .
trust me .
proven and tested .
if we smart enough , look back to american history are this country belong to native country so that makes all of us refugees every one 's need to think about that before we hate each other more , i feel sorry for my kids to grow up see people fight for races we all have red blood .
no white no yellow no black
i agree .
you 're a boy !
boys do n't cry !
do you want people to think you 're a girl .
catherine the only place to get white kids is from white women and the only way to overcome the invasion is white kids
@alandersh just die already you worthless child molesting pos .
you judge something you do n't understand .
wespac is n't what they used to be years ago .
we could commit suicide today and no one would notice 
 but if any normies and chads are 5 minutes late to their dates tonight , it will be immediately noticed .
it seems there are some who will be sorely disappointed once again .
this " revelation " was neither treasonous nor is it something new in politics .
wait to see if there is anything unveiled soon that you can really sink your teeth in .
i say soon because for all the feverish months of digging , there is nothing .
no headline grabbing story amounted to anything .
if nothing turns up ( likely ) , brace yourselves for another 7.5 years of trump , twitter and half the country ranting for impeachment that will never come .
peope are so sick , i seriously hate this one person with a passion , chat shit but get shitty bum in person ! !
@bratavio destroyed you ! ! !
i used to go there occasionally .
it was pretty hit and miss .
they definately were savvy enough to mark up the good stuff .
i had better luck at thrift stores closer to campus .
college kids donate or sell their clothes while they 're still new and tend to be thin so i can fit in their stuff .
still , too bad .
poor sick white men who have controlled america the first 200 years can not now deal with minorities getting their just due in this nation .
they will just have to learn to live with the fact that our nation is for everyone not just for white males .
< money > says the kid was a beaner and another < money > says the driver was a beaner too
peak energy only costs more because the liberals planted that belief in the minds of people living in the gta .
ontario for decades had inexpensive hydro until the liberals came up with the green dream .
which required massive wind and solar subsidizes customers would cover via ever increasing tou rates .
hydro costs prior to the green dream were " cost averaged " .
if we dropped wind , solar and ended tou rates , and went back to " cost averaged pricing " we would be paying between 5 - 6 cents per kwh for electricity .
ironic that individuals that hate the military owe their free speech rights to the men and women who have given them the right to preach what ever garbage they like to spew .
only 7 % of the population have worn a military uniform in service to the country .
possibly those individuals that have such deep seated feelings against the military   should board a plane and fly to the middle east .
they can then use their wisdom to convince the warring groups to kiss and make up .
of course they would be putting themselves in harms way and if anything went wrong they would be hoping the us military would rescue their butts .
so you complain about fr martin being shut down and you yourself seek to shut down someone you disagree with .
there 's a word for that ...
a big size difference between a muscular alpha and his tiny twink fag slut bitch is everything .
it looks like this alpha could snap this twat 's back ... even if he did ... it would n't matter cause it 's just a hole .. url
disgraceful , a non black person using racial slurs on twitter .
will be making sure your work place know about this disgusting behaviour on twitter   @morosement url
my mom and i went to the huckleberry festival in whitefish this weekend and split a ham cheddar and veggie crepe at amazing crepes .
hi , george .
i missed you - not !
get onto the topic and quick diverting , using your liberal tactics .
yeah , holy shit .
seems like he gets pissed off if his tinder date wo n't fuck him 5 mins after showing up to his place .
this guy wreaks of creep with a possible touch of incel
putting aside the fact that she 's a kelantanese , i think there 's a more acceptable way for you to vent out your anger .
beating up a person while recording it and posting it on social media just to humiliate the man is so uncivilised .
even more basic how does someone become so incapable of articulating why something is bad in this case naziism and so uninterested in spouting anything more than retarded planted thought memes it something else to behold
so in the end   because no native man will ever be interviewed or asked what happened ,   we are left to believe the native   women were beaten to a bloody pulp   by nobody , raped by nobody ,   and murdered by nobody   unless it was by white men or   rcmp officers .
ca n't believe i found this fuckfest of a sub linked elsewhere .
holy shit you 're all a bunch of mind melted , demented faggots .
women should n't be messing with tools , anyone who has a right brain would know that .
get your progressive shit talk out of here .
fucking queers ruining society
this " i hate penises " vs. " i wish i hated penises " fight just keeps getting better and better .
never occured to them to stop treatinh an entire class of humans like the enemy , did it ?
almost like most trannies are utter failures at being men and choose to take the easy road of being a woman in current year
you must be really fucking bored to program bots solely to downvote a bunch of posts 
 are you proud of yourself ?
the social totem pole 
 ascended incels & gt ; chads & gt ; stacies & gt ; sarah 's & gt ; becky 's & gt ; self aware incels & gt ; whiteknights & gt ; beta cucks & gt ; beta cucks who have only daughters but no sons
b ruh bosnia very epic praise allah 🇧 🇦 🇧 🇦
furlong is hated because he is a white man who got away .
brain dead liberals are all the same .
cut off your own dick just to get the chance to talk to a girl .
pro feminism , more like 100 % pussy .
richard pryors album bicentennial nigger
< user > and hire illegal aliens to nanny so they can save money
then why are n’t muslim men wearing this religious symbol instead of only submissive muslim women ?
2 alphas put a bitch beta sub in his place follow @hot_cal url
olds soul says he sees dixie in springfield a lot and equates that with racism .
i see black people in springfield and equate that with improvement .
his glass is half - empty , mine is half full .
since i had a great uncle from missouri on each side of the war of southern secession or the civil war , ( depending on which uncle you talked to )   and neither of them gave a rip about slavery one way or another , i do not equate that flag with racism .
my personal experiences with black people has all been in the military with the exception of one boss i had working for the state of oregon .
i 've had black superiors and black subordinates and black equals .
none of them achieved sainthood or were demons .
some were incompetent , some were exemplary .
most were somewhere in between .
some earned their rank ; some were given extra rank as ' affirmative action ' .
when the rubber really meets the road , the losers get lost , no matter what their color .
no man should want to see they babymama struggle cuz if struggle yo kids struggle ... fuckin dummy
for most of us white males we are normal and other cultures are identity politics .
this is of course knowledge .
white male is such a powerful identity it assumes it is normal .
it is hard to find a better example of identity politics than the proud boys , or this comment .
fraternity rapers .
does this mean all gay people can meet at his house and beat him up and not be legally charged or ?
friend : : i think he likes me .
me : : well , he 's really nice .
friend : : i know this sounds bad , but i do n't like black guys .
me : : umm , what .
i do nt get it ?
i 've seen you with black guys before .
friend : : i mean making out and hooking up is fine .
but i would never date one .
i just think its not right , my parents raised me that way .
does that make me a bad person ?
me : : no , but it makes you ignorant and disrespectful .
what if he wanted more than just casual sex and making out ?
are you just going to reject him just because of that ?
friend : : i just do n't want a black boyfriend .
me : : what s the difference ?
friend : : its just weird , and awkward .
its not right .
i am a black female , and it made me feel really sad because i 've been let down by guys because of being black . "
i do nt date black girls . "
its horrible .
you 're a boy !
boys do n't cry !
do you want people to think you 're a girl .
the only person that looks like a loser is you , idk dr but he seems like a g , you seem like a fuckin chud and a grade a hoser get a life you homophobic virgin chucklefuck , either quit being a bitch and find out how to get quaaludes for yourself or buy methmaqualone or another analogue , you 're an embarrassment to yourself and to humanity
he 's a really good writer .
last pride month i knew i was bi but was n't ready to tell anyone , now i 've told my best friends so i 'm planning on going to pride with them !
my crew is big and it keeps getting bigga ' , that s 'cause jesus christ is my * nigga *
eat a dick you bunch of cucks .
if my kid is trans , it can use whatever bathroom it wants at the adoption center .
it 'll be a cold day in hell before i let any nigga or bitch walk over me .
mgtow reeks of kike subversion if you subscribe to that idea you are playing into their hand you are rejecting natural law and giving up on the biological goal of your existence you are giving up on your race and nation sort your life out or swallow a shotgun blast
by your own distorted definition of a once credible supreme court candidate , ken starr would have prosecuted broaddrick for lying under oath .
ken starr , the woman - hater you described , was also politically destroyed by the clinton machine .
you are continuing the myth circulated by james carville and all the other talking heads discredited by their boss ’s misplaced semen on a blue dress .
susan mcdougal was bill clinton ’s lover according to jim mcdougal .
after her stint in prison she was pardoned by bill clinton .
her silence saved the political careers of both bill and hillary and was prologue to hillery ’s corrupt state department stint and the couple ’s shill clinton foundation and the clinton ’s new wealth .
a 19 year old girl having sex with the most powerful man in the world in the workplace is the definition of sexual harassment .
you call this a “ consensual affair ” .
he destroyed her life without having to bite her lip as he did broaddrick .
you blame judge starr .
enough said .
fuck i want to suck every single drop of cum out of her beautiful cock then eat his cum out of her ass
go fuck yourself you narcissistic bitch
was anyone else forced to tap dance or was it just me ?
😂
it is illegal to pay people differently for the same work .
which is why your assertion that people of different genders see it from their first job offers is rubbish .
http://www.labour.gov.za/dol/downloads/legislation/acts/employment-equity/eegazette2015.pdf 

 regardless , if businesses could pay women 17 % less for exactly the same work that men do , why are n't all companies staffed entirely by women ?
the company would cut their wage bill instantly by 17 % and increase profitability instantly .
the reason is because the gap is bullshit and you are not comparing apples with apples .
i bet he was popular in the ghetto
bluepillers say women finding only 1 % of males attractive is perfectly normal , effectively admitting hypergamy and lookism are true
< number > yr ago muslims shot killed whites blacks latinos asians christians jews for the fact they were non muslim americans sanbernardino
i 'm na indian and i am happy they did it .
i know no one like this , but this , does put a smile on my face
just shows that 42 % of white women can be as ignorant , racist , misogynistic , and hateful as white men .
you have a respectometer ?
for what , the rapture ?
@fredycruz510 @babyave _ i know this is wrong but us black people make fun of white people all the time
may allah give everyone more braincells
nothing was forced on anybody .
what a tired argument you make .
the rules of the presidential election are known .
the electoral college works as intended - to make sure that the president is a president for all of the country .
if the electoral college was not in place a president could be elected by a few metropolitan areas and this is not good for the reps or dems .
look , hillary only one 16 % of the counties in the us .
( even obama was able to win the presidency by winning only 14 % , so at least he had broader support outside of metro . )
hillary was a flawed candidate ; a one trick pony ; an identity politics candidate .
for good or bad , the rules say you have to win the electoral college .
if you know that and you run for president , then you have to win the electoral college .
what the democrats should do is figure out why their message does n't play outside the urban areas ?
this election showed you ca n't be president unless your ideas play outside nyc , la county , miami - dade , et
nigger males are faggots on the down low another reason why aids figures so prominently in their ethnic grouping only the least desirable of white women settle for muh dick these women have either low self esteem daddy issues and or low iq a deadly combination for white women < user >
i love that my new job puts out credit card tips & amp;a service charge in our paychecks cause i suck at saving money & # 128514 ;
it is costly to seed a campaign .
i have no problem with candidates funding their own campaigns .
the more choices for voters , the better .
bitches pussy
when you think about it , avatar aang is kinda like my dad he ran away when i needed him the most
the niggers love the smell of grandma depends
i 'm gon na pull a timothy mcveigh on a fucking pride parade
me to a girl : are you pills without water because i 'd swallow you hard and i 'd be thirsty after doing it ... wait i swear i 'm not gay , let me try again .... are you a penis , because i wanna suck you dry .... fuck .... it always comes out wrong .
limousine libtards like the retarded asshole justin trudeau do not worry about who will move into their neighborhoods they have ways to keep out the same undesirables that they joyfully foist on ordinary people you can bet his children will never go to a public school with muslim students
i would like to have a look round too planning it for later this year just a look round looks like a beautiful country from the air ( google )
fuck off stupidpol faggot
i 'm curious as to why melania launched her legal action so much quicker than her husband , who threatened ( promised ) to sue the women who accused him of sexual assault ... 

 as for the justice 's characterization of there being no more worse slander than calling a woman a prostitute , i would suggest that wrongfully calling a woman a vile   racist would be considerably worse .
murderer .
child rapist ... all things that are much worse than an activity which , while often illegal , has been around for as long as men having been trading rocks .
or real estate .
and obama hung out with white ppl in martha vineyard on holidays not in the ghetto imagine that
hey i ' m in victoria bc looking to join email me at antoniopuffi@hotmail.com i ' m loyal white and ready to fight !
lol nfl got that nigga the fuck out of here bum ass dirty ass nigga 😂 😂
a similarity between the incel community and the transgender community 
 both communities are really obsessed with facial aesthetics , and they 're two of the only places where people regularly talk about getting plastic surgery to improve their facial aesthetics .
i bet men in their 70s shoot their cum to this little whore
how do people not understand that identifying the city where the intelligence was gathered is an enormous risk ?
you should know the answer all along i get paid to watch when it 's too hot outside for angels to fly .
my grandfather drew a drawing of mlk dying a day before it happened .
i guess you could say shit got real
< user > when white ppl are speaking for us and ignoring the fact that racism is something which exist in every country in my country white ppl were attacked and raped black ppl were slaves for us etc tweeting such bs will not end racism it only helps racism
chong and obhrai are just so holy .
i stand by @undergroundbby .
as a guy i realy do n't get we anyone would do that .
do you want kids with a woman you bearly know ?
do you want stds ?
besides the fact that is an absolute asshole behavior it is beyond stupid .
as others have pointed out , it 's a great slogan .
well you are white trash so fuck off
i 'm so glad that after years of straight white men leading the mcu , we 're seeing women , lgbtq , people of color leading the biggest franchise in history url
why are you describing yourself ?
there is a special club of hypocrites whose members include j. edgar hoover , and ted haggard ( to name a couple out of many ) .
milo yiannopoulos is part .
can you spot the link ?
all are , or were , active homosexuals who spoke out against homosexuality .
j. edgar hoover had clyde tolson .
married rev. ted haggard had sex with men .
milo yiannopoulos thinks same - sex marriage is wrong , and wishes that homosexuals would go back in the closet ( while loudly proclaiming he 's not a white supremacist for reasons i 'll let you inquisitive readers discover ) .
remember the racist skinhead , nicky crane ?
nicky crane performed in gay pornographic videos and died of aids .
there 's ambrose st john and john henry newman ( a poignant finish to their secret life together was revealed when the vatican tried to separate their remains -- buried together in the same grave -- for newman 's beatification .
the coffins had decomposed , and their bodies had finally mingled ) .
milo 's hypocritical , tawdry dragface is irredeemable .
rt @trillxlove : do this to me and we fucking asap!!!!&#128553;&#128527;&#128520;&#128166 ; https://t.co/ycjt5hnjwz
normals , why makes you think life is worth the effort ?
< user > < user > there ’ a lot of blatant racism and pure ignorance in this thread the ghetto
@sageelani i think there r enough donkeys to sell in pakistan to china .
i do n't think china likes to buy old donkeys like u. so chill dumb f*ck .
well , women deserve to be murdered .
incels should never have any consequences or repercussions .
they are entitled to be wrapped up in fluffy cotton blankets while supermodel virgin angels suck their dicks because they 're such great guys who are so misunderstood .
but women , yeah , they should be murdered , forced into slavery , beaten , tortured , you name it , they deserve it for having the audacity to be born female .
bumpas was hardly " verbally abusive " toward officer sharlow .
clearly , the masculine psychological frailty your comment both defends and displays could be an indication that many men lack the emotional stability necessary for police work , having a greater than normal propensity to lose self - control when a suspect questions the circumstances of his / her arrest .
" sports : shaggy praised for " " being a bastard " " on personal youtube channel . " "
it 's just bad manners " " says witness . "
rt @gmb_ace : if u wife a bitch den she represent u ... so dnt wife da wrong bitch
< user > < user > < user > are you implying that only minorities can be illegal aliens
" hancock says property taxes wo n’t be increased , but city officials will need to seek other federal , state and local sources to pay for his administration ’s mobility plan . "
in other words , other people 's money .
why pay for something yourself if you can con someone else into paying for it ?
welcome to our messed up government funding structure in the good ol' us of a.
you never thought you 'd put on women 's clothing before me now you 're even sucking cock for me 😂 😂 oh well it 's the only thing you know now 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️ get used to it bitch # findom url
the sheer arrogance displayed here is another reason why the right people do n't volunteer run for elected office .
i 'd have you raise your crotch up as iuse your throat as a cocksleeve while i finger fuck your cunt until you squirt or your legs give out what ever happens last before u use my grool covered to smack you tits to smack and squeeze your tits before fucking with your nipples but i 'll let you choose whether i pound your cunt or make you my analslut you can choose fuckmeat !
" " " trig identities fucked me in the ass without lube " " - @smmooth_jazz xx "
the ncr managed to publish an article on the state of current priesthood that is not outright belligerent and combative ( i ca n't remember seeing something like this in recent years ) , but it had to be ditched into the bottom drawer on the opening page , just to make sure i does not hang around too much ( other articles with more politically correct topics are kept on the front page for weeks , at times ) .
but hey , this is a step in the right direction .
i am sure the comments will do a " good " job at it :))
and ironically , you follow their example by displaying lack of character , integrity and honor in your frantically dishonest attempts to debate me .
answer the questions .
" i can tell by the points made above the author has not a clue about the mass. " 

 what rd means , of course , is " the author has a different view of the mass than i have " .
rd has this habit of confusing his own personal opinions with objective fact .
a vaccine could have prevented the illness that made this person retarded
a thought : if prostitution is the last job any woman would take when given no other options , then most men wo n't even have that last option available to them .
come on !
there is no admission in st. john 's gospel that jesus had given up on himself .
nor did he " lay down his life " simply to display his frailty or to disclose it .
he did it to take up his life again .
injecting residents with lethal doses of poison at these catholic christian homes is hardly nearing them to christ 's redemptive aim .
needless to day , if the brothers wish to drown residents in suicide , as it were , they need n't torture them with the shallow waters of the gospel .
send them to a down - reaching ocean of death in some secular institution .
suicide is legal in belgium and i am sure there are plenty of non - catholic death sites for this endgame procedure .
but why groom vulnerable residents for suicide in a catholic residential home .
my research free guesses for this increase in america : 
 * highest health care costs in the world = self medication .
* americans work more hours than citizens of any other major economy in the world = need to unwind as fast as possible in the limited time available .
* pervasive pharmaceutical advertising tells us that we need to medicate to be happy and healthy = any drug will do .
* americans have been fed a constant diet of fear and fatalism since 9/11 .
* have you seen our president ? (
this applies to one group or another since 2000 . )
* colorado is home to some of the best brews and spirits on the planet = my main reason !
oh and 5 drinks in one day at least once a week is high risk ? !
i do 4 - 5 a day , ( of course i have iowa tolerance to booze and i 'm a big guy . )
i guess i have the second hardest working liver in the galaxy !
kudos to rick sanchez for maintaining the title .
https://www.reddit.com/r/rickandmortygifs/comments/4aekjj/its_the_hardest_working_liver_in_the_galaxy_morty/
yes and my father decided to start a family here .
furthermore , my father remembers those early days of olf with jets in 1967 ... folks whining about the jet noise and yet the olf survived .
because representative settings and quality training environments matter very much 

 sadly to my shame i could n't join up either before or after 11 september 2001 due to medical reasons .
sadly also we have coer - uber - allies here at home seeking something a different generation would call ... lebensraum .
collectively with bitches
i do n't hate gay people i just kinda wanna murder them all brutally cause how dare they
dumb idiot retard
< user > i say this with love she a badass bitch
not long till the first incident of black mob violence on richard branson private island if he keeps letting hussein bongo and his crew visit they will call it little haiti
this inclusive stuff baffles me .
if i play hockey and one of players states that he is gay i 'm supposed to accept him as a teammate even though i find the thought of shoving a penis into another man 's anal canal disgusting and weird ?
the world is wacky .
" one heavily muslim school in toronto faced tough questions a few years back because menstruating girls were n’t allowed to take part in the prayer service .
there have been concerns about sexism ... what kind of islam is being preached . "
~ ` ~ 
 no kidding .
what pure primitive nonsense .. the female reproductive process is no - one 's business , especially that of ' supernatural power - mongers ' .
that may have worked in centuries past when missing females during prayer service alerted males to those females who were ready to be impregnated after cultural customary marriage rituals ; adding to the male 's pack of   multiple wives from same said culture .. 

 . .
and for the ' bigoted wunderkinds of the planet ' -- the perspective of this writer has nothing to do with " islamophobia " & everything to do with being from the enlightened north american " modern western civilization " & believing in ' personal freedom of mind .
. . .
humans playing stupid power - monger head - games -- using   ' supernatural excuses ' .
/.
sue the president over his eo and then make hi a sanctuary state .
poke the bear again and kiss all your discretionary federal aid goodbye .
save your change or eat pork and beans one night instead of going out , and give the money to a white mother .
photo crawling infant reaching out
hey , if a gay couple can force a christian who opposes homosexuality to bake a pro - gay cake , then why ca n't the klan force black bakers to create a klan cake depicting lynchings and cross burnings ?
i guess mitch is ok with a bunch of his white boys symbolically attacking a cutout of aoc url
never happen european men have been emasculated by their domineering women such as the swedes may and merkel and they have no weapons
only if you can afford it , white good areas in croydon are semi house 350.000 + a 1 bed flat is 200.000 + .
the spring is on my property .
the hill above it is not .
will the herbicide get in my spring water ?
who knows ?
very expensive to test and timing is important too , like after a heavy rain .
does the helicopter spraying near my house , orchard and vegetable garden hurt it ?
i do n't know .
the not knowing is stressful .
thanks , 4%,i did n't know that .
how far up the hill   would they go before they could spray ?
the article is dripping with envy and only takes cheap detesting shots at pattison .
it is a personal view but an extremely biased one .
i love the muslim unity amongst islamic nations how come they did not take in even one muslim refugee 🤔
intimidation , personal image ,   sexism , narcissism , arrogance , scapegoating , success at all costs .
that 's america .
the " liberals " do it with much more subtlety .
their hypocrisy and self - delusion are seemingly beyond redemption .
trump won because never in political history has one man revealed so much about so many .
and americans were very overdue to hear those truths .
sounds like you should get a job that 's marketable billy bob .
or do you honestly believe most state and muni workers are making over 200k / yr ?
i did n't actually ' grow out ' of it ...... bad mv drivers not yielding ..... much less seeing you on the road made me believe that i 'd rather live ..... and i 'm into my 60's ..... "semper fi ! "
trump voters and supporters lost the right to comment on the word “ decency ” when they decided that a self - absorbed , selfish , egocentric , mentally unstable , white supremacist , narcissistic , pathological liar , con man , thief , cheat , sexual predator , pedophile and traitor represents them and their “ values , ” with trump being their idea of a role model .
as to your question , it went when you voted to befoul the country and the white house with the king of sleaze .
bro i 'm bored then a hoe rt
libtard men are getting pap smears and libtard women are getting their peni enlarged
cough up your cash and beg .
on your knees .
i want your mouth kissing the floor .
now .
beautiful girls can make you do anything .
beg for my attention , you slut .
humiliate yourself , entertain me .
and show me how weak you are and keep begging desperately for me . #
catfishfindom url
on a pasta sauce recipe being passed down in my family , grandma ( to sister ): : someday your mom will teach you how to make it !
grandma ( to brother and me ): : and she 'll teach your wives how to make it too .
i 'm 16 , male .
my brother has shown an interest in cooking .
correct me if i 'm wrong , but when we are driving , we are obligated to obey the rules of the road .
that being the case , we have every reason to believe that everyone else is obeying the rules as well .
good driving practices include being alert and anticipating the traffic around us .
to what extent that is possible , i can ' say .
so , when driving down the freeway , it is reasonable to expect traffic in the traffic lanes to travel at the speed of other traffic .
maybe a deer jumps out or some other event causes someone to hit the brakes .
hopefully there is enough distance to stop , or there is n't a car in the next lane that would be hit if one swerves .
we do n't know why the woman stopped in a lane of traffic on the freeway , or if   nytasha had eyes forward .
i 'll bet that nytasha did n't expect the car in front of her on the freeway to stop .
no one does .
people should be able to recognize just how much we are at war when the criminally retarded are the only ones that have a voice this is what america stood as one and voted to end
perhaps if sterling was n't a child molesting felon in possession of an illegal firearm when he decided to resist arrest he 'd still be alive .
in blm minds it does n't matter if your a criminal trying to inflict harm on a peace officer , all that matters is the fact you are black .
here 's an idea , quit committing crimes and show some respect to our law enforcement officers and you wo n't get beat or shot .
quit blaming the white man for your lack of participation in a civil society .
it 's his own fault he 's dead and the only people stoking racism are the criminal apologists and white guilt liberals .
< user > i ca nt handle their white asses 😭 😭
exactly but if a white < number > years ago defended himself against a black attack then it is an epidemic
this rambling article , kind of proves his point .
ok , maybe my comment is a firing offense , i just thought it was funny .
the guy lost his job , that is the joke here .
women have become so sensitive to , male off the cuff joking around , that they have lost all sense of perspective .
get a grip ladies , you are starting to look ridiculous .
that fag is gon na cut hit hand off soon
" " " a life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing . " "
george bernard shaw # quote "
it 's all set up for us to get promoted at ipswich away .
ca n't fucking wait .
< number > it my birthday this month the supreme court is also hearing an important case starting < number > < number > re if someone can be fired for being lgbtq please do something nice for the queer folx in your life do not have any block and report homophobes on twitter there are plenty
instead of telling muslims to not go to mosques directly tackle rising islamophobia and start taking white terrorism seriously
ahh , another antisemite .
it 's so pointless to bring up bds when there are a thousand other points that would make some sense .
and our muslim puppet global elitist traitor governments keep importing these savages because they need an excuse to declare martial law if you think i am joking i remind you that martial law was declared in ma after the boston marathon bombing by muslim immigrants
ugh .
this " president " is just the worst .
no grace .
no class .
zero brains .
even doing that pose in the picture above shows what a ridiculous man he is .
why did anyone think voting for a game show host was a good idea ?
the man has zero qualifications and no experience for the job .
< user > go to bed faggot
i would like to finish this tree for posterity , so what about these terms ?
if you criticize a person of color you 're racist .
if you criticize islam you 're islamaphobic .
if you criticize the lgbt you 're a homophobe .
if you criticize christians , there 's no word for that .
if you criticize whites , there 's no word for that .
if you criticize males , no word for that either .
hmmmmm 🤔
" canadian immigration : " " you 're not in trouble .
you 're welcome to return to canada anytime .
but we 're gon na issue a warrant for you at 6 am . " " "
i think that is one of the most incredible things i 've ever heard and i will quote it everytime i have to explain queer
this is n't 4chan you dumb cunt
rt tookenglandback politics in brexit britain is now firmly divided between patriots and liberal left wing traitors patriots will make our country great again for natives liberal and left wing traitors will continue to put the needs of immigrants asylum seekers and refugees first
ok , ... and not pay your taxes , not yell fire in a crowded theater , not license your vehicle .
your line of reasoning is that of a sociopath and pathetic to boot .
no man ( or woman ) is an island , get it , or would you prefer to build your own school , highways , and runways ( for example ) ? ?
< user > marry my cousin she also needs citizenship two undocumented immigrants equal a citizen it is basic math
lol super gay it a jewish walled ghetto safe space for weev
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > go back to your tv trailer trash and listen to cnn some more any acts of violence is disgusting left or right
in real life ... 

 with all due respect ... # scaramucci looked a bit like a pornstar from the nineties 😂
46 yo virgin 
 if this passes the filter , i 'll say more .
i will # respectthepolice when cops stop shooting innocent people of color url
i 'm so fucking angry and sad n people are the worst .
i believe that every manufacturer uses the same thread for their dies and their die press .
the tone of this article is inconsistent regarding the kish 's leadership style .
are we supposed to think the kish is cool , or the kish is cruel ?
kishimoto said her leadership style can make some people uncomfortable .
“ i will always lead boldly .
i ’m mostly fearless , and you have to be when you want to make changes that are going to matter to kids in public education , ” she said . “
you ’ve got to have a little bit of a teflon back to be in this role , because it is n’t always going to be pretty .
at the same time , the work is amazing and extremely meaningful . ”
“ i like to empower leaders at various levels to really innovate , so i ’m excited that there is this mindset around doing the work that way , but now we need to figure out what that looks like , ” ki­shimoto said , “ because when we talk about innovation and empowerment , until it ’s really well defined … it ’s a vision statement . ”
i think the key point is " he is always moving his feet " and too many of the other players are mostly in glide mode .
they are only on the ice for 20 minutes a game but there is too much taking it easy in those minutes ..... until the playoffs when there is a flurry of waking up by the lazy players .
coaching these sloths must be a nightmare .
ayuna vogel ayunascode .tiptopgs honestly , any other conf i 've been to so far had more women engs than # wwdc & # 128530 ;
all the science i read says there is , with a great deal of accuracy .
" ice sheets have one particularly special property .
they allow us to go back in time and to sample accumulation , air temperature and air chemistry from another time[1 ] .
ice core records allow us to generate continuous reconstructions of past climate , going back at least 800,000 years[2 ] .
by looking at past concentrations of greenhouse gasses in layers in ice cores , scientists can calculate how modern amounts of carbon dioxide and methane compare to those of the past , and , essentially , compare past concentrations of greenhouse gasses to temperature . "
http://www.antarcticglaciers.org/glaciers-and-climate/ice-cores/ice-core-basics/ 

 800,000 - year ice - core records of atmospheric carbon dioxide ( co2 ) 
 http://cdiac.ornl.gov/trends/co2/ice_core_co2.html 

 https://www.co2.earth/co2-ice-core-data 

 281,000 more links exist on the subject from one google search .
try reading a few .
< user > look mommie a nice intelligent man is owning a hateful retarded troll
does it not also follow from these polls how little people must think of gary johnson for these results to be true ?
if johnson had anything at all to offer voters who are simply voting against someone he would be leading the race by a large margin !
but he is not .
therefore , he can not win and represents a complete waste of a vote .
clinton can not be trusted , and only offers more of what obama gave us .
trump is personally unlikable , but a strong decision maker and negotiator , delegates extremely well , and offers some changes that can help us .
he is worth a try .
a step in the right direction , the republican strategy of incarcerating the non believers is n't working out so well .
today i observed a man walking on short legs at the palmer alaska usa credit union .
i guessed that he had been a soldier injured by an ied in iraq or afghanistan , but when my friend returned to the car , i learned otherwise .
he was in a car accident caused by a girl on a phone in her car , running into him , causing him to lose his legs from the knee down .
shut off or do n't answer your phone when you 're driving .
it is hard to imagine what the idiot girl feels like , being guilty of costing the man his lower legs .
what a good carry out spot on the eastside near < number > van dyke
" " " the first thing a future world champ needs to be taught is to be lucky .
and luck is a woman you must learn to seduce . " " "
why are men actually retarded
if humans are 70 % water then africans are only 30 % human
mutilate my cock
well i 'm back
i love a female that 's hard to get , that shit cute
merry christmoose ..
well you 're not alone .
i 'm not trans , but you 're still a human and people who are n't trans will accept you .
you can do your hobbies and find those people who will just accept you for you and let you live .
as a straight white guy , i do n't care what anybody is or wants to be as long as they are happy and do n't harm others .
just keep being you and stay strong .
you will be happy and get through this .
" no woman has ever made me nut from head .. ever .. " now she in there like teana trump tryna prove you wrong .
" bisexual . "
that is how homosexualists use labels to divert the discussion away from the issue .
call it what you want , but engaging in homosexual acts - or any kind of behavior - is the issue and the sin .
again , there were n't more " gay " or " bisexual " men in ancient greece 's pederast culture : they all learned how to engage in same - sex acts .
if there was a grand theft auto east lansing you d be able to steal so many bomb ass cars from the asians probably all i would do
a hate them people that just drop you oot of nae where n then come back like nothing happened , nae chance mate
fuck the nigger bowl
magnificent , bryson !
thank you for sharing your talent .
godspeed and may you help carry our world with your gift .
the most interesting aspect of this article is the reference to " self - identified " black people .
a very curious term .
so , as a white male , if i had self - identified as black , i could have been included in the study ?
so they 're going to make it more appealing with lots of naughty words in their pro feminist , pro ethnic minority t"her"minator , complete with the lgbt-1000 .
imagine being so disconnected that you d think a dickies work shirt and some black pants are comparable to a fur suit imagine crying about optics while writing for a site that screams nigger in every title like a < number > year old on xbox love who d just found 4 chan
< user > modi is brutal a hitler copycat cold blooded murderer killed christians muslims and sikhs in thousands believes in forceful proselytism kashmiris are being raped and killed in thousands < user > < user > < user >
complete strawman argument .
how ridiculous can these comments get ?
the pretend mexican ca n't stand to see his hero doofus trump criticized .
so niggas wanna be bitches and shit wearing flowers and shit smh y' all niggas gay !
hypocrites more gems from kimmel here he has women feel his crotch to guess what he stuffed in his pants kimmel you should put your mouth on it
a # freespeechplatform just allows more freedom of expression than others , with less fear of reprisal 

 you still ca n't say whatever you want , to whomever you want , whenever you want 

 there are always those pesky little things called # laws 

 why ca n't supposedly " intelligent " people understand that ?
+3 kids eyed bet u an uglier bitch huh tubby
" " " is it saint patrick 's day or am i fucking tweaking " " "
trudeau and the liberals are just filling the senate   with useful idiots .
the level of dishonesty has sky rocketed as they tell us these men and women independent .
the fraud of it all is glaring .
oh please , call it exactly what it is liberal left on yet another tangent ....... as a woman i really am disgusted by these women using victimization as a reason for this rally ...... where was all the outrage when president clinton was hunting women in the white house , how about the kennedys ?
amazing how the double standard never gets questioned by the media .
and we know for fact these democrats were caught doing it , not ' convenient ' accusations that just happened to surface before the election .
your rally is a joke ....
safari is trash !
getting help do n't mean he wrote all her songs !
so he wrote no frauds also ?
@donaldp47082631 @hot97
woman : cries early 20th century psychiatrist : she 's mentally ill , put her in the insane asylum !
" " " my kids are crazy anymore ! " " .
anyone else infuriated with the inappropriate use of the word anymore ? !
i do n't understand ! ! ! & #
128555 ; "
less than half of a judge 's work is done in the courtroom .
the average judge works about 60 hours a week .
comedy gold if muzrat stuff is found in norse graves it is far more likely it was booty from slaughtered muzrats after going viking than proof that norse were muzrats they were not
then there are the ones who gave it up or kept silent about being raped and got left in the dust anyway natasha henstridge species and grace lee whitney yeoman rand from star trek tos for example
" what ? "
not familiar with anything but news from the liberal media ?
well you may not have paid attention .
https://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/24/us/supreme-court-immigration-obama-dapa.html?_r=0 
 http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/03/politics/supreme-court-rejects-obama-administration-request-on-immigration-orders/
this patriotic american explains beautifully the difference between african americans being snatched up and brought to america as slaves & illegal aliens floating across the rio grand and illegally crossing the southern border .
by " choice " vs by " force " url
in two years i will have a bs in medical technology .
tfw you just got wish but remember you 'll lose it • r / foreveralone
if i had a pound for every gender there was i 'd have 2 pounds and a bunch of dollars .
they 're worth less .
according the cdc , the main reason for women having abortion is convenience .
senate hearing so bad that cia drove a home depot truck into some queers in ny .
does anyone ever read the laws the oregon legislature passes ?
or the various appellate courts who actually interpret those laws ?
the bloviators here are seriously   ill - informed .
methinks white man speaketh with forked tongue ...
blacks are human we are all just human no boomer cucks and sjw parasites we are different blacks are not human nor are asians and arabs they are sub species
“ i wanna spank ur creamy ass until it turns pink ” sir i am a negro
changing diapers does not qualify as groping .
i do n't hate you carey , that is something you made up .
i hate the idea that so many of my fellow americans could n't see through the racist , bigoted mean taunting of trump .
my two professional and apolitical daughters called in tears on wednesday because they could n't believe that america could have voted for a sexual predator that they had heard and seen in action .
my mate was a clinical social worker at the va in charge of the epidemic of sexual assault raging through the ranks and now all her work is for naught as our fellow americans choose to overlook all the statements and videos of trump demeaning and mocking women .
and he did that kind of shit to virtually every demographic in america except caucasian males .
his rudeness and bully boy behavior should have been outgrown in the fourth grade but instead he used it to heighten the divisions in our country and bring out   the worst elements of our human nature .
i flew out of kontum delivering and extracting you guys from cam , and laos
start shooting these niggas , laid eaze url
" i swear my face hates me .
it 's like " " oh you have a special event tomorrow lemme just have a few thousand pimples pop up " " :))) putaaa "
mohammed deep throats like a back alley whore
just for the record is this the same journalist that wrote the article a few weeks ago telling us to mongrelise ?
damn right we are going to react when an < number > white country pushes non white actors everywhere
if those progressives hate america so much they should leave and go back their third world dumps .
" " " my kids are crazy anymore ! " " .
anyone else infuriated with the inappropriate use of the word anymore ? !
i do n't understand ! ! ! & #
128555 ; "
let me sum up , you are suggesting a strategy based on parental control and domination ...... i'm the parent , you are the kid , shut up and do what i say or you 'll be punished and sorry .
there are basically two outcomes to that strategy ....... kids whose will is broken and kids who are defiant .
not a very good strategy mr. clean up .
i am glad to say that i followed a different course and my kids are both competent and thoughtful citizens .
he is so oppressed nike is selling his shoes to his ghetto brothers for only < number >
the key issue with muslims is that they do not want to integrate into canadian culture but want canada to integrate into their culture , religious values and practices .
canada is a nation of parallel societies where each segment is looking to better position itself in terms of influence and advantage .
awww , poor poor rich people ... let me hire you a chinese virtuoso for 4 bucks to play the best sad violin music you ever heard .
better yet why do n't you pay next to nothing by stealing it off the internet .
you would n't mind paying 94 % if you made 3.5 million eh ?
guess what , what i 've mentioned here actually happened , what you 're proposing will never happen , and if it ever would , i would bet 100 hours of chinese labor that you would be crying like a devil that you have to pay 94 % . " ...
others to pay but you do n't have to pay ... "   let me tell you about this guy visiting here from poland who climbed a ladder , fell off & broke his leg ' badly ' & then incurred a $ 119,000 hospital bill which he never paid .
let me tell you something , 99 % of us are 1 - ladder - fall - away from having others pay what we can't pay .
now let me call that virtuoso for you on that cellular phone i just ca n't live without that i paid some guy from the same country a buck an hour for .
kevin ......   you just may have had too many brews .
michael i have missed you !
thank you for yet another heartwarming story .
kindness , pass it on .
the heart of the gospel message .
thank you .
you have the gift of seeing the goodness in others which is really incarnational ; thanking you for sharing that gift with us .
true !
but ever know the longer this bs war on terror goes the more high tech wonder war toys they keep coming out with ?
a republican belatedly states the glaringly obvious and waits for applause .
all that is presented in this report , extracts from e - mails and then speculating what happened , will lead to nothing .
everyone involved will deny they did anything wrong .
it was all above board and totally inline with how mckinsey and trillian as well as eskom operates .
why all this uproar ?
has any of the guptaleaks led to anyone being charged ?
people this is south africa .
we have a corrupt president , so he and his government allows anything as long as you can milk and steal money from the state ( tax payer ) it is all okay .
here was an ideal opportunity for mckinsey and trillian to make lots of money ( billions ) so why would try let the opportunity go ? ?
where there is money to get ( read steal ) the unethical guys will jump and afterwards deny they did anything wrong .
lets see what will happen .
i believe nothing .
where is anoj singh ?
siting at home getting lots of money for doing nothing .
he is just waiting for things to calm down and then go back to work .
is he going to be charged ?
no .
i 'm too broke to buy anything angry ... hot heads ai n't sexy .
calling names ai n't sexy .. how would a queen address problems ?
not wit anger
< user > text me faggot
" @shumstafa that 's fucking disgusting . " "
there 's no song called ' i kissed a trans man ' " " like ? ? ?
that 's not the point ? ? ? ? "
i had a thing for tall women back in the day .
gimme 5'10"+ and i was smitten .
as a 5'7 " ginger dude , success was few & far between .
i could n't help myself .
dem legs ....
so , no impact on non - residents who have items delivered to their colorado address .
good to know !
if we should treat trans men like real women ... then we should be able to hunt furries !
edit : meant to say trans women
medieval ?
i think paleolithic would fit better .
you must feel really great , because trump does n't put out nearly as much unsubstantiated ( lies ) crap as you do !
you da man !
toke up doooood !
who in the hell is roy williams ?
your hero ?
wait i googled it ... he 's a bassetball coach .
well that qualifies him !
trump hired a greater percentage of women , and minorities than most corporate leaders , because he was after talent , not ass kissers , and his empire shows his success .
hate on , toker !
good thing she can not you are still a cuck and she still a coal burner aka nigger lover
except white children are more often than not raped and killed by other white peolple
- you 're safe , sweet boy .
he kisses his cheek , then his dirtied knuckles , holding his hand as he tugs him along .
plenty of people work night shifts .
you 're just assuming the pedestrian was drunk or on drugs ?
real bitches only
" a sin that cries out to heaven for vengeance . "
there you go again .
what is it with you and gay people ?
was your father gay ?
did you marry a man who lied to you about his sexuality before he married you ?
was a gay person mean to you when you were little ?
what ? ?
your hysterical over - reaction is completely irrational .
had an experience today ; the hand metal detector at # millescollineshotel is only applied to locals .
i even stood for like 15 mins to intentionally watch .
and all we do is blame others for # racism .
ssmmhhh .
this black guy and this girl is fucking annoying .
only know how to yell
hopefully_i_will_always_be_too_young_for_foxnews .
london stan under attack again police suspect it was four old white women upset because they did not have enough recreational centers i would suspect liberalism and jews paying sand niggers but hey i do not have a degree in journalism
you would n't say this if you were forced to keep your rapist 's baby
sorry u retarded faggit i could not understand u try spitting the nigger cock out of ur mouth and say it again but grow a pair of balls first ur cucked faggit niggerlover attitude is just embarrassing 🖕 🙄 🖕
this is good news .
makes me a little more comfortable knowing the maintenance will be done here and not overseas .
( i still have n't forgotten the md-80s they lost in early 2000 's , due to negligent maintenance . )
ehh , there 's a lot of mouths to feed ahead of him .
jordy , cobb , adams , ty , bennett .
so he 's like the 6th weapon .
we have female professors here who educate at about < number > the capacity of their male counterparts lower iq on average lazy indolent too weak and cucked to control packs of sand niggers and regular niggers what a pity
hitler was right about jews .
i ca n't imagine how no one / country doing anything to stop those crimes in palestine .
good job for killing a 70 yr old suicidal man ?
give me a break !
a good job would have been to have prevented him from killing himself , not doing the job for him .
it is absolutely disgusting how aggressive and quick on the trigger finger police officers are today , and how both police departments and district attorneys have no moral qualms at all about killing suicidal people .
this performance by the springfield police department was a big failure .
< user > if white privilege is real why did elizabeth warren lie about being native american why are asians and jews more successful than whites please explain
@ceo_sandeep @adi_vashisthaa @zaidzamanhamid you indians remain our slave for 1000 years and now you are slaves of jewish ppl ... you ppl have no ethics no moral values neither in normal life neither in battle field .. by killing unarmed innocent civilians you stupid people think you can capture pakistan .. shamelesa nation
distracting television event for manipulating the gullible wonder how many refugees gary lineker has taken in to date
go suck that inbred white cock ya fucking faggot
6 muslim men were just shot in their mosque while they were praying by a right wing lunatic and you want to play silly bugggers know nothing it 's all the left 's fault ?
take your silly bugggers game elsewhere " thinker " .
his commandments are to serve our humanity , not his divinity .
any that are too much are not from god , especially some of the church 's teachings on gays and lesbians .
celibacy is good for one group , asexuals .
the rest can be taught monogamy , gay and straight alike .
without the appropriate training for police , there will continue to be no advice except for the personal beliefs of the officer .
terrified more like it .
" rt @dirtydenni : i needa bitch who gon lemme cheat with a bad one and tell me " " it ai n't kheatin if we both onnat " " & # 128586;&#128579 ; "
> families can continue to access faith - based activities in community venues and library staff are very happy to help anyone looking for details of where they can join these . "
so they just do n't want to host , but are happy to direct you to other places that offer the same activities .
also the gays are out to get your kids .
offset surrounded by gay niggas .
haha # offserforpridepresident
what 's the only state were being transgender is ok with parents ?
alabama
these hoes do n't like a nigga they love my money these niggas do n't like a nigga they all want some'n !
http://t.co/iugyrimr4d
there once was a fellow named mike whose podcast was easy to like he offered respect and praises to kek but hid that he d married a kike
yep communist nigger fag
@theofficertatum i 'm normally with you in the trans gender issue but this is a very tricky situation .
she / he has an extremely rare condition .
i have sympathy for her .
she did n't one day decide she wanted to be a girl .
dear little tan girl .
just happened on to your insignificant little page with your silly little internalizing .
why do n't you go for a walk , come back and look in the mirror and see if you like yourself any better .
url
not all men look at women with lust some look at children .
another rabidly racist post from an angry black male with a victim mentality looking for reparations .
finger it out and feed it to your pathetic , black cock worshipping cuck of a husband url
look at the useless limp clit on that bitch .
better get used to getting it deep slutboy , not much else you could do , you were born to serve so moan all you want cause this is your life now .
when he 's done with you stay put .. many more queuing to breed you url
queer eye is literally palatable faggotry for straight people do nt me
she screams insecurity more than the n word .
which was the intention all along , regarding obamacare .
most , if not all of the private insurers are going to drop out within the draconian measures given unto them , until their is only a single insurer left , and that is the federal government , just as intended .
socialism , marxism , at its best .
the government meant to control everything , from our own health care unto our bodies , unto our own freedoms , unto which we shall have none , without governmental approval beforehand , and only if we agree within their own ideology .
so , go ahead , hillary voters , cast said vote , but please understand that you shall not be gifted within free reign , but that you , all of you , as individuals , shall be subjected unto the same controls and tribulations as the rest of us .
welcome unto the club !
when i was going through my nursing education 22 years ago , i quickly found out in my naivety that some people assumed that i must be gay .
this was most definitely an insulting threat to my masculinity and my heterosexuality .
it did not mean i was going to nor did i sexually assault anyone .
what a bunch of bull .
okay nigger now go watch some gays putting penises in their mouths , or better yet , someone to put it in your mouth so you can shut up
poison 's a woman 's weapon , men kill with steel
trump is right .. all immigrants who arrived after 1492 should go home ! !
" would n't let michael in because he was " " starring " " you got me so fucked up ... "
it ’s a bit tricky considering that marijuana is legal in most states and its important that further studies be conducted right away because it ’s still a form of drug and its benefit outweighs its importance over the life of a child .
i found out that i ’m pregnant , thanks to conceiveeasy and yes i have terrible morning sickness .
however , i refused to treat this with a drug .
there is no such thing as ' islamophobia ' just as there is no such thing as ' naziphobia ' .
these are genuinely f*cked up people who should n't be on the same planet
like actually wth is even wrong with these people
david , 
 i know of a 12 - year - old kid now who continually ran away from home after the kid 's biological grandfather spent some time with the kid and siblings .
it took the kid 's parents a few months to connect the dots .
the grandfather was questioned .
the grandfather admitted to doing some rather disturbing things to the kid ( the now 12 - year - old ) .
grandfather got charged and convicted with the crime .
he 's doing several years in prison .
the entire family tree is still upset a few years later .
david , sounds like you can save the family some big - time counseling money by doing your own treatment on the kid .
give me a phone number or address and i 'll see if the parents want you to meet the kid .
you only need one meeting for a few minutes , and the kid ( and maybe the entire family ) will be perfect , right ?
let me know .
i ca n't imagine someone would actually downplay a kid 's long term , severe , negative response as a victim of molestation .
or am i missing something from you ?
thank you
" rt @dirtydenni : i needa bitch who gon lemme cheat with a bad one and tell me " " it ai n't kheatin if we both onnat " " & # 128586;&#128579 ; "
if one were to take the opinion of the globe at face value , we should just listen to the feminists and keep all men locked up in cages from birth and exterminate the ones with poor genes that express masculinity .
because , hey .
men only invented : space travel , computers , smart phones , facebook , the internet , the car , electricity , light bulbs , concrete condo towers , electrical transformers , and defended the freedom of the world .
what good are we , we 're just a bunch of peices of crap .
ugh .
i 'm tired of reading this feminist crap .
< user > no its gay
why do they have savings ( surplus ) to start with and why are they borrowing money ?
they should be running on less then they take .
sorry margaret - i have to disagree .
in my neck of the woods , a small cottage on a smaller lake near windermere , ontario , we 've seen fewer monarchs ( 1 ) and fewer bumble bees ( 0 ) than last year .
lots of birds though - chickadees , nuthatches , finches , woodpeckers , blue jays , hummingbirds , turkey vultures , ravens , ducks , sea gulls and unfortunately some canada geese .
also , heard a loon last weekend .
but no monarchs or bees at the flowers in the garden and that 's sad .
" she argues that when black women 's stories are taken into account , we see how white supremacy morphed , manifesting itself in language that racialized gender and class , ultimately leading poor whites and white women to elevate whiteness as their primary identity and put blacks out of office and in the back of the train car . "
we see this today in electoral politics .
poor white repeatedly vote against their own interests and vote republican because it is consider the white people 's party .
prison based on more crimanl issue inside it to drugs to even to murders and rapes on same sex and sometime by officers but facts are that once transgender men go to femail sides it will be a miss among our prison as it already is over same sex rapes that heppen in there that breads out homosexual .
i have a fun historical fact for you guys .
the company that made the raggedy ann doll tried to make a doll to promote lgbt rights .
needless to say faggoty ann was not succesful .
black person hey tha white moderates shh you are adding fuel to the fire what would rosa do
canada needs : 

 more- canadian millionaires 

 less-   demented ( fake / racist / envious / financiallychallenged ) doctors
largest " foreign holder " ... 

 you get the point .
or maybe not .
when water stops running and bodies stack up in the streets , people lose hope .
rants about divine intervention and rapture are no longer enough , people look for scapegoats : blacks , immigrants , jews , gays , you name it .
and the pogroms start . #
adamsbloodthemovie # virus # rip
i 've been feelin ' my brown vibes a lot lately like i have n't watched a bollywood movie in years & amp ; i 've watched 1 a day for the past 3 days
@pinkrocktopus he should get a vasectomy or have his testicles removed .
this will prevent his rape babies from being aborted .
i say that because nobody would willingly have sex with this person .
black people are some of the best people i ’ve ever met anyone   who locks this is racist lmao
yeah , it 's only white men shooting people .
nothing going on in chicago or mountain view .
i would assume the same health insurer that is flying him home .
black is ... one of my favorite xbox games .
brokeback mountain .
oh wait , no you 've definitely seen that already .
btw- you 're quite the professional asshole op !
randomly glanced at a few of your comments and just wanted to pop in and say ' go fuck yourself ' on behalf of the rest of the world .
you are the worst .
do better .
i 'll save you the trouble of throwing a tantrum and calling me a retarded ' fag ' or your other favourite ' fucktard ' and let you know right now that this fucktarded faggot has your number .
( got it from a bathroom stall )
blue tide - tell your senator and house rep to vote against the bill ! !
oh the countless opportunities for fraud and shenanigans .
mail theft comes immediately to mind .
this is such a terrible idea .
white ppl ruin everything url
some people will hate you talk about you then they see you and show respect
so what have you alt right anti semitic homophobic beta cucks done but cost votes and give the left their bogey men ps none of you are alpha males you are beta cucks who virtue signal by calling people gay to hide all the dicks you cram down your throats
a similarity between the incel community and the transgender community 
 both communities are really obsessed with facial aesthetics , and they 're two of the only places where people regularly talk about getting plastic surgery to improve their facial aesthetics .
hell yeah i 'd fuck the shit out of that pretty little pussy .
a cbc series ?
biased ?
no kidding ? ...
political correctness trumps history .
and we all should know that " us " ( as in " the story of us " ) means first nations , not " us " filthy old white european men .
nah i know baron always looks mad but baron looks soooo pissed kdjdkd
dedicated to teaching , discussing and collaborating about creating learning solutions
what do transgender people and pedophiles have in common ?
they are stuck in the wrong body .
homegirls attention you must pay so listen close to what i say do not take this as no simple rhyme because this typa shit happens all the time what would you do if a broke nigga came by would you fuck em or would you deny
wish i could breathe through my nose , but i ca n't use nasal spray anymore because i got addicted again and now i 'm dealing with the rebound
youtube - mayor of boston sends welcome to gay / transgender youth event kids attend prom from ' sexual hell ' you wo n't believe how children as young as 12 years old partied family advocates are outraged by a prom held at boston city hall that was open to children apparently as young as 12 featuring crossdressers , homosexual heavy petting , suspected drug use and a leather - clad doorman who teaches sexual bondage classes .
almost as if their sexuality does nt matter when they 're fighting hoards of zombies 😂
so you really want to go back to the depths of the bush economic collapse and great recession ?
to the heights of the bush wars ?
to neighborhoods with more squatters than owner - occupants ?
those really are what we had before the passage of the aca , since you brought the issue up .
.
more relevantly , we had massive numbers of bankruptcies ( even before the collapse ) caused by medical bills , insurance denied due to pre - existing conditions , unrealistically low lifetime caps on benefits , and all those other problems and abuses which have been addressed by the aca .
islamic men are cowards !
url
moderate moslem < number >
< user > whitegenocide means much more than eliminating people of white skin pigment it also means the destruction of the culture of freedom moral clarity what there is of it and human progress only whites in principle advance those ideas
slide in that hoe dm 's like & # 127938;&#127938;&#127938 ;
watching those videos makes me feel like i m going to explode with hatred for those creatures .
i just received some texts that i should have gotten during the national championship and boy was that a rush to read
scum should n't be allowed have kids !
islam will not stop being violent even if the whole world is muslim it will only degrade from jihadist violence to sectarian violence as it has in all muslim countries so far
how many of those are false reports though ?
and how many are just from serial rapists ?
so you 're willing to say that humans should stop reproducing , cause us to go into an economic and societal collapse just because you estimate that 1 % of men do something terrible ?
that 's the thought process of a retard .
do n't punish the many for the actions of a few .
it 's fabulous to think that even in the 21st century we still have a few good germans who are willing to bring down nuclear armageddon " next week " on the whim of a madman .
is it weird that i do not mind the anti semitism that i have seen on gab use of the word kike never had any weight to me also there only < number > million of us in the world and billions hate us how can we control anything
the incident orlando left everyone crying besides the parents of the victims .
rather amused at the uneducated criticism i 'm hearing about from gamergate .
they think a nonprofit means i wo n't have to pay taxes .
when they fuck up so bad , that 's when they begin to care
" without a clear front - runner in the campaign ... " 
  translation : it 's a horse race , and we 're going to sell lots of papers !
weeeeeeee !
i am the biggest faggot cunt
come in your car , come on the bus , crawl out of your box , every tranny , woman , and cisgendered male has a claim on the impeachment of this fool !
just bring your own hypodermic needles
at what age should you consider yourself an incel ?
this is going to be a better finale than how i met your mother , one way or another .
his rise lives matter .
this is a good idea if you are bankster you will make out like a bandit ,   or if you a politican you can use the short term money to waste on pet projects to by votes for a few elections .
for everyone else ,   like the users and the taxpayers it would be a diasester .
i am not an immigration expert but in many countries having an offspring ( and financial independence ) is enough for a family visa .
good luck , stay strong !
you 're still a fucking loser faggot
we support all individuals regardless of sex or gender identity ...
as long as they are pro - white and follow board guidelines , i can put up with their ` ` spin '' ... as long as they 'll put up with mine .
i 'm off out to a metal show , this is what my knees looked like after the last death metal show i went too ...
my dad has written my sister out of his inheritance because his words no daughter of mine is gon na be a mudshark and date a nigger burn the coal pay the toll i guess 🤷 ‍ ♂ ️
hah a big lol to all the tacky faggots
i saw this porno once where the black guy had a nicer butt than the white bitch he was beating on not me
it 's sad that being a logical , scientifically literate person does nt offer the same protections as religion .
all hail , satan !
it 's april fools day .
assume all news is fake today .
yeah .
like that should be a problem . #
maga3x#draintheswamp#freemilo & # 128056;&#127479;&#127482 ;
do you accept barack obama as your white brother meghan markle as your white sister and yet your step brother or step sister is treated as your bio family right we accept them as part of black fam but most caucasians do not accept half whites as white fam sad
i swear the people cleaning the office switch what side the trash vs recycling cans are on on purpose to mess with me .
how was having sex like my first football game ?
i was all bruised and bloody after , but at least my dad came .
< user > you ’ re correct soros was a nazi
< user > this is the queer discourse equivalent of white lives matter like if you are not being actively discriminated against just do not worry about it y know being straight is literally the easiest thing on earth
a fun time for my friends and me to reflect on progress that has been made and celebrate how far we 've come while bringing awareness to things that are still issues for many lgbtq+ people in the world
not you limpeh .
it 's just some aunties and uncles damn funny , please educate ha .
you are not a girl b*tch !
i do n't show my face because i want my art to be the main focus .
if that means people calling me ugly then it 's whatever , my arts beautiful .
diversity is our strength
is it too much to ask for the rg to display the date / time / channel for this game where i do n't have to search deep for it ?
display the basic info please .
it okay to be white it okay to be black it okay to be asian it okay to be a woman it okay to be a man it okay to be gay it okay to be straight you all taste the same
presbyterian ladies & - head rowing coach url # job # croydon
it 's not only the left who impinge on academic freedom although they attempt to block campus speakers twice as often as the right .
violence should not be used as a means to shut down discussion however some on the left , wrongly , think it is the only means to change .
those on the right seldom see the need for violence because the current political agenda supports their philosophy .
on the other hand america has a president who encouraged violence at his campaign rallies and views it as an acceptable practice thus setting a bad example for all .
where did pope benedict point this out , in what magisterial document ?
the example pope benedict gave was a male prostitute using a condom to protect his client .
obviously in such a situation the condom would not be a contraceptive .
the pope was in no way condoning sexual activity between two males which is gravely sinful in itself .
do you think we should bring back segregation but for incels and non - incels ?
because these cucks will blame anyone but themselves for their inability to get their dicks wet .
a gay nigga will rip ur kneecap off and use it to make himself a bowl of cereal and feed it to you them niggas is too powerful
baltimore bitches knuckles be black as shit ... don't @ me
senate hearing so bad that cia drove a home depot truck into some queers in ny .
i do not know it does not matter anyway i only have < money > but i would jump into a sewer before i swam in a pool or anything with a nigger i mean wtf are ppl thinking 🙄
i 'd leave you bruised broken and crying .
tie you up and beat you before filling your pussy full of cum .
what do you call a white guy with a big dick ?
michael jackson .
gay communists
dick stockton has been fooled into thinking a white hot dog wrapper blowing in the wind is a penalty flag multiple times today
god i love being white .
my friend lives in gdansk and he told me almost everyone in his city was white with the exception of some foreign students and a chinese man who owns a dive bar .
hijabs and burkas are to hide scars from abuse and acid burns to women from men who think they own them if you wear them or are ok with women wearing them you have to admit you are ok with abusing women
i have tall guy privilege ... but i ' m always banging my head on the shower ceiling .
" alternatives : hyundai tucson , kia sportage , vw tiguan , mazda cx-5 " they all sound better than what was described here .
for me your comment takes the cake .
you were not disrespected !
if you served the country we are proud of you and thank you for your service .
do n't get your panties in a bunch .
this protest is not about our military .
it about how america(some folks who are americans ) treat and allow mistreatment of it 's citizens namely police behavior towards black and brown men .
if you need a good dog , you ca n't beat a bull terrier , strong , loyal , great with kids , and have a bite pressure of up to 5000 lbs per square inch , compared to a rottweiller which is 500 lbs per square inch .
sarge2506 .
typical reaction from mean spiteful god fearing people right sylvia !
showing your christian ways i bet .
such mean people a person died a horrible death who gives a crap who she slept with 
  or if he she was a man or woman or she is left right .
i would n't wish that kind of death on my worst enemy .
pathetic mean people .
disgusting
you stupid retarded bitch
proud of president trump told < number > muslin nations we are partners in fight against radical islamic terrorism but usa not doing it alone
ultimate gay felch compilation - pigs lick barebacked ass and suck cum part 1 url
many serial killers and all - around psychopaths looked like totally normal people until it was too late .
i have four daughters , all of which played volleyball and wore the uniform .
i 've known the man who is having his character assassinated in these comments for 30 years .
most of you are entirely ridiculous in your assumptions .
i forgive you for your ignorance ...   however that is what is on display here .
complete and total ignorance in a public comment thread on a newspapers website .
i do n't normally comment on such an article , maybe some of   you should take a cue from that example and shut your ignorant mouths , you know nothing !
are not we muslims stopshiitevictimization
i am here and i am not queer so too bad for the internet then
if anything would stall an investigation of trump 's collusion with russia , it would be war with russia .
100 % this ^ .
it is totally understandable to feel this way .
it 's definitely from within for me too as a brown person .
@b_scheich & # 128072;&#128166 ; salute a bad bitch
its 2019 .
everything is racist and you must get mad at all things .
because femininity is so horrible !
@jonnyg313 i 'm not sexist but if a dude cries because of a girl in a wedding dress then he has a vagina
i still refuse to believe that brian eno ever fucked around with coldplay that was an imposter
when will african americans get it that , an entire black cast is getting used to make the hidden natzi sines , the left are very tricky and you ve got the dems , in the media lieing again , on africans name ! !
lmaoo yeah real funny dumbass like i said usually when blacks place a real interest in a sport they tend to excel in it because blacks are more athletic than whites anything measurable yet
i agree there is a new aggressive ugly vile trend in pornography however it features white women being beaten raped sodomized degraded and pissed on often by blacks or mexicans while their white husbands watch nothing new i know but now it is more popular than ever not good
men are ugly and deserve to die
my transgender friend was diagnosed with cancer she has more hair on her mustache than her head
there are about a billion people on the planet who 'd love to trade places with you
what do you get when throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtqbbq
king abdullah of jordan has agreed to open the first refugee tent city to accept the refugees currently stuck in greece and italy because hungary and poland wo nt take them for eight years obama said jordan would never accept refugees trump maga freedomcaucus
why would he be gone after next year ?
his term runs through the 2020 election .
guardamerican draws the line at the sanctity of life unlike your gosnell crowd ethno cleansing blacks more than any nazi ever dreamed that your side the kk venezuela socialism euthenasia all you libs love death conservatives value life
what incentive would prompt north korea to cooperate " ... unless it denuclearizes and gives up its weapons of mass destruction . " ?
it sure did n't help saddam hussein or muammar gaddafi from u.s.-inspired regime change .
but having a nuclear capability has prevented war and invasion invasion of israel , iran , russia , china , india and pakistan .
no , dogs are not part of nature .
they 're domesticated animals .
does n't take a biologist to see that -- they've been subjected to generations of selective breeding ( this involves extensive culling of ' nonconforming ' pups , btw ) .
all it takes is a set of eyes .
dogs are definitely not ' non - gmo ' , unless you 're prepared to argue that chihuahuas are conspecific with timber wolves .
mammalogists do n't think so .
that 's why they classify the former ( and similar strains ) as canis familiaris and the latter as c. lupis .
what 's really interesting is that the drastic physical and physiological modifications to c. familiaris could initially have been accomplished in as little as half a century .
consider the russians ' work with gray foxes -- urocyon cinereoargenteus : 

 http://www.auburn.edu/academic/classes/biol/5090/boyd/captivity_effects.pdf
youtube - mayor of boston sends welcome to gay / transgender youth event kids attend prom from ' sexual hell ' you wo n't believe how children as young as 12 years old partied family advocates are outraged by a prom held at boston city hall that was open to children apparently as young as 12 featuring crossdressers , homosexual heavy petting , suspected drug use and a leather - clad doorman who teaches sexual bondage classes .
before one can come in as first , the must be third and second place prior to their goal .
you 're either a male or female , ya retarded piece of frog eating cunt
lets grasp at straws rather than face the obvious cause of the disparity , black men are arrested for things that white men are not arrested for .
it seems that what i wanted to convey the outstanding movie works has finally become the current standard .
someday , i 'm going to drink & amp ; start submitting pull requests to various foss projects ' makefiles to play fitting theme music during a build .
that seems like a misleading generalization i heard black women do not like giving oral i bet the black gays do though and the dl guys probably do so prob < number > < number > tops
< user > < user > but i m a good goy i dindu nuffin
a beautiful friend inside and out .
you will be missed greatly ... much love to the family
it was funded by soros threu move on violence was always part of their plan the women movement was created to help pass the era not mutate into bs < user >
visual representation of how retarded bitches are url
this is literally apartheid propaganda .
at least the actual south african bourgeoisie would contradict themselves afterwards by telling tales of their heroic great - grandparents slaying the savage blacks on the battlefield .
and crooked christy and co wonder why they lost so many seats in the lower mainland : 
 the bc libs became increasingly arrogant and tone deaf to the fears and worries of those ( esp middle incomers ) who ca n't afford a home and/or are worried about reno - victions and spiralling rent costs ( fixed term leases not being addressed with useless housing minister rich coleman saying it 's a '' complicated issue'' ... smh) .... instead was their platform was to just join in the fab wave of economic success and the spillover would be for all ... not ! .
he talks alot about both of those subjects never once does n't he start talking about white suprem stuff .
can you link a video of the exact one where he 's acting racist ?
shoutout to the voltron cosplayers at wagaya i guess
@filonin2 talking like that you must be a rectal thermometer .
a blow hard without an ability to learn something new .
lot of people that way these days .
too smart to learn , to stupid to know better .
today the people delve too greedily and too deep into theology .
i 'm talking science not christianity , todays swastika .
learning with an open mind and a closed mouth makes all the difference .
hate to break it to you , but khadr is dirt .
the man is an admitted terrorist who attacked and killed our allies .
he belongs in jail .
my whole tl after jooheon 's " baksu " became a hot topic : url
why is this a surprise ?
the laity has lost trust in the bishops after their cover - up role in the clergy abuse scandal ( plus their over - the - top lifestyles ) .
how can we take moral guidance from men who have betrayed our moral trust to protect the reputation of their institution ?
i see a parallel within the church to what we just saw manifested in the election of mr. trump : the people are mad as hell and they 're not going to take it any more .
bishops : it 's a wake - up call !
how many millions has this fool already cost canadian taxpayers by dragging this out   - an honorable man would resign - let 's apply a little common sense and help him out the door [ albeit tragically still on the taxpayers dime ,   forever ....
this recent episode of # posefx is so powerful .
so many black trans women are dying and we must do something about it .
liberal bystanders write variations on the theme of apoplexy , contempt and despair as the now substantiated   allegations of   obama - assisted surveillance on the   trump campaign invoke memories of nixonian paranoia and   confirm   mccarthyism in the service of the 21st century democratic party .
true enough we all try to use less .
that the mayor appointed a 30 year old xanthia limberg as mmc for water is a crass decision .
listening to the youngster , who has never had a real job , is embarrassing , but she is loyal to de lille .
< user > this reminds me of this one pic from the 1 8 0 0 depicting a chronic masturbator as retarded lmao
@jisoos_blink aye dat shit was not called for u mad ova a rap hoe youn evn know u gotta be a troll son of all da shit you cud of said u went afta someone deceased .
i hope u get a parasite in yo dick i hope u get a virus n loose all yo muscles i hope yo nxt nigga give u aids !
shrimp dick
sir number 1 i do n't know how you think gays crashed the google servers but that 's hilarious and number 2 shut up grandpa it 's pride month suck my cock url
this is why men do n't talk about being sexually abused .
bbc journalist is it really a crime if < number > or < number > pakistani moslem men have sex at the same time with a young white british child whose been drugged the girl parents might have voted for brexit
yeah .
you wrote that comment already .
in the other one you said d- .
i guess they unposted one of your comments , huh ?
so , when does the new linkin park album ... drop ?
i wonder how many illegal immigrants will still seek sanctuary in california lol
incest banter was being thrown around and niggers actually went out of their way to beat their cousins cheeks 😭 url
@yourdudeferg gay fags
i have heard that and have read that verse in the bible that is arabs muslim is a religion and muhamid is the prophet of alah the koran is their book which is not of the god of abraham
i will ask but i doubt she will go for your ghetto trash ass when she could get a black dick that attached to someone with money instead of a crack habit
yes all men disappoint eventually .
i voted liberal and i thought electoral reform was their worst idea .
like many voters i 'm glad they are taking the time to let canadians know the options and make the right choice .
i think she was just a thottie and banging him
trans people do n't need hrt to be seen as valid to others , we need it to feel comfortable in our own bodies regardless of what others think of us .
more arabs have perished fighting among themselves than those in the war with israel and still goes on
you do n't watch much tv .
the man from mars would think that most people here are black , in the power positions , and dominant over those around them .
what few white women exist are red heads and children are worshiped .
how was having sex like my first football game ?
i was all bruised and bloody after , but at least my dad came .
his humor is saying edgy offensive shit that he knows will get under peoples ' skin .
haha i said faggot , haha i said nigga , haha slightly artistic , haha i said retard .
he told me to start studying german in the summer , reassuring me that its not too hard and that it 's similar to arabic
pakistan : offended muslims riot after trump cut the $ 200 million aid - now they hate america for free url
go back to your cave of taquitos and mt .
dew , neck beard , this is last response you ll get out of me .
enjoy knowing the only pleasure you draw in life is from pretending this kind of behavior gives you any power , i m sure your mother is proud in hell . ;)
your sense of humor does not line up with mine , that is for sure .
anyone flashing gang signs is typically not law respectful folks .
some of the most vicious gangs are white , and motorcycle gangs and ms 13 ( hispanic / latino ... ) 

 doubt me ?
then read the fbi - under both president obama and now president trump .
https://www.fbi.gov/stats-services/publications/2011-national-gang-threat-assessment 

 so next ?
for the black guy , gang affiliate argument just got reduced to what it is .
nothing except an attempt to play victim via the race card .
shameful .
karen straughan just got asked for her opinion on privilege on tvo .
this fuckin asshat tried to hook me last night with his flat earth jews holocaust commie nonsense i told him what i thought of him and muted his stupid ass fuck flatearth dipshits
i love trannys because ... they cook , they clean , and you can beat them once in a while .
and if they call the cops , who are they gon na believe .
me or a guy wearing a wig .
you 're going to old compton street ?
you want to be careful , it 's queer city up that way .
more complete and utter nonsense from balki .
there is no problem with masculinity , males , powerful males , straight males , etc .
none whatsoever .
there are a few people committing illegal , unlawful , immoral and unauthorized acts against other people .
end of story .
stop labeling all men , or all powerful men , or geeks ?
really geeks ? ?
" deep down the geek knows ? "
are you f&cking kidding me balki ?
now you are labeling , berating , mocking , discrediting , vilifying , stigmatizing an entire class of people , young men who work in technology , because a handful of people acted inappropriately ?
out of millions ?
do you read your own crap ?
" empowered after centuries of having sand kicked in their faces , too many tech geeks are asserting their newfound dominance over women repeatedly and repulsively " ? ? ? ?
you are a sick person .
your stories are garbage .
this entire discussion is sad , pathetic and symptomatic of the spiraling demise of the mainstream media as it will soon be formerly known .
how do you feel about minorities ?
go fuck your couch in mom 's basement incel
@miso_supu i hope the christians attack you
mexican women talk good in bed how do mexicans talk
do not ban islam just make supporting political islam embarrassing if you do support it you are labelled a parvenu a numbskull a thicko a moron make it not just unacceptable but laughable < number > virgins in heaven for killing virgins how stupid are you you poor thing manchester
you make us bengalis proud 😂 😂 its in the blood my man !
@unrulysixx wayne a certified goat .
pusha not eem inna same league stop playin
one of the tiniest pussies i 've ever seen .
hopefully there 's a big cock to fuck it daily
if i ever have a transgender kid they can use whatever bathroom they want .. ... at the adoption center .
otterbein 's production of damn yankees was so incredible i could 've sworn it was all professionals , i recommend everyone go see it ! !
@montaga reparations ?
what about the native americans like myself , our family has suffered from the start of this country .
this land was stolen from us !
imagine if it was your home and families that were ripped apart !
1666 massacre   please google that !
attempted genocide ! ,
rape !
murder !
can someone explain to me how @voxday is a philosopher ?
and let 's hope that the all of the supreme court justices remember that heir roe is to protect the constitution , and not to side reflexively with that awful man in the president 's office .
while that man was out here judging us & calling us whores he def forgot that his mom was skinning out busting her pussy wide open to create his ass .
he 's a waste of space and i wish his mother would have swallowed
you stupid cucks and losers are seriously starting to piss me off .
if you want to impress me , send .
thats the only way .
and we all know you really want to fucking impress me .
and i really want to beat up your balls until they 're blue .
# findom # domme # cbt # torture # paypig # domme url
trump should just save everyone the hassle and move the white house to israel .
besides metallica 's new album , i have n't bought a mainstream album in like a year .
you do realise that if toronto did secede from ontario that other than ottawa you would have saskatchewan on a bad day ?
factoid : toronto is responsible for 22 % of canada 's gdp .
it could quite adequately operate as a separate district or better yet , country .
the issues that toronto faces are not simply a surprisingly incompetent city council , but the continued interference by both provincial and federal governments and the continual drain of toronto taxes to outside projects adds to the mess as well .
you combine this with reality disconnect of the left leaning voters who refuse to accept the reality that the city is collapsing directly due to the unreal expectations that they should not pay any taxes for any services and you have a real mess to deal with .
the only simple answer to this would be a biological die off of the entire 416/905 area and start all over with the infrastructure intact .
folks , if you wanted to see an ultimate definition of delusional thought , one need only look at this column .
the new york times , and crazed , liberal journalists engage in a self - indulgent brand of wishful thinking and then try to call it journalism .
do n't be fooled .
this desperate bunch of leftist hacks are just trying to live in a sound - proof bubble as their once - upon - a - time heir apparent has imploded , and that has all occurred as a result of her own web of lies , obfuscations , obstruction of justice , and the sociopathic tendency to lie without even giving a thought to owning up and taking responsibility for her negligence , recklessness and lawlessness .
hillary seems incapable of putting the best interest of the american people above her own delusions , ambition and tone - deaf devotion to programs and policies which have been an unmitigated disaster for the working - class tax - paying american people .
if trump winstuesday(and he will ) , our long national nightmare will be over .
arrest them at the border and put them in cages .
here is the part i do not get sweden drove assange to the embassy because they wanted to pursue a rape prosecution against him yet they look the other way when their native women are savagely raped and brutalized by immigrant animals why
go shit in your own mouth incel
trump banning transgender people from the military is completely unfair to america 's enemies .
@imrankhanpti thankyou sir for rebuilding our hindu temples in pak .
when you 're thinking about our ( your)hindus , you 're also thinking our culture too.@narendramodi @vhpap
temp:14.0 ° c wind:3.1 mph n light air .
pressure:1007.6 hpa falling autoforecast : fairly fine , showery later
# paisavasool it 's time to such awesome offers .
rs 29 for 4 km in chennai , pune , bangalore @uber_india
yeah this is exactly what i mean .
calling nearly half the country a bunch of racist , sexist , homophobic , and transphobic people is not a winning strategy in a democracy which is a literal popularity contest .
> they put mexican children in cages for god 's sake .
all politicians put people of all ages and nationalities in cages .
it 's what governments do .
do you think mexican children were never locked in cages before trump and his band of racists put them there ?
and why do you care so more about them than the american children in cages ?
is it worse that their mexican ?
you should fuck off , you retarded twink twat
fuck you and your america .
i am a texan , bitch .
i come from the greatest land on earth .
i do n't care what color you are if you line up with this pos you are a pos too .
fucking miscreant .
white supremacists are already enlisted , for a chance to kill brown people for ideological reasons .
not only is that horrifying in and of itself , but that evil always eventually comes back home to roost .
url
" " " you & amp ; me , we 're under the same sky but we ca n't meet , but believe in me , i 'll be there for you " " & # 128420 ; "
i can only assume that our govts are corrupted by saudi qatari money and in return have promised to put muslims above every non muslim citizen that the only thing that makes sense which means next ge we have to elect an uncorrupted govt
hey bitch what 's up bitch suck my dick bitch url
stop doing everything israel demands
fake bitch .
truthbender does not not " acquired " 
 how about " occupied " temporarily until the palestinians and allies come to their senses 
 abandon the idea of annihilating israel 
 and make peace 
 then the occupation ends 
 - 
 the ball is in the court of the palestinians and allies
< user > < user > please adress this bernie family was killed in the holocaust this anti semite should be fired
if you ’ re a grown fucking adult asking your parents for money you ’ re a shitty human being and i hate your guts
well if you see something on bitchute saying kill all white people please let us know and we will treat that the same
parents , do you know where your children are and what they are doing ?
looks like the slavs where up to no good again
and bitch all of 15 secs what was you on ?
not shit bitch stfu you on here acting tuff bitch gone
orange pills . . .
hahahahahahaha
boot this man out on his withering , old , wrinkling , delusional pompous balding ass .
you know , i hate to say it , but some older men look dignified , handsome , experienced and grandfatherly , but this guy , well he looks like he 's on his last leg and should be put down .
definitely , looks like a creeper ! !
and " your poor wife ? "
i 'm sure she is ashamed and embarrassed by your comments .
however , i 'm more concerned with your poor victims who you further added humiliation , judgement , shame and embarrassment .
but you are only sorry for your wife .
i 'm sorry too .
this judge needs to be removed from court .
frankly , i think he needs to pay fines to these victims that he said this too .
saying sorry when you are caught is meaningless .
you 're only sorry you got caught .
you can show you 're sorry with a personal check to these individuals as a financial token of your apology .
unbelievable you let these victims be further traumatized by the court and legal system that is supposed to protect them .
hi been looking round for a while on this site and finally got round to registering .
nice to see a place where we can openly discuss our beliefs .
why you talking to hoes about bro nem ? ! & #
128548 ;
< number > yr ago muslims shot killed whites blacks latinos asians christians jews for the fact they were non muslim americans sanbernardino
" @unholy_jack : these harbor bitches are all " party bus hoes " " lol all ?
naturalization in early america was limited primarily to those who had been formed by western civilization especially since we had a problem with the muzzies in tripoli our way of life was informed by the universal principles of the declaration
@stonecold2050 inbred .
the test results pretty closely reflect our result on the nationwide naep testing -- where we are dead last or very near the bottom in almost every key category
she looks like the kind of person that lets her man go fuck other chicks because she 's not good enough in bed
a fan gets creative with artwork of # wangyibo and # xiaozhan 's characters in # theuntamed by painting in metal bowls !
watch till the end for the full artwork and a little surprise 😉 # 陈情令 # 王一博 # 肖战 url
i like my bitches bad wit a lil attitude
my doctor told me i should stay as far away as possible from trans fats i ' m going to miss tumblr .
if y' all tryna jump on the sex bandwagon , we can go there too .
sex can be just as bad as masturbation if it 's not used the right way 🤷 🏽‍ ♂ ️ you ca n't be out here fucking everybody & wonder why you mentally unstable 😂 them evil spirits real .
at this point his dick already out imma yank and squeeze the shit out of that muhfucka see if it 's funny then biiitch .
then kick him when he 's down for being a trash ass person all around
a muslim in sweden asked for isis donations for < number > years on facebook and his account was not deleted
hey < user > will you need jews to figure out how to implement your retarded mars colonization plan
when u see the the picture of the vid it say gaymes with james what gaymes
i think men are too womanly nowadays , and women are too manly 
 and that 's why gender is no longer real .
you would n't know what to do with a pussy even if it smack you in the face and say lick my clit .
url
nothing to be embarrased when the fossil fuel industry in canada gets 3.3 billion in subsidies from the government .
the only education that you will have is my white superior cock , fucking nigger slut .
@medit8now @chriscoons the nazis did this , they dehumanized the jews so much they considered them vermin and then there was one solution .
these people are that close to building gas chambers
there 's new holocaust taking place right fucking now , and we 're doing nothing .
" indescribably hideous " – # china 's harvesting of uyghur muslim organs — @cjwerleman for @bylinetimes url url
i hate our society .
sensitive bunch a cunts .
get over it .
hahahhahaha i swear to god i can never catch a fucking break
be boomer grow up when access to information is heavily controlled along comes internet age have the world at your finger tips believe things even more retarded than when info was controlled
< user > fuck you and your anti white blood libel
what s that useless bit of skin on the end of a penis ?
the man . (
most likely a repost idk )
the website to check if your name has been hacked by entering 6 digit ssn is a joke .
it looks like a poorly designed phishing ploy set up by the same people who are doing the nigerian million dollar scams .
no wonder executives sold shares weeks ago before this news came out .
bring on the class action lawsuits ! !
< user > < user > but you said you like guys that what gays do
when i asked a glasgow life staff gym member at xercise4less what they do to uphold eq2010 single sex safe space in their massive female changing room i was fobbed off and warded away from further investigation using the threat i may be speaking ' hate speech " url
add that in the rest of the free world americans are increasingly being viewed as irrelevant .
an emerging view now is that any country that could elect someone as obviously flawed and out of touch with global reality as trump ca n't be taken seriously , with the exit of the paris agreement as exhibit 1 .
in the long run we are all dead good one john maynard you childless faggot fraud i hope you are being raped by flaming demons in the abyss
how to piss off a conservative : " oh , so you want a safe space away from lgbt people , crossdressers , and immigrants ?
fuckin ' snowflakes . "
maybe toronto will get its streetcars now .
mainly that when i tell people " oh i 'm not really attracted to any one gender , just kinda people " ( my copy - paste response to questions about my attraction ) it does n't mean that i 'm sexually attracted to everyone and would just lay down and let anyone have a go at my genitals .
as much as i love when non - lgbt people have genuine curiosity in my lgbt stuff , i really dislike it when they assume i want to have sex with them just because i 'm not bothered by gender .
i will x him out the fucking picture but you wo nt tell me his nammmmeee
media if you keep calling moderate muslims terrorists you will just end up radicalizing them same media there absolutely no downside to calling all right wing white people nazis
you 're going to old compton street ?
you want to be careful , it 's queer city up that way .
i am for equality in the law for all people white black red yellow and blue .
homo 's hetero 's well i draw the line ... http://t.co/ugzyrtkabw
< user > i have worshipped her since i have memory bc it is my job as a queer
she 's not a girl she 's a fucking whale .
glad to see her get harpooned .
wow , neal 's last comments show a very unusual trait in such a successful person : true self - examination and ruthless honesty .
frankly , i think it was player inexperience , greatly exacerbated by a slew of injuries , that was responsible for the extremely unusual sub - par performance of the secondary .
this year , with greater depth and a scheme that should take a lot of tackling responsibility off the slighter than linebacker - shoulders , our secondary should return to the caliber that has been a treasure trove of future nfl stars .
it is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop , than with a brawling woman in a wide house .
pro 21:9 kjv
b. s. let 's see the replace part of repeal and replace .
the amount of normies in this sub is too damn high 
 1200 users viewing 

 mode pls make it private
did you register an account on this site just to call these people white supremacists / call them stupid ?
as muich as i love playing stupid shit if i get < number > retards locking dps imma throw that game as well
not exactly an anti pitbull goy but chimping out and calling someone a kike over it is fucking retarded wignats are fragile and emotional spergs
u / bluememeboi ur the most moronic idiotic motherfucker in the world ! ! !
you have 0 iq and everything you say is totally wrong ! ! !
you really deserve to get raped and killed and you sucks ass ! ! !
go kill yourself ! ! !
< number > keep awaiting word of commie movement against his statue in nashville it would be a dangerous and stupid thing for them to attempt even in the west nashville ghetto they live in
where your article tries to switch the truth to make the narrative what you want it to be , proving that yu are as bad as the rest of the corrupt news agencies ! !
for if you were honest you would have accounted for the truth about crimes for the fact remains and people that aint liberal sheep will see this ! !
that even though the blacks only make up 13 % of the population they commit more then80 % of all crime and your 6 % of black men committed 60 % of all murders ! ! !
thus what do you say about them being targeted now ? ? ?
if it wernt for your dishonest behavior you would not be a liberal news agency ! ! !
you all suck and you are the biggest problem in this country .
maybe if you had some integrity you would not be such worthless scum ! !
i love how south african women go so hard for each other because nobody especially cishet black men is gon na back us like us
do n't you just love it when russia gives friendly advice .
and it 's always slanted to give them a helping hand in their machinations .
the reason canada , as part of nato , is going to latvia is to keep the terrorists out that overran the ukraine .
morning faggots and men sexualsundays letshavesex findom double dd100 cashfagsuk01 kik sessions < user > findom
men are trash .
women are trash .
humans are trashing this world .
how many levels of boomer retard is this
i dunno where does this h < user > on j3ws come from among msian muslims like to even idolise h tler i m just speechless
what an nfl 😂 all this over a racist black thug in furgeson who lied about a white police officer for fun the same injustice that blm supposedly stands against 😂 how many racist policemen were defending ft mchenry when our anthem was written makes sense huh 😂
< user > dick pics from the muslimes and sexual violence from sikhs and hindus
no uber or lyft in china ?
< user > it ’ also homophobic
bitch how you like my nigga picture but don ’ t like mine 🤔 🤔 it ’ clearly the same picture of my son
i hope we meet one day thanks for making a little more hopeful every time you smile , love you @linzzmorgan
trump / supporters / liberals / supporters .
this moment in time is a grain of sand in the big picture .
our involvement & passion will determine the future .
anyone who was spreading the splc lie that anglin had absconded with the legal fund donations should be looked upon with extreme suspicion and shunned i recall some faggot called < user > being very vocal about this
james woods < user > without immigration democrats would cease to exist anybody who has lived under democrat rule understands they actually have no platform neal boortz why do democrats fight merit based immigration because immigrants with merit are not likely to become democrats
when amazon opened its distribution center in aurora to new employees , they newbies did not come from arizona , new mexico , california , kansas , wyoming , utah , or kansas .
the new hires came from different parts of denver , aurora , and surrounding communities .
people receiving lesser wages moving up a rung or two .
the mythical belief that the state will be flooded with 50,000 strangers is beyond comprehension .
< user > < user > cuz ppl r not taught the full history usage it lessens understanding of why it so offensive a history literature teacher sayin nigger coon spick wetback towelhead chink when examining racial disparity events is different then self proclaimed racist saying same words
so good with money these jews are i see why we are only < number > trillion in debt oy mcvay
this family that wants to complain about gays should come to san francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in san francisco openly blasphemied christ with their parody of ' the last supper ` ` as their poster for their last event .
you went racist because your fat white girls kept dumping you for black guys .
actually , it was before then .
@dejungle _ @rosiemotene men are literally the weaker species .
statistically they have a much shorter lifespan than women in every country , culture and race .
women are actually superior .
oh my fucking god earl sweatshirt and danny brown are going to perform in dubai but the event is 21 + fuck my life
we have awoke and to be plenty more rich than just a short period of time ago is refreshing .
we just have to put up with some of th worst traffic in n. america .
the fact that our native language , english will soon be the least spoken here , we will have to accept that our newcomers continue to crave shark fin soup and elephant tusks .
in addition we as boomers do nt care about the milleniums who have 400 k plus mortgage ..... because our homes make us wealthy .
its also nice to pay higher and higher property taxes to support the privaledged few who are on the municipal and provincial dole .
did i miss anything ............. oh yes .... the houseing prices .
please drop to modest levels .
larry , i 've noticed how often you throw out the term " sexual predator enabler " for hrc .
although i would agree that her husband 's antics were disgusting , they all consisted of two consenting adults .
hrc had to deal with the very public humiliation as best she could , but " enabler " is not fair .
by contrast , you defend an actual thrice accused rapist .
not just marital infidelity , he brags openly about that , but violent , hair pulling forcible rape including an ex - wife and a 13 year old child .
ok by you , larry ?
your blinders are as thick as lead plates .
if i had a dollar for ever gender .
< repeat > i 'd have $ < number >
what do you call a dog with no legs ?
it does n't matter , he 's not coming no matter what you call him .
you must be really fucking bored to program bots solely to downvote a bunch of posts 
 are you proud of yourself ?
take them all down .
i do n't care if they 're black white democrat republican whatever .
he is a white conservative male .
that defines racist to his legions of enemies .
dnfjskasn i went to my first pride parade it was so fun but so hot and also filled with so much love 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 ❤ ️ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜
he pissed off amy dumbowski .
if there is any upside it is that .
not standing for the national anthem is unforgivable .
to be upset about a man not standing for the recitation of an ad campaign for a bible company in the 1950 's is just pathetic .
i would take 12 flynns not standing for the pledge of allegiance over 1 amy dembowski thumping her bible in self righteous , self aggrandizing narcissism with one hand over the lump of bigoted homophobic coal in her chest .
fuck israel 😠
please join the # istandwithzakzaky twitter storm today by 4 pm ( nigerian time ) .
this is a trend against the recent " proscription " of the islamic movement in nigeria .
share widely   thank you @adeyanjudeji @tutsy22 @knewkeed @abdulmahmud01 @austynzogs @segalink url
the british empire robbed the palestinian land for the wandering jews
daily reminder that with the jews you lose do not believe me just ask jesus
anti muslim hatred on indian national tv hindu leader pandit ajay gautam covered his eyes because he does nt want to see the face of khalid , a muslim news presenter .
# india # islamophobia url
nobody was the right to tell you what to do with your body !
| 
 that is the fun - damental   right and freedom of all humans .
| 
 not the government , society , your friends , your family , your wife or husband .
| 
 women won the right to abortion years ago , they won the right not a be a mother ; a sex object .
men are still fighting for the right not be objects of production .
mostly it is men who use drugs , men who are expected to work .
that is the sin .
that is why men in canada live 10 years less then women , they are expected to be human machines and not complain .
|
i need more gay friends 🏳 ️ ‍ 🌈
she s the man of all women
i got game for you young hoes do not grow to be a dumb hoe that a no no
do women like it though when their men show off that u r theirs ?
e.g. him smacking or grabbing your pretty bottom ?
send those fucking retarded third workd freeloaders back to their own shitholes they made their beds now they can lie in them
why are guys and smarties alike ?
they both pretend to make you smart to get into girls mouths .
do n't recall anyone celebrating homosexual behavior .
but then i do n't obsess on things that are n't of interest to me .
< user > yea both sides need to stop being retarded
i was fine with obama deporting illegal aliens ... many , many illegal aliens .
so why am i against trump doing the same thing ?
well , it comes down to the details .
obama instructed agents to focus on illegal immigrants involved in other crime , which seems smart ... given limited resources , try to maximize the benefit of each alien deported .
but now i read stories of parents grabbed while dropping children off at school , dreamers ( people brought here as kids ) dumped into a country they know nothing about .
maybe this was commonplace under obama ( go ahead and educate me if so ) , but these actions do n't seem to be making the world or america a better place .
and the wall ?
a showpiece , in my opinion .
who do you think is killing the women its the male nativees and we got ta hear about this morning noon and night .......
the new cancer drug campath is priced as follows : united states : $ 2,400 france : $ 760 sweden $ 660 britain $ 570 italy $ 500 .
so your answer is less , much much less .
the problem alceste is that given his position and the scrutiny that he would come under , as is evident today , it would have prudent to err on the side of caution .
as a lawyer i would have thought you would have been familiar with that advice .
what did he have to lose if he had gone the extra step ?
both them bitches bad but the white bitch badder
yeah , i want more black folks to allign with asian people .
but i feel like the relationship is very distant , if that makes sense .
i see alot of asians in blm rallies , that 's cool and all , but more black people should talk about asian issues and how can they help .
you guys should check out this site called lipstick alley , they talk about the asian community , i do n't know why bf are so woke when it comes to this issue , even more than some af in the west lol
" i 'll make these dudes cut parts of their dicks off , but telling them to stop slavery would be unreasonable ! "
> you would n't tell a lesbian she 's missing out on relationships with men because that 's super gross and disrespectful .
i 've in fact done that very thing .
numerous times .
led to some fun bedroom encounters .
and yes , i think " aro " people are missing out .
he has n't done anything yet to merit protests , has he ?
shut up you fucking tranny
great cock , would love to pound your ass as you fuck my wife
i believe in equal rights for gay people , but i wish they would n't kiss in public .
it 's gross .
wah wah ... i'm a beta cuck incel and i do n't like the mean girls winning championships .
where 's my tiki torch i want to go shoot up a school .
please no one look at my tiny penis ... my youtube name is captain america because i 'm secretly super gay for men in spandex .
< user > < user > ew you ghetto girls 🤢 🤢 🤢 all you big built hoes always wanna mash up cute girls like me 🙈 🙈 🙈 🙈 🙈
these dog ass hoes fuck whoever up next
oh yeah i forgot that germans have no personality and just go with the flow like a pack of sheep .
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
all white boys do is lie and punch walls
good idea to release that info just on general principals but do not kid yourself fam detroit ghetto ain t giving up on john conyers they will re elect that old dope for as long as he wants to run good to have conyers around as example of dem corruption for propaganda purposes tho
i 'm sure he means fluted barrel ...
can men please stop shooting people for a goddamn second ?
not so .
- the love of god is unchanging .
- the will of god is unchanging .
- our nature is unchanging .
male , female , rational soul , free will .
all to be used to serve the good .
- our inclination to sin - to do our own thing , to make up our own commandments , to reject the cross , to vanity , to love of comfort - is ever present and needs to be battled with god at our side .
it keeps us humble , and allows god more " room to work within " us , helping us to grow in his love , using all the means he has given us , which includes the sacraments .
the holy mass is our peeking into a " constant mass " that is underway in heaven all the " time " .
it 's not our creation .
i 'm not a " mass " trender .
i do n't latch on to the acronyms of mass that you do above .
the very first latin mass i 've gone to since i was a young man was yesterday , for the feast of the exaltation of the holy cross .
well here 's some lyrics from one of his most recent hits " rap god " : 

 i 'll still be able to break a motherfuckin ' table 
 over the back of a couple of faggots , and crack it in half 
 only realized it was ironic , i was signed to aftermath after the fact 

 you fags think it 's all a game , ' til i walk a flock of flames 
 off a plank and , tell me what in the fuck are you thinkin ' ?
little gay - looking boy 
 so gay i can barely say it with a straight face , looking boy 
 you 're witnessing a massacre 
 like you 're watching a church gathering take place , looking boy 
 " oy vey , that boy 's gay ! " ,
that 's all they say , looking boy 

 just to come and shoot ya , like when fabolous made ray j mad 
 'cause fab said he looked like a fag at mayweather 's pad 
 singin ' to a man while they played piano 

 but fuck it , life 's handin ' you lemons , make lemonade then !
but if i ca n't batter the women 
 how the fuck am i supposed to bake them a cake then ?
one for good measure : 
 do n't be a retard – be a king ?
think not
if you see your " homeboys " doing this then you 're part of the problem url
deuteronomy 6:4 , psalm 83:18 , john 17:3 , galatians 3:20 these scriptures show that there is only one god & amp ; no trinity
just remember that the bitch commie girlies and their low iq muds are going to slink beneath the shield of the cuckservatives and alt lite when their independent operation folds like a congolese coup then we will have our civil war with someone who can fight
i told my american friend to smoke a fag when he gets stressed he shot up an orlando nightclub .
how many ways can you spell homophobia ?
here is yet another example !
url
oh man , we 've got to stop electing these horrid fools .
just sell it in drug stores , if it 's so ' medicinal ' .
there is already a massive medical drug distribution system in ontario - why the need for special distribution for weed ?
real serious corruption / incompetence going on here .
how are we standing for this nonsense ?
if i ever have a transgender kid they can use whatever bathroom they want .. ... at the adoption center .
all you bitches can choke on a bag of cocks
sorry , but to blame siemian as the primary problem and simply slipping in a new qb and then magic , good offense is clearly not supported by most sports sources or reality .
and by the way , i ’m pretty sure every player on that offensive line is probably paid more bucks than siemian .
is siemian worse than the other q b ’s on the team ?
i do n’t either one of us is qualified to make that assessment .
< number > sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me < number > wah not my president i am triggered you are a rayciss xenophobe homophobe islamophobe biggoted cisgendered white male i need a safe space to crawl off to and be a big pussy in
" if only krugman 's contention about the long standing dominance of " " free market orthodoxy " " were true , maybe we 'd all be much richer "
spirituality does not preclude physical or mental impairments .
sad .
jokes on her , i do nt sends and do nt fuck for free , in fact i do nt fuck at all
question do greeks know how to tie nooses because i have yet to hear anything about niggers or sand niggers rapefugees getting lynched 😂
it is fitting that we are now seeing these strong women speaking out and trying to fix problems that others are uncertain of how to tackle .
took a bite out that hoe and eggs and cheese came out & # 128557 ; the disrespect .
i was like wtf is this ! ? & #
129314 ;
depressed guy makes post in r / askwomenadvice , gets absolutely shit on for being an ugly male
" paper was invented in china .... long after marco polo brought back gunpowder and pasta - but long before any other europeans ever ventured anywhere near china again . "
paper was invented in china around 100 bce - that 's more than a thousand years before marco polo was even born .
it had made its way to india , japan and korea by around 600 ce and to the islamic scholars in west asia some 400 years before polo 's birth .
it 's not really a big leap to see how paper - already widespread across asia well before polo - would have found its way eventually to europe .
i 'm not saying they * did n't * get it from africa ( i believe paper could be bought at high price from egypt during that period ) , but rather your facts about marco polo , the development of paper and europeans in china are sadly lacking .
eg : there are recorded journeys of europeans ( after polo ) to china and the far east from the 1300s through to the 1600s ( there was no near-1000 year gap between polo and the next european explorer ) .
do n't waste good pussy on a trash ass nigga
ethnic diversity is what makes our armed forces and our nation so strong , thanks for your service from a us army veteran with 23 years of service .
commentators are pathethic soyboys sucking the womens ass
what 's the hardest part about rape ?
admitting it was a woman who did it .
@babsdraws ta dah :p ( also ... can i get the name of the anime for the black short haired girlll ) url
i should also have a say in how my tax dollars are spent towards education , especially since i have children .
taxes are paid , in numerous ways , by all taxpayers .
you are but one of many millions .
the difference is you wish to deny others the choice .
you wish to deny me a say in how my money 's spent , and that 's not acceptable .
it 's not like public schools will go out of business , they 'd just have to compete to provide an adequate education .
and that , despite the discriminatory roots of our public education system .
i 'd also spare the aggrieved hype on who benefits .... i 'm aware of families that do n't fit your stereotype , who wish they had the choice .
we know , but trump 's kids are all married to or dating jews and he 's expressed his full support of thelgbt community and gay marriage even if he is not out waving the fag rag in fag pride parades .
that 's why i hate working on school days ... be fucking up my schedule
i protect my children just fine .
a few mkultra shootings do n't scare real men into giving away their rights .
how would you defend yourself faggot ?
i find it interesting that in the first vote , the people americans might identify as " most foreign " based on skin color were the ones voted as " not christian " .
coincidence ?
could it indicate a subconscious bias ( or maybe even a conscious one ) ?
< user > < user > this is why no one likes ugly faggots out of my sight you roach
hah a big lol to all the tacky faggots
i do n't understand bisexuals .
why ca n't they just pick a side ?
deuteronomy 6:4 , psalm 83:18 , john 17:3 , galatians 3:20 these scriptures show that there is only one god & amp ; no trinity
solid evidence that " top house democrats " consider their voters idiots .
keep it up men , you 've already dug yourselves a giant electoral hole .
dig it deeper .
the country can only improve .
" .. and if it is not overturned our whole judicial system will be deemed a court of jesters . "
well , i do n't want to say i told you so ... it just might be that they are more qualified to render a decision than even you .
why respect this presidency if you are not going to respect the ( diverse ) judiciary ?
no , i like that you 're bi .
it 's hot !
since when are tax loss carry forwards " tax dodging " ?
humans being locked in cages .
to see these people , coming to america in search of a better life , treated in such inhumane conditions .
this is heart - wrenching .
this is wrong .
this is not who we are .
this has to end .
now .
url
" words do n't kill . "
but they have proven to wound ( psychological abuse ) and if words are n't a weapon , why was michelle carter convicted of involuntary manslaughter for telling her younger boyfriend to get back in his truck and commit suicide ?
god will judge those who do not accept the defense of his son for every word they say .
matt 12:36 .
bet no one warns you about that !
i have a problem with mumbling stuff under my breath .
but at least i 've been warned about it and fight with the habit .
< user > < user > white coats come along ma am hillary oh i seem to have lost a shoe white coats come along ma am
@conflictsw @cmellaniac correction- turkey attack against pkk sdf ypg terrorists are so not brutal as it was against islamic state which is clearly showing that they are friends each other and enemy of islam .
this is is just a show to world nothing else .
thank god for donald trump !
hope you all get deported !
what kind of military does mexico have ?
deport all the criminals , keep the hard working immagrant men and women with families here , they are an assett to this country .
but the thugs , criminals need to go !
los angeles looks like a 3rd world country .
can not even help our own people because the system is being bogged down by illegal criminals that want to fly their own flag !
i mean who do you think you are ?
enough is enough !
game over !
ty mr. trump !
remember : when # god is in your mission , destinations come to fruition .
stay # encouraged . #
god bless you
i feel so full of ambition lately it 's craaaazy .
your mind rewards you when you cut out toxic people from your life i swear & # 128514 ;
bitch bitch bitch .
super bitch
< user > to say nothing of the proliferation of nazi parties post wall fall versus nonexistence before
" democrats angry at report of clinton ’s influence over dnc " 
 " republicans ok with russian influence in us election "
i 'm off out to a metal show , this is what my knees looked like after the last death metal show i went too ...
+3 kids eyed bet u an uglier bitch huh tubby
looks like an aborted fetus that got bashed in the face with a shovel mid - way through gender reassignment .
what is it with you lowiq idiots you can not speak the language so why do you even try to i do not even have the slightest clue what that ghetto language you wrote means in actual english please do not call yourself white it embarrassing
khan can suck the shit off the syphilitic dicks of his moslem pedo brothers uk cops can lick up the mess never rotherham rochdale rape jihad sharia creep islamo facism white genocide christiangenocide never islam 14 words
< user > < user > hear u really are retarded
judges are not free to express personal political opinions in court !
they are expected to show impartiality or the system does n't work .
the article is good , as far as it goes .
but as is already mentioned here , the real issue is not the share price of our precious banks , it is the corruption involved .
tax evasion , money brought here that drives the crazy property prices , citizenship for sale , a federal government in the back pocket of a dictatorship , and so on .
when banks help rich folk , and companies , from all over , to evade taxes , we all lose .
if jt really wants to act on inequality , cut property prices , restore growth , and as a bonus , collect more tax $ $ $ , he could act on this by enforcing the law .
it kills me when men say women should take " i 'd fuck her " as a compliment and not objectification when men will literally fuck an apple pie .
when the illegals were crossing the border in the dead of winter , every media outlet and those that comment on the story speculated that when the it got warmer the numbers would increase , so the government had to know this .
building tent encampments at the last minute , housing them in a complex in cornwall , then moving them out into tents and then back again , is not a plan that suggests they were prepared .
when the pm offered his welcome to all , that 's what heard , they did n't hear the later statements about respecting the rules , and why would they .
there have been many pictures of the r.c.m.p welcoming the illegals helping them with their luggage etc , and all of this pictures found their way to others wanting to come .
those already here have no doubt contacted their friend and relatives , and have told them that canada is very welcoming , setting them up with housing and financial assistance .
the pm opened the door , and the government was   unprepared for the numbers who walked through .
obama allowed the cia a free hand in syria resulting in the absolute jihadi chaos which benefited the worthless kikes this is how we ended up backing moderate kebab that behead < number > year old christian kids trump ended this and allowed russia to massacre the sandniggers you are fucking retarded
their is many great things a person can do in life and still have a great life with out religion .
you 're either a male or female , ya retarded piece of frog eating cunt
what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench ?
the nba .
the taliban is n't going to have to kill us , they just need to wait around for the white supremacists to wipe us out .
my parents said they 're gon na make us all learn a rap on vacay for family bonding ... can they be any more white ?
rt @90sperk : i am fucking meeting shawn august 11th
seeing niglets playing niggerball in the middle of the street is just part and parcel of living in a multiracial society
< user > listen i don ’ t lie but yeah yeah i don ’ t hate you just strongly dislike you at times
here we go again for an umpteenth time ; white cops shooting a mentally ill black man .
shoot to wound damn it !
if you 're that bad of a shot then you do n't belong on a police force .
idk how to act when guys actually treat me the way i deserve ?
like what do you mean you do n't /just/ wanna fuck me ? ?
toot n daad saved the world not for justice but because the world is his bitch toot n daad
m0xyy is some weird autist kid in a grown baby body with poop stuck to his diaper .
url
yeah ​ as long as he 's not fighting a mexican or mexican american , we manny
i am making no argument .
i 'm stating a fact that i house the same number of people i did 10 years ago .
with the same number of units .
you can put as much ire on me as you wish , but you can not blame me for the homeless population growth .
if you make a nigga cum off head you the devil
💩 straight men doing it in the butt 💩 doing it in the gay hole makes you at least a little bit more than < number > gay does not it c mon be honest
kill xirself you tranny sjw
your children are literally being raped by invaders encouraged by your leaders go fuck yourself you delusional faggot
trash like her do n't deserve anything
it is better to dwell in a corner of the housetop , than with a brawling woman in a wide house .
pro 21:9 kjv
alwayswithyoushehnaaz shehnazianslovemahivij ourheartsidnaaz five hundred seventy one
sitting in this hot ass classroom ghetto af 🥱
a white guy running food cart that sells " latin " chicken ?
what are latinos not good enough for wweek to make latin chicken ?
philbert and tommy are now lgbt+ icons .
at least i have fewer chromosomes than you , bitch
23 years old and i want a fake id for the fuq of it .
someone dm me their plug number i want a south carolina id
your posts have no substance .
men in black = holy .
how dangerously stupid .
< user > the difference is the fat nazi screaming propaganda and vitamins
i held a bingo game in iraq .
when i said,"b-52 ! " .
everyone left .
i mean , we all knew the left ca n't meme .
now we 're 100 % sure of it .
catherine the only place to get white kids is from white women and the only way to overcome the invasion is white kids
that fuckin beaner guard is an illegal and they was gon na have him kill paddock before and prevent the massacre then praise illegals in the news as heros but he brown so he fucked it up i m calling it
sarah palin : wrong af for 12 years and counting .
apparently after unc and oregon play the national champ game is immediately next .
according to tyler ..... # helpme
i 'm gassier denna fk & amp ; he wants to be around me .
even after i told him my auntie was visiting .
love him for that but he 's still irri . #
love
lovely picture i just wanna know that how people see interracial marriage in these years .
i am asian btw so i do n't know anything about racism or history .
just curious about this , i wanna feel the atmosphere throughout your story .
< user > hopefully he ’ okay cause if he kills his self or something i ’ m blaming it on twitch like the shit twitch does is just retarded now
that is retarded check out these < number > from oz if you have not already < user > < user >
ur following the autistic foot steps of dr. michael burry
what 's the difference between a nigger and a trans person ?
you can still sell the nigger , noone wants to buy the tranny .
well yeah , he 's got ta move them to iran .
i do n't understand bisexuals .
why ca n't they just pick a side ?
no excuse for us not to offer refugee status to white refugees in south africa
before you arrived , love was just a four letter word .
then you 're here and were giving me the definition of love , true love .
thankyou , love
was it caused by mossad dressed as iranians ?
< user > he a fucking faggy kike oh yeah bill mitchell got it as well he turned on the alt right yesterday as well saying white genocide and jq were conspiracy theories
yeah if you do not support my corrupt multiculti globo homo military run by a corrupt government controlled by jews then you have no balls brilliant
nonwhite americans have literally * died * protecting your freedom .
show some respect , you entitled , ungrateful asshole .
< user > < user > i fucking hate you so much 😂 😂 😂
just to let the arabs in israel know today is day < number > of the < number > day rage back to goat fucking
" on the " flip - side " , donald trump is , imo , a disgusting human being , an altogether indecent man .
i 'm ashamed to have him as our president and would never have him or anyone like him as a friend .
gary crum " 


 funny ..... half of america felt exactly the same way about hillary who went out of her way to attack all us " deplorables " as evil sub - humans not worthy to be citizens of this country .
for all your pious talk about fake non - violence ..... you supported that vile woman and gave the other half no other choice but to vote for trump 
 pretty sure trump would never have you or anyone like you as a friend either gary .
we survived obama ....... you will survive trump
who still argue in < number > that ’ ghetto 🙄 😒
ewh fuckboy does n't deserve to live .
ca n't imagine the public reaction to every stupid thing i 've ever said in private .
but , man , this one was a doozy .
and if it 's true she accidentally made her comment public , then that 's got to be the dumbest thing she ever did .
all said , you 've got to be a little bit mean at heart to make fun of an overweight old lady .
perhaps she 'll run into some snarky 20 - something when she is in her 70s , and the karmic balance will be restored .
lol i think that what pedos want is to fuck kids not stimulate their ass
as a person of largely scottish descent , i demand that any indigenous person wishing to wear a kilt , learn to play the bagpipes or attend a robbie burns dinner , consult me before doing so to obtain my permission .
@fortnitegame why do nt u fucking vault the robot u fucking retarded ass niggas
fuck this stupid woman .
figure skating ladies and pairs eff the queers
that 's gay .
if you 're new and on orientation , do n't open up the doors on my truck and start pummeling me with questions .
it 's too early for that shit .
we should act like comrades 
 sometimes i find posts here and everyone want to be offensive and bitter ... 

 we all know the blackpill is real , but can we stop the toxicity between us and actually start supporting ourselves like brothers ?
go fuck yourself you narcissistic bitch
yet here you are being triggered like the utter faggot you are
do not put your gab mug in the dishwasher the gab decal is not dishwasher safe 😢 < user > < user > edit only the black gab mug does this the white one will not thanks for the replacement gab ♥
yo a weak ass weak ass weak ass bitch
i 'm supposed to write my statement of diversity- but i 'm not a minority , i was n't poor growing up , i 've never been raped ...
@kreider_jan @kimguilfoyle everything is about color these days and with these people .
hey harry summat for you to learn niggers gon na nig
i will literally drag that faggot ass twink
just for the record is this the same journalist that wrote the article a few weeks ago telling us to mongrelise ?
are you completely insane vargas ?
trump is a man - baby doing everything he can to provoke a war .
what needs to be done is for congress to take away any ability he has of pressing buttons if somebody hurts his fee - fees .
i can respect that .
no pretending to want more than a casual fuck .
no games .
no begging or reeing when turned down .
it 's embarrassing to be with someone like that , but i think it 's more second hand cringe than anything .
it 's the guys who expect bobs and vegene photos for basic social niceties on social media and at least a blow job for coffee / dinner then reee and mgtow when they 're turned down that are horrible people .
yas bitch hit that synthesizer and bass
your suggestion about texas and arizona does n't hold water .
both have relatively high rates of gun deaths , with arizona 's being 14th highest with 14.1 per 100,000 .
texas is at 11.7 per 100,000 , and has had 14 instances since 1966 where at least 4 people were killed in 1 attack .
a common link is that 19 of the top 20 highest states require no permit for firearms purchases .
btw , hawaii is the lowest with 2.8 per 100,000 .
black is ... one of my favorite xbox games .
in the oregon gay couple bake case the bakery lost in appeal court and has to pay mucho dineros to lesbo couple so now the state tells you how you can run your business sound orwellian to me hope it goes to scourt
atp i need to fuck w a < number > old man that ’ the only way a nigga gone ever understand what i ’ m saying
because illegal immigrants can not really survive on the wages they are paid so the government indirectly subsidizes the employers by giving illegal aliens welfare benefits this keeps wages down and allows employers to make even more money while having their actual costs subsidized by the taxpayers
a little clip from my chastity vlog day 017 .
for all of you who like to see women come on their men 's faces , while they get nothing but more frustration !
😊 😈 premium : url trailer : url please share !
@dirkhooper @dommelinx @rtfucker url
i have never seen this group of clowns before ....... they seem to be pretty faggy
she did n't find you attractive .
probably because she has poor tastes in men . [ ... ]
women are not bad for " friendzoning " you , you are pathetic for being attracted to manipulative women with poor taste in men .
and that is the saddest part of it for our canada .
neither the conservatives nor the ndp have a credible answer .
i want to publicly thank sleaze ball donald trump for bringing to the fore what only some of us knew and learned by our own experiences ; that there is in fact what some americans think is the real american man .
others were blinded by their own habits , racism and bigotry .
the real american man arrogantly sees himself as the owner of all women , head of the wild bunch , braggart , a pig around women , disrespectful of men of color , disrespectful of women , and most of all , willfully ignorant and illiterate .
thank you trump ; now we ’re all talking about it .
we ’ll see where it goes .
grow a spine murkowski .
vote based on the voice and well being of your constituents -   which is your job .
well , you ca n't reasonably expect health care providers to know anything about your situation .
i mean , you 're transsexual , and that 's pretty weird .
i do n't know why you 're so upset about this .
you should really be more tolerant of people who do n't get it .
and whine from the centre
a thought for the day : “ be more concerned with your character than your reputation , because your character is what you really are while your reputation is merely what others think you are . ” —
john wooden
so what if there 's a backstory ?
the proper definition of " trafficked " is a crime that using " force , fraud or coercion " to literally make another person break the law .
but they are broadening the definition to say that any woman who chooses " the life " must   somehow be morally powerless to resist it .
bunk .
being transphobic is n't cool or edgy .
just makes you a dick .
i want to vote yes and at the same time i do n't.the way i look at it is either way we loose .
< user > < user > there ’ a lot of blatant racism and pure ignorance in this thread the ghetto
despite the super gay cover i am excited to be starting this kettlebell program today
ok , i can understand how the accountant in question could totally forget what he was doing .
after all , emma stone is stunning and she could have asked me to be on her side rather than her brother .
kanye just be minding his own business an you all niggers go out of you all way to slander an hate
this fic just threw me the biggest curveball of my life i had to turn off my screen n contemplate a lil
youtube - mayor of boston sends welcome to gay / transgender youth event kids attend prom from ' sexual hell ' you wo n't believe how children as young as 12 years old partied family advocates are outraged by a prom held at boston city hall that was open to children apparently as young as 12 featuring crossdressers , homosexual heavy petting , suspected drug use and a leather - clad doorman who teaches sexual bondage classes .
hello decided to start posting thought i , d say hi i ' m from midlands uk .
coolidge , i do n't think the folks at   new york military academy would appreciate your deriding   them as just a boarding school for wayward boys . (
though they seem to be a mess these days . )
in any case i 'm sorry you seem to consider 18 - 22 year olds conscienceless kids , as i recall many , both among those who served and those who opposed the war , as having been wonderfully decent , thoughtful young men who followed their conscience .
the only fellows i did n't respect were those-- and i knew many on campus-- who professed to patriotically support the war yet were delighted to see their " inferiors " go fight the war .
as a vet myself i did detest them .
we both know who they were , i do n't need to name them .
i thank you for your service .
well if you can come from the ghetto become a billionaire or come from another country e a muslim become president of the usa where the oppression
btw , it was a 4.5 magnitude earthquake that hit the bay area .
little bit of coach effect finally going on today clawson petersen and sonny dykes and carey negative strong collins addazio and helton
charles , stop writing these fantasy articles .
start concentrating on building streetcars for toronto !
a typically negative piece by kelly about the jays but in this case i agree with him .
the jays are trying to do it on the cheap when they should be making certain that they secure either bautista or incarnation for at least two years as a bridge to a future rebuild .
it 's way easier to be a red sox or a   yankees fan these days .
there s things worse than being a virgin 
 for instance my internet fuckin sucks and i m not the only one using it so i have to play my games with lag spikes and it honestly makes me rage so bad , i could nt care less about being a virgin if i had a decent connection reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
full 12 minute , 2007 sb half time show by prince , on nfl 's channel , thus legal to share .
notice how any other youtube videos of this are getting blocked by nfl ?
and nfl 's logo splattered on both sides of this video ?
nfl : making money off of someone 's passing .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rt4tn5ztwda
if nancy burke is still being paid as the anchorage " homeless coordinator "   she needs to be fired immediately to recoup the cost of the fountain removal because there is zero value being produced from the overpaid position .
someday , i 'm going to drink & amp ; start submitting pull requests to various foss projects ' makefiles to play fitting theme music during a build .
from what i can see , that car was actually a detroit electric , not a gray - dort .
ms gray apparently sold it in 1952 , at the age of 90 , and it 's still in the chatham area .
taste the tits and fuck the cunt ?
the russian navy tall ship was on display in san francisco a few years ago .
i m sure those moab bombs do nt damage the homes of hard working christian arabs right ↓
some sad sacks of shit can only ever get attention by being as completely retarded obnoxious as humanly possible such pathetic nothings would have been totally shunned before social media the greatest failing of the internet is that it exposes us to the blatherings of blithering retards
in spoons three fishes table < number > dm for orders spoons slave fin sub spoons bitch findom spoons sub
" @shumstafa that 's fucking disgusting . " "
there 's no song called ' i kissed a trans man ' " " like ? ? ?
that 's not the point ? ? ? ? "
hillary clinton ‏ < user > 9 m9 minutes ago heartbroken for the families of two brave officers who were killed in iowa there no justification for this kind of violence h since the suspect was white i expect to hear we want your guns line from hillary obama
i 'd overfill that pussy with cum until it was leaking out and spilling everyone on your blanket , then i 'd start stretching your ass until it was sore and loose from my cock .
the speech every 2015 college grad needs to hear [ x - post r / manosphere ]
firstly , i think we need to acknowledge the real reason behind the ban .
many of us are hiding behind the assertion that we support this because it protects women who are being subjugated .
however , the real reason for these laws is that the niqab and burka represent the most religious within a religion that scares us -particularly in its extreme .
however ,   despite the initial emotive response , my belief in our freedom of expression and religion in canadian charter overrides my emotion .
as such ,    i ca n't help but cringe when i hear about part of our country passing a law that limits this expression .
then again , what do you expect ?
it 's quebec where they 've limited the ability express oneself in english for years now ( see bill 101 ) .
all of sacred scripture reveals the good news : our lord and savior jesus the christ   the awesome way god found to be our nourishment .
we are being transformed into true children of god   .
not by way of flesh   ,   nor of   the will of humans ... 
 and it is this eucharist with its many dimensions that constitutes worship in spirit and truth .
man o man that is one pathetic non - conference pre   season schedule !
< user > saying her thighs black and the color of her hair look like donald trump
i 'm turnt up , i m fucked up , i smell like kush cologne — yo bitch wo n't leave me alone ... tell that bitch stop callin my phone
suck it bitch .
let me guess a white guy gunning down latinos ?
like they were whipped up about a story about an antifa revolution ?
more to come before saturday , the right wing is preparing for civil war based on fake news .
< user > < user > remember when you collaborated with neo nazis on a seth rich conspiracy documentary
this is why i 'll never apologize for backing our @cbp when it comes to separating " families " illegally crossing our border this is happening in the heart of our country .
if you think cartels are n't exploiting our border to further this , then you are the ones endangering children url
also i spilled my fucking water all over the ground and wall like who am i
fine , all these white people are racists , y all better arm yourselves and fight them to the death .
it 's absolutely hypocritical .
try sitting down with her and explaining why .
you get woken and yelled at for looking at women on the internet , yet she is has naked photos of herself * on the internet * .
wow notice no fuck isis or fuck sand niggers i m just glad i found out you were a terrorist before shit got too deep it better in the long run i guess no harm no foul at the end of the day it is what it is
in recent years we have frequently seen poor people suffer immensely in avoidable tragedies from the grenfell tower block fire in london to the burning of makeshift refugee camps across europe
muslim agenda is expand radicalislam destroy all other religion stop muslim migration to usa maga
i literally could never conceptualize a black queer person until i was like < number > i fully was under the impression that queerness was a white people thing because of the words and actions of my community
seems mighty strange that the entire mainstream   media has been beating the drum for months   that our election was " hacked " , " tampered " or " meddled " with and now , because trump is actually investigating the matter , there 's nothing to see !
it 's just trump 's paranoia .
they refuse to cooperate , they wo n't even   hand over voter registration records   to help clear the matter up .
if voter fraud is n't illegally meddling in another nations election then we need to make it so it is .
i do not want a single person voting in the next election that is not qualified to vote .
we need this investigation as it will reinforce our belief in our electoral integrity .
if we ca n't trust that our votes count or that a dead person or ineligible voter could cancel out our   own   vote , then why even have anymore elections ?
< user > < user > left pseudo seculars indirectly and the madarsa jihadis they are everywhere watch for them
so let me see if iget this str8 wn1 < number > was an eloaborate ruse conducted by jews in the mid late < number > that brought wlp na crashing down is that you re saying
they are demoshits never give a demoshit moslem or an illegal an inch they all will turn every city state and country into a shit hole
what is the goal you wish to achieve with the homosexual community is it to entrench them deeper in the programming they have received or free them from the chains of oppression they have been taught to willfully take upon themselves
hey guys i just saw the greates name for don lemon ahem nigger cunt
i prefer the term iconography and how many irl activism sesh have u faggots done that nigger attempt at propoganda yesterday gtfo w that happy horse shit
america fuck yeah so lick my butt and suck on my balls
it does n't * matter * that one side wants to systemically oppress people of color , lgbtqa people , and women .
it just does n't guys .
why ca n't we all just get along ?
" " " is it saint patrick 's day or am i fucking tweaking " " "
as usual the left wing never knows what facts are , only propaganda
yess especially when you do n't feel welcome in your own community .
i identify as gay but i 've been with men before so sometimes i honestly worry that i 'll meet someone i really like but who does n't accept me , and that thought is upsetting .
ca n't explain yourselves can you globe .
you are assuredly turning into a useless rag .
explain it , why telling it as i see it , that is 
 a man in the picture .
or is it you could n't get 
 a woman dumb enough to be photographed 
 for your dumb journalists , if they can be called journalists .
anti muslim hatred on indian national tv hindu leader pandit ajay gautam covered his eyes because he does nt want to see the face of khalid , a muslim news presenter .
# india # islamophobia url
< user > i did nt lose my shit over < number > guards being arrested you bum fuck racoon retard you sure showed me
go , sens , go !
yes , racism is in the hearts of these leftist groups .
their target is what they call ' white cis men ' .
they want to kill all of them .
blm is a mockery of the black civil rights movement .
blm is nothing but pure hatred of ' white cis men ' .
the media seems to like these racist groups because it fits their agenda , destroying western civilization .
these groups , make no mistake about it , are pure communist .
talk to anyone from eastern europe , the early stages of a communist take - over look exactly like this .
they begin to rile up the bottom of society , and begin to destroy the foundation of the society .
nigger can not say that on twitter btw this is why i gotongab
blake lively is a bad bitch period
there were a lot of racial tensions in this country in the 1960s .
but things had been improving .
getting better , and getting better , and better ....... then obama .
i did n't vote for him , but i thought our first half white president was a good thing .
wrong .
obama stirred racial tensions like we had n't seen in decades .
the " legality of war " debate .... 
 sorry - but in my mind it a simple case of academic ivory tower incest .
throughout history wars have been at the whim of the power oligarchy - and mostly about who gets to collect the taxes .
this in turn has been cloaked under the guise of which god(s ) are in charge , who is the heir to the throne , whose sacred cows have been gored , or who discovered the new continent in order to enslave the natives and mine the gold .
there is no world supreme court with the means to enforce its so called international law .
the un is a nice try but ultimately serves the interests of the super - powers who will not cede their sovereignty to a third party .
that having been said we should focus on the means to end these atrocities - the legalities of doing so being merely of secondary relevance .
the likes of assad or isis really could care less .
they should go back to their own countries , the cuban , somalian , and what ever shyt hole country they came from
get one of these t - shirts for next time you see him : - asatru versand - kein islam in europa - das christentum ist schlimm genug ( t - shirt ) kein islam in europa - das christentum ist schlimm genug ( t - shir themd - kein - islam
@vamsi krishna so now a transgender can give birth ?
thanks for the # rt !
@marshawright @prettyfru @cgm807 @poesravenlady @axelmojave @wallabemu7_62 have a great week !
final # scicommprimer session today is with harry armstrong from @nesta_uk talking about the future and changing landscape of # scicomm
i do n't know what 's up with other females , but i do not want a nigga with a big ass monster dick .
heeeell nah , go reconstruct another bitch organs buddy .
why is vp pence 's head cut off on picture # 3 ?
the ap / dp ca n't even post a picture without making a political statement , or what ?
some men are so disgusting .
stalking is a crime .
what joy do you get in making a girl uncomfortable?&#128530;&#128530;&#128530 ;
what 's your excuse for a dull mind there pizza girl allie ?
i have a fun historical fact for you guys .
the company that made the raggedy ann doll tried to make a doll to promote lgbt rights .
needless to say faggoty ann was not succesful .
would some canadian patriot please maroon this faggot on an ice floe before he totally destroys your country
agreed- and if you 're antifa , you are the very definition of the fascism every decent and good american human being should oppose .
jews defends jews regardless muslims defend muslins regardless christian european attack christians christian people are on their own and jews and muslims have another home we don ffs we do not why can not people understand that it not that difficult
q how many books were written in africa before white and arabs showed up a none they had never developed a written language black men < number > of the population < number > of the murders wake up they are hunting white women it is not racist it is realist gabfam red pill maga trump
pussy bitch
https://townhall.com/tipsheet/guybenson/2017/10/03/meanwhile-trump-keeps-racking-up-outstanding-judicial-nominees-n2389593?utm_source=thdailypm&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=nl_pm&newsletterad= 

 " and the beat goes on .... " - sonny & cher
i wonder will there be as much media coverage , marches and gatherings for the young girls that where sexually assaulted by a muslim in edmonton or the " white christian " male that was brutally beaten to death in calgary .
did the syrian refugee ' grab these girls by the pussy " ?
will there be a canada wide march to support these girls ?
i will bet that china is helping north korea with its nuclear stuff .
this way it can build up its own program without anyone getting angry and sanctioning them .
this is why they will do nothing to stop them
it was disturbing to read that the swedish foreign minister was stabbed today .
yes voting liberal !
wonder if amsterdam red light district has changed the sand niggers just love pussy but they prefer rape to a commercial arrangement makes them feel like the men they are not inbred scum kill em
seems like you do not know much about anything low iq low t only soy boys and muzzies pick on women so which is it
good she deserved it i have no sympathy for these assholes who are destroying what white men built if these jackasses think 3 rd world men are going to make the world a better place she got her better place
she was ridiculed for years for her invention .
people thought wipers would be distracting on personal automobiles .
i could not disagree more with this column .
this man 's actions and views represent ignorance about rape and have certainly not helped the goal of reporting and prosecuting sexual assaults .
good lord , this man 's daughter was raped and he still ca n't comprehend the psychological harm his words were inflicting .
hopefully , the " education " will make him a happier and more tolerant man .
but by bringing the canadian justice system into disrepute , he should never again preside in a courtroom .
somewhat pretty fabrics .
man or woman underneath ?
enough to frighten small children in the street or the owner of a corner store .
i look forward to the days where women can support each other by teaming up to be homestead mother teachers and take back the education that is instilled in them no more hating yourself because you are white
precisely and these nuances appear in all groups no sufi muslim will ever become a suicide bomber the most radical become whirling dervishes
everyone and anyone who supports the destruction of pakistan deserve to be hanged # hangtraitorsofpakistan # pashteencapexposed url
little fucking stupid cunt .
you make me fucking sick ... 25 $ for tribute and 100 $ for being such a fucking time wasting sissy slut bitch !
you are so fucking pathetic !
url
so if a oil discovery is found on the land i pay taxes on .... it 's alaskas oil .
if it 's found on land that does n't pay taxes ... it 's a different story ? ? ? ?
they are looking for highly qualified engineers and university graduates .. how many companies do you suppose offer this as in house training ...
every woman is sitting on a scholarship .
if they pussy works no woman should be broke
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
i wish i could sing in front of anybody & amp ; like actually go all out cause syd shelby & amp ; my family are the only people i can do that with
this nigga is retarded !
# castrate and # deport @illegals who kill .
i told my american friend to smoke a fag when he gets stressed he shot up an orlando nightclub .
< user > < user > this is the first time a man speaking on rape culture is not lecturing women with tips on how to get raped less keep calling out your predator friends your family your teachers your bosses that the first step
the   tax - addicted democratic party that is in control of hawaii government , has not done enough to remove the homeless into shelters .
their responsible for the high cost of living in hawaii with their taxing the over tax citizens of this state .
they put local people on the streets .
look at kakaako , the state ca n't handle the overcrowding of homeless people there .
the city says they will close the park and clear   the homeless .
but the homeless say they will return .
the greedy democrats have no compassion for the average local family here .
but their generous with pay raises to their public employees while most family head working more than one job to survive in this state .
plug your ass and keep it plugged ! !
fuck your pussy ... unplug your ass fill it with cum and plug it again ... repeat and then send you back with all that cum inside your ass ! !
also i spilled my fucking water all over the ground and wall like who am i
🗣 this is the fifth consecutive increase in hate crimes year over year in the united states .
🗣 only 36 states have hate crime laws that apply to lgbtq+ people specifically .
🗣 this year alone , 12 black trans women have been murdered .
url
nothing is true for everybody .
but we need to have rules , and common practice is to establish them based on what is commonly understood , not the exceptions like effeminate men .
yo ho , can you explain to me why white men commit 99 % of child sex crimes , and usually kill their prey ?
it was a matter of time before a white man story of how abused we are as whites would be posted .
there are raciest on both sides .
however , the difference lies in the fact that white supremacists are united as a nationwide group and seek to interact and harm others , on purpose and go out looking for their victims as well as the ideology they own , make america white again .
the thing that you fear from citizens of non - white races is that one day in america you will not be the majority population and that day is closing in .
my dad who is lying in a beautiful new va cemetery where we placed his ashes sacrificed a lot in ww2 to destroy the horror of hitler and the nazi 's so we as a nation could be free from tyranny and oppression .
that is the history i was born in , was told how important it was that the millions of americans made sacrifices for this nation and our allies .
it makes me angry to listen to anyone who calls themselves an " american " defend any group who would bring us back there .
no most white men do not rape < number > year old women that department is saved for your compadre beaners and young black males
bowl games used to be so special , they meant something , they were only for the elite ... now , finish 10th in a   conference .. tenth ... and get a bowl game .
of course if your idea of a bowl game experience is n't going to a potato bowl in freezing sleet and a half full stadium then you could care less ...
yeah let 's just get rid of them ! !
and when we do we will remove the largest portion of that super dangerous 13 % ! ! !
make america great again ! ! !
/s because this is reddit and filled with morons .
criticize a black man and the left calls you a racist .
criticize a woman and you are a sexist .
now i will critcize you as a fool and you can call me intolerant .
it is because the new hybrid are too tight .
they are breed for yield , potency and above all profit .
trudeau should announce immediately complete decriminalization - to protect canadians !
if the price bottom out there will be need to use pesticide or fungicides .
but at $ 12 a gram how can you stop them ?
at which point , if the contract is suspended , amended or cancelled , guess which company is coming back to the federal gov't for more bail out money ?
why are you so retarted ?
my buddy 's mother makes 62 an hour on the internet , she has been out of a job for ten months and last month her income was 14270 just working on the internet a few hours a week .. look at 
 < 3<3<3 .... http://www.9cashpost.com ... <3<3<3
hypothesis jews push miscegenation on whites because jews themselves race mix and religion mix in such high numbers that they do not want to feel like bigger oddballs than they already are in gentile nations like the us mixery loves company
maybe they wanted her to look like a man that just transitioned .
inclusion .
they should have just gone the whole mile and made her black and walk with a limp as well as being a trans woman .
# flcrc meeting tonight in # miami !
please make plans to attend tonight 's mtg & amp ; bring ideas of what you want to see i … https://t.co/uxbnb2fadn
i hate them .. ever since i once got beaten up by 6 of them .. real hero 's since then i because nazi
theresa may has recorded a video wishing jews a happy passover she did the same for moslems at ramadam it seems someone forgot to tell the old bag to do the same for easter or she thinks so little of christians she could not be bothered
thank you for admitting in clear terms that you are a terrorist that endorses kidnapping women and forcing them to undergo unwanted and dangerous medical procedures based on 16th century christian morality , and that you believe a bundle of cells that can literally neither think nor feel is worth the rights and dignity and lives of women .
should i come to know who you are , you will not be .
fuck the leftists cucks even the rogan fan boys
i want to pound away at her cute little butthole and fill her anus with cum !
wooden head freeland has " reached out , " and they are currently conducting an " energetic investigation ? "
maybe she 'll even pen an article for the globe to reveal her strategy .
liberals care more about illegals then their own babies .
so disappointed in the super bowl game i only shot < number > coons and no possums or coyotes or fox i d be a millionaire if i had non mangy coyotes or foxes the coons are not more than ornaments gamo whisper brain junker at < number > yards
flushed with victory after normalizing trannies exposing children to drag queens queer leftie freaks are now cooking up rationales for why it okay to touch kids down there toddlers understand the concept of consent see this video proves it what are you some kind of ageist bigot
the tax credits never were really legitimate , the seismic crews have explored the slope for years , mapped the geological formations , the producers know exactly what is left and where it is .
the truth is the state ca n't manage its own resources .
the great republican plan of outsourcing has outsourced alaska 's assets to elsewhere .
there never should have been any credits to begin with .
odd that we have n't seen the media blitz from the producers , oh but that 's right , parnell already gave away the farm .
feminism is cancer change my mind
what are some good sources detailing the bias against men in the family court system ?
you should check out what school districts in cincinnati and seattle are doing to raise funds for the district .
its all about shared spaces .
the school district rents out spaces to businesses that are underutilized .
this idea was presented to the current school board and turned down .
bisexual people do n't exist .
gay people just say that so they can walk down the hall with a girl holding hands .
i bit over the top in their response imho .
the teasing was unappreciated .
she said so .
apparently he did not continue .
so no harassment .
he was sitting between 2 ladies , they felt uncomfortable .
who cares ?
what does it matter if he was sitting between ladies , men or sheep for that mater ?
how many people are on an airplane and are actually comfortable now days ?
i had a guy twice my size taking up half my seat .
i was uncomfortable .
did they remove him ?
no !
stop whining .
geee , you look at someone wrong , say something - it does n't come out right , say something untimely ... and the pc idiots are everywhere .
do some research .
the police on site at columbine had instructions to wait for backup .
that was 20 years ago .
columbine changed everything about school security .
in the ahs shooting , the armed sheriff ran to the shooter and the attack ended in less than 80 seconds with the shooter turning the gun on himself as the sheriff shouted at him and closed in .
there is solid evidence the shooter had a list of victims and rooms he was planning to visit , and none of those plans worked because an armed officer ran to him .
sadly , he shot a bystander that there was no indication he planned to shoot , and he set the library on fire .
but there were dozens of students he could have shot without the sro closing in .
no one is saying that arming teachers will " prevent " a columbine style attack .
just as arming police officers does n't seem to stop people from committing violent crimes .
but rural schools do n't have an sro on staff to make an ending like ahs , nor do they have a swat team
like the hoes when they lay w/ me .. puppy eyes when i go , sayin stay wit me
it 's absolutely amazing to see the narrative of the media in the las vegas mass shooting .
if the shooter as a muslim , a mexican .
a black or some other minority there would be howls of outrage and calls for reprisals against the group to which the shooter belonged .
there would be calls for collective punishment - send them back ; lock them up ; deport them ; ban them ... 

 but since the mass murderer is an elderly white male we have " maybe he 's got a brain tumor ... maybe there is a cover - up ; maybe he 's being framed by the deep state ... 

 the hypocrisy is glaring .
# whiteprivilege
< user > then you do nt say dyke literally why are you so mad its a fcking slur there even some lesbians who do nt want to reclaim it go reclaim queer if you want a slur so bad jfc
what ?
lmfao .
only 7 % of the population is lgbtq
that woman should get the death penalty , the child was helpless and could in no way defend himself against her .
nor could he tell anyone .
such a sad loss of a precious life .
" " ' yes , we can build the pipeline . " " "
1970 ;   at uaf pre - feed meetings for taps a bigshot from humbleoil told me the crudepipe will cost $ 2billion to build ... 
 ... i snickered & growled .
final cost was $ 8.8billion , 
 it would have been $ 12billion without the help of the mosquitoes , the bugs made the cheechakos work faster .
we built taps with slide - rules and old dial telephones .
after we build a statewide flexpipe network we will have a trillion dollars worth of realestate to defend from the hustlers ... 
 newsflash :   alaska taxes texans 

 if trump want 's to do something smart with texas he should build 1500 miles of greenhouses on the border , 
 after we build the first 10 - miles of greenhouse the rest will pay for itself .
http://www.jouleunlimited.com/ 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptkmtsklrq0
obama is the ultimate cuck a pretend american a pretend black man in reality a homosexual socialist mangina crypto muslim loser created by the cia trained by the saudis to destroy the strength of america
the tired , huddled , low - iq masses worship the ground trump buys .
women used to buy the national enquirer at the grocery store and men would never !
now they are buying the crap as if it 's a secret internet mansite .
it would be hilarious if it was n't so dangerous .
just read some threatening comments in here .
trump gives liars and bullies permission .
as a person of mixed - race , i really enjoy when people who are n't mixed tell me i 'm not good enough to celebrate the holidays of our shared ancestry .
🙄
joder los eeuu me estais poniendo tostao solo k me gustais y soy de jesús de borrar vuestrro mindo kike solo eso
wish i was nt a virgin 
 wish i was nt a virgin every night i ca nt stop thinking about it and i ca nt sleep or do anything normal
victoria morgan i saw you posted about oil and i have chronic pain and cancer i lost my kids in this state of hell on earth arizona where they steal children for money hoping we will all die off as it is killing out country how can i get info on this and is it really expensivd
# redneck tow truck . #
johndeere # 4455 # america https://t.co/ifinqwvrad
yeah me too yeah you too yeah you bash blacks too and the chinks and the j00s dindu nuffins hindu muffins spics micks wops sand niggers who cares humans talk that s what we do so we should go kill each other please
genders are like the twin towers ... there used to be two of them , now it ’s a sensitive subject .
why americans would be bad castle defenders ?
because they ca n't defend their towers .
hopefully this niggah buys my gamma 11 's cause i want them
you , google , and the entire state of california are just so pessimistic .
always looking at the glass half empty .
think about it this way : 2016 will likely be only half the " absolute garbage year " that 2017 will be . :)
so let 's bid 2016 a fond adieu since we will fondly miss it in 2017 when we reminisce about when things were only about half as crappy as they will be by then .
lol
the religion of gorebull warming alarmists has one goal : acquisition of political authority to wrest the wealth away from productive countries and to move the monies into their control .
.
to the gorebull warming alarmists who want to reduce global temperature : what is the optimal temperature for the earth ?
.
an example of the enormous waste of wealth and resources that gorebull warming alarmists have forced upon the public : corn production in america is largely used to produce ethanol to be mixed into gasoline that results in reduced efficiency in vehicles ' operations and reduction in miles per gallon and has increased the cost of gas for consumers .
that same corn production could have been directed to nations experiencing hunger and famine .
millions of lives could be saved , but the gorebull warming alarmists insist that corn be used for fuel instead .
right now when i think of wasp 's , i think of new england liberals who have never had a taste of diversity in their life .
had like < number > followers when gab was cool now its like what the fuck am i doin here nigger
@whotfismic definitely not true .
niggas that buss & ca n't get back up for another round have terrible dick .
guess who made it through " no nut november " trans people
you forgot the 80 super jet fighters qatar is buying as well .
the donald did tell the arabs that they have to clean up the sunni muslim nutbars themselves , after all they encouraged and funded them with obama complacency .
this part of the world is not able to run with elected governments , just to many guys with bigger sticks .
when i was teaching in the persian gulf my students from afghanistan ( canada was there trying to help as well ) et all told me that the ied 's were placed by the cia to make them ( arabs ) look bad .
i asked if they really believed this nonsense .
they all agreed it was true because they were told it was true .
at the same time they all call for the us to help them , what they really mean is can you do the fighiting for us to clean up the mess and we will subjectae the country in our image .
now back to qatar , i do not know who in qatar will fly the new fighters , as qataris '   just do not know how to work as most of it is outsourced .
the muslims have fled and are claiming benefits in europe and the jews are sitting safe and sound in new york and washington rubbing their hands together spending the proceeds of stolen oil
@shir - lee שיר - לי bat abraham mi shevet ephraimyou dumb bitch !
😂 😂 😂 white spaniards from spain raped an squandered your land .. lol
# retweet if this should be your cock url
' 
 trump is nothing but a belligerent , insecure and childish buffoon .
( … and a petty treasonous and traitorous con man . )
he 's surrounded himself with racist white nationalist neo - nazis , 

 … and with this meeting he 's only trying to paint a picture he does n't fit within .
.
resist trump .
resist his agenda .
.
in a massachusetts a moslem scum is running for office while a member of terrorist group cair
i do what i wanna do these niggas love anything they can fuck why bother
it never really gone out of style it just got kept out of the usual places < number > a while tv media politics academia sand nigger sand groid dune coon dindu nuffin all valuable additions to the nigger lexicon oh sheeit dat remind me mexicon lexicon meh some beaners r ok
me being like omg i do not have any shivs left how am i supposed to kill all these clickers
" decimated " islamic state plotted to smuggle islamic terrorists into us via southern border url via @dcclothesline
wait till " somalis lost their culture when islam came " twitter sees this url
me and my store manager went to panera this morning and forgot it was free breakfast day at chick - fil - a & amp ; pretty sure she wanted to cry lol
this is n't about religious freedom .
face covering is n't a religious issue .
it 's not required under any religion .
men have interpreted it as a religious requirement over time .
it 's a subjugation issue .
it 's about men having power over women and being afraid of losing their power over them .
any person having average iq and moderate understanding of things can not clearly read what you wanted to convey in this article .
it 's ambiguous messed up writing .
remember , this is the guy that @tarah decided was more important than the women writing her book .
tarah only cares about tarah .
muslims are pedophiles , communism will never work , trannies are sick in the head , democrats are the true racists , there is no such thing as rape culture in the western civilisation , feminists are women sexually frustrated .
black .
@shelbyndiaz @monikaalynn _ @cmclymer @realdonaldtrump look faggot do n't forget your still a guy i 'll whip your ass
my mom and i went to the huckleberry festival in whitefish this weekend and split a ham cheddar and veggie crepe at amazing crepes .
do n't sit like that !
boys do n't do that !
amy - then it 's probably best that you never have a gun because if someone is coming at you with nothing , they 'll be dead and you 'll be in jail for employing unrational stupidity !
like the men at the holiday station on abbott .
rosie is an insane lesbian being a lesbian tells you she is mentally ill
yes , it is a symbol in the past and has no place in the present because when it is used for the advancement of white nationalism it proves to only hold us back so thus it shouldn t be used and should go down in history where it belongs .
< user > yeah you ’ re a retard
i learned nearly everything i know about white nationalism on the internet .
was anyone else forced to tap dance or was it just me ?
😂
< user > dudley is a fucking twat and a pestilence to this constituency hope he gets the ole heave ho shortly
and , another question : how can nonbinary people be gay or straight ?
a biological man who identifies as nonbinary and claims he s homosexual , is attracted to the same gender .
so , that means that he can be attracted by a biological women who identifie as nonbinary ?
or , a biological woman who identify as a non binary and claims she s heterosexual , that means she s attracted to the opposite gender : whats the opposite of nonbinary ?
local tried trans mom , can relate .
😑
what do you get when you throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
lgbtqbbq
so the new season of orange is the new white supremacy is a fucking mess master race ha more like disaster race
[ meta ] it 's obvious to me they 've invaded .
you know you are not the epitome of homosexual beauty when you get more chat on grindr if you do not have a pic 🤷 🏻 ‍ ♂ ️ grindr
< user > lmfao i ’ m a bitch now lmaoo i ’ m weak go off sis
i swear the people cleaning the office switch what side the trash vs recycling cans are on on purpose to mess with me .
here 's a man who can not get out a dignified , coherent sentence , and who is apparently also a functional semiliterate .
antifa are neo - liberal fascists .
they hate freedom of speech and personal liberties .
" the media rightly demanded that president donald trump and all republicans condemn the neo - nazis and the kkk . "
false reporting .
president donald trump and republicans had already condemned the neo - nazis and the kkk .
the media just would not report it .
it beats me too .
flagged .
real tired of queer cis men trying to insert themselves in [ cis , trans * , queer ] women 's spaces & # 128580 ;
you stupid motherfucking dick just why do nt you over dribble your ass and get the fuck out of the club you fucking faggot < user >
man , 19 is an illegal immigrant , and commits sex crimes .
build the wall .
thankfully we live in a country where people do what is right and what the constitutions says , not just what ’s popular with the mob .
if we followed your logic above , we ’d still have whites and blacks drinking from separate water fountains .
protests for social justice are n’t supposed to be comfortable .
in fact , just the opposite .
and when you write that you are contented only when the players do n’t “ act up ” it shows you do n’t treat these people like grown men , and think certain types of people have different rights than you .
they do n’t .
no ,   m.r cool , i am pointing out the hypocrisy .
read again why the orange- glazed stay puft man is putting this 4 - month ban in place .
he wants to ensure that no terrorists can come into the states .
i do n't think the new people over our apartment complex wants a job like the last ones fired for a lack of care and this time they got a larger force to fix shit around here .. well we will see if they want a job and how long course soon they going to have more issue 's
< user > < user > i saw that the halloween industry is expecting white claw costumes to be the most popular slutty costumes this year
@moronhumor @one_by_two like there is a rahu in every rahul
naw i d rather shoot you in the open nazi fag howdidyousayyouwouldstopmefaggot lol maga presidenttrump < user > ‍ aka greatautist
< user > queer jews unite 💘 🥰
he 's a fucking psychotic incel who deserves to fucking perish
< user > as harsh saying the best way to honour the murdered mp jo cox would be to get brexit done comparing black people to pickaninny muslim women to letterboxes no i do not believe it harsh at all
that guy who punched the nazi but for anti vaxxers
the actual catholic practice is to reject gays , to call them " intrinsically disordered " , to fire them if they get married .
i know , you will say it is " the homosexual tendency " that is disordered .
however , the way it is interpreted is that homosexuals , not the amorphous " tendency " , are the disordered ones .
i do n't recognize your user id , so i will tell you my opinion of " natural law " .
first , there are two   definitions , both of which have problems .
one is " the way nature works " .
the difficulty here is that the theologians who invoke it are generally ignorant of the " laws of nature " . (
one of my complaints about the way policy is made in the catholic church is that ignorance and lack of experience is not seen as bad .
so we get synods on women without a single woman present , or synods on the family attended solely by unmarried men . )
if you are going to make an argument based on biology , you had better have a decent knowledge of biology .
i would n't even sip a drink after this girl let alone fuck her she looks like she got some boogeyman std url
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > if your interpretation of a strong black man means you who follows white supremacy never read the malcolm x book thinking he about that life i think rosa would probably turn lesbian than to have a failing man
# yemen : famine , death , and destruction .
if # iran - backed # houthis and # saudi - led coalition care about # yemenis , they should end the yemen war now # yemencantwait 💔 url
well of course it does jews invented feminism that all jews do destroy shit they openly admit they destroy shit
is n't it obvious ?
isis is a creation of the usa and benefitted from   the flow of arms from libya to the middle east after american destroyed that country .
power abhors a vacuum .
the next steps will be   the strengthening   of american bases in syria   and the   gradual disintegration of the syrian state .
syria is now three territories with the kurds occupying one part , the us another and assad / russia the third .
much like iraq in the early 90s the us will seek out a pretext for establishing full control of airspace in order to eliminate any threat posed by assad .
the long term objective is the removal of assad and along with it   russian bases in the region .
the kurds want a state too .
do n't kid yourselves- the usa will do everything and anything to maintain hegemony even if it means using false flags ,   bombing innocents and destroying countries .
this is n't about democracy - it is about american military supremacy .
is and always has been 
 expect junior to come along for the ride .
some german economists are advising merkel to delay brexit till < number > in the tacit hope no doubt that corbyn will get in by then and nix it kill that stupid fat dyke merkel and her beta bitch male sycophants
true !
but ever know the longer this bs war on terror goes the more high tech wonder war toys they keep coming out with ?
all your friends are gay .
i 'm worried that other people will make judgments about you , and ... [ lowers voice ] you should be careful , because they might try to recruit you .
is that you nickynaylor ?
i guess medication time has not arrived at the home .
surprisingly the liberal msm has declared war on leading liberal men with misogynist attitudes .
alec baldwin is next .
hollywood is in line for the proverbial swamp draining .
no liberal male is immune .
making fun of retarded kids is bad but using them as a pawn in your dumbass lib plan to gain sympathy is worse i stand with corey wompwomp
gay jew pesters geriatric smug athiest .
who fuken cares ?
man , twitter sucks .
friend at the grocery store in spokane , washington : : " look at that man in the high heels , wig , and cone - like fake boobs !
he must be a total loon ! "
hey @ericheel looking at your timeline you would probably enjoy the anime " burst angel " give it a try bro .
> true diversity in an egalitarian society would be a good thing lol , no .
ethnic , cultural and religious diversity destroy solidarity , cooperation and resilience in communities and foster tribalism and nepotism no matter the economic system .
lol so a hardcore catholic believer says we banned muslim cemeteries .
not even close to the case but if we get rid of divisive religious nonsense then hallelujah .
the catholic church received 600 million dollars in last budget for ' immigration services " one 500 million and another 100 million chunk .
look it up .
they are greedy pigs helping corporations reduce our quality of life while attempting to force a more violently enforced abrahamic religion on to us .
for a peak at immigration reality in canada : 
 http://vancouversun.com/opinion/columnists/douglas-todd-why-canadians-need-to-debate-immigration-economics 

 the man who wrote this column in the g&m is the enemy of all canadians and north americans .
his words and actions are clear .
he is a traitor , loyal to a foreign religious head , not us .
@flawws @jenny5e @beadtweets @bnonews chicago is n't dangerous , the black supremacy terrorists inspired by @repcummings and his gang is violence inciting black folk make it dangerous .
black babies are being murdered in chicago by the 1000s .
pay attention you racist a$ $ hole !
i would move too but unfortunately there is nowhere that is untainted .
the world was so much simpler and everything was so right when the question of ' white man 's dominance ' was n't even a question , was n't it ? .
we should go back to those simpler days when ' everyone knew their place ' , or to paraphrase trump , make the world great again .
i mean putting a black woman on ' our ' money and having institutions that reflect demographics of the population .
well that 's just wrong , what is the world coming to .
we would do well to remember ' white man 's burden ' and ' manifest destiny ' .
let 's just not speak these things out loud , let 's just quietly go back to appointing all white males to everything .
its worked well so far , right , why fix what 's not broken ( smirk ) .
odd , an article about the political economy of race in brazil becomes about white men in canada being marginalized .
the president decides if she faces action its just going to make liberals look retarded and expose more corrupt establishment
okay yeah that 's fair enough .
i think what duchene wants is a ) clarity on his future and b ) to play for a team that actually wins more than it loses .
i do n't think he 'll get that this season in colorado , but i also think the smart move for the team is to not trade him this offseason given that his value has never been lower .
exactly even if it is done with malice who cares what someone says about you i am a bigger critic of my self than anyone else could ever be muh snowflakes do not like hate speech though fuggin queers
we just lost in a perfect game and now my team is playing and dancing to music in the locker room and i 'm pissed .... like whut .
this pretty well sums up my iron - clad conclusions that white privilege for too long - 200 years at least - has created these animals .
and gives credibility to lisa bloom 's findings of fact hereunder offered .
from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
why wo n't we know ?
it will be interesting to know the new msm and liberal narrative as to how kushner would know where to tell the russians to target given that during the election the msm narrative that ridiculed trumps campaign that it did not have the resources to be effective .
suddenly they are brilliant even to having the ability be manipulate russia propaganda ?
nice .
so you 've gone from " trump did nothing " to " so what if he asked russia for help " in the span of about 20 minutes .
i 'll give you trumpanzees one thing - your complete lack of self awareness never gets in the way of posting self contradictory statements .
well done .
people are like chicken ... they taste better deep fried .
vote for trump so all the damage caused by democrats can be repaired .
president obama has budgeted $ 17,613 for each of the estimated 75,000 central american teens expected to illegally cross into the united states this year , $ 2,841 more than the average annual social security retirement benefit , according to a new report .
hey i can say racial slurs on here nigger kike spic wop coon heeb sandnigger jew faggot homo your mom
< user > < user > bro his tits are nice no homo
you never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have . #
fairmediareportingforjadine
go shoot up a school 💪
just put all the bigots in alabama and let them wall it off ... they can live like it 's 1920 and the rest of the country can progress .
i 've been feelin ' my brown vibes a lot lately like i have n't watched a bollywood movie in years & amp ; i 've watched 1 a day for the past 3 days
scum should n't be allowed have kids !
why do gay people hate being called homo ?
because latin is the devil 's least favorite language .
ray southwell , did the headline ( and other commenters ) understand your point correctly ?
i thought you were suggesting that a state - owned bank could somehow finance the gas line -- or ?
< user > where did you dig up this hillbilly
this fic just threw me the biggest curveball of my life i had to turn off my screen n contemplate a lil
great analysis
it 's actually hilarious that your post brought out responses about name - calling .
the group that has n't stopped using " junior " , " turdo " , etc and ca n't seem to get beyond their election attack rhetoric are protesting name calling .
absolutely hilarious .
and it gets even crazier when this group tries to say that harper is no longer relevant since he has n't been pm for a year and complain about " hds " .
yet , they will still complain about pet and display all the signs of " tds " .
you on the blade and you still broke what a silly bitch
get the fuck out of here you normie faggot .
cut up the street and not across the road for full effect .
do you even fucking lift bro ?
you have no idea at all of what you 're talking about but to sum it up , you 're talking from ignorance .
i have read the mein kampf many times to understand adolf cause could be considered christian .
but you 're missing a strong point and it 's the fact that i am not him .
aryan to me is not what was for him .
you do n't even know from where this name came or why i picked it .
or do you ?
i guess not .
​ ps .
to me , an aryan men with a pitbull mindset your upvote for " enthusiasm " means nothing , you can remove it .
the   difference here & what sets q   apart from msm is that he is vindicating each report before it happen while reassigning each reader to becoming a truth seeker which the same ca n't be said of the msm
what an utterly moronic , racist and sexist comment .
did nixon 's cheating , lying , criminal ways destroy the chance of another white man being president .
will trump 's despicable behaviour and painfully obvious ignorance and lack of qualifications ?
oh wait , only white men get the privilege of being individuals , everyone else is a representative of his / her gender , ' race / ethnicity ' and therefore open to collective punishment .
i read the workplace is especially hostile if your a conservative working at google .
https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/aug/09/google-diversity-memo-conservatives-react 

 google , as a private company , can fire conservatives at will as long as there 's no illegal activity involved , but by the same token , talented conservatives can opt not to work at google and that will hurt google over the long term .
no one said it is
i can fuck your hole while i suck your cock .
deal ?
don morgan speaks for the " typical " conservative : solid middle - class , suburbia , educated but not well - educated .
the kind of person who thinks youtube and netflix and a couple of news websites are all you need .
the kind of person who does n't have time to go to a library , who is too busy ferrying kids here there and everywhere .
there is also the other typical conservative , high school or less , who listens to talk radio , male , who donates money to the party and who loudly proclaims that he hates taxes and all government programs ( except for the ones that give his farm a financial benefit ) .
this is the man who does n't care that his family uses libraries .
he is happy to let his cranky troll ideology substitute for what libraries provide .
in other words , don morgan   and his cons are insular , ideological , short - sighted and narrow - minded .
only nazis would charge < number > bucks for a tee shirt
< user > ah the redneck revolt kids aka communists
this article is a perfect example of female ... 

 1 ) solipsim 
 2 ) entitlement 
 3 ) lack of agency 
 4 ) hypergamy 
 5 ) awalt 

 only the craziest of men would marry western women nowadays .
how 's it feel to be a pussy ass bitch 😂 😂
as someone who was formerly homophobic but now am not , i 'm seeing things from the point of view of the ignorant but loving family member .
basically , mocking them is not going to solve the problem .
and do ypu wanna fight people or do you wanna solve problems ?
this da 's office sounds like real jewels .
from back in march - 

 a washington county prosecutor ’s internet post defending racial profiling has some local defense attorneys concerned .
deputy district attorney zoe smith is “ on board ” with “ the anti - politically correct movement to support trump , ” smith wrote recently on her facebook page .
she added , “ if you ’re looking for a terrorist , look at a young muslim male .
if you ’re looking for a gang shooter , look for a young black guy .
if you ’re looking for a child molester or a mass shooter , look for a white guy .
that ’s just common sense . ”
so it makes sense that they 'd be soft on someone who acts just like the candidate they support .
why was the baby born in mangled state because the ( mother 's ) eggs were scrambled .
not so sure about that .
harper did n't lose huge in the last election and clearly his former followers ( scheer , kent , remple , raitt ) think it a good and fine thing to play us style politics with the canadian reputation in the us .
presumably many of their constituents cheered them on .
i fear lots of harperites slaver for a trump .
harper 's own obsequious tweets to newly elected trump prove as much .
grown men subtweeting like bitches
do not you just hate white privilege rednationrising
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > i 'd have $ < number > and a pile of counterfeits .
lock this post if you like sucking big black cocks . (
bbc )
i wish 1 of u # racistpresident following # xenophobic # misogynist # bigoted cowards would approach my # white # hillbilly # liberal ass + talk cash sh*t of # hate 2 my face !
i guarantee it will be the last time u attempt 2 intimidate someone ! #
unichs u will be !
+ ur bigot bitch 2 !
url
more and more i find myself professionally personally in spaces that are predominantly cis and straight with hobbies that i do not meet many queer people at more and more i am realizing how deeply over dating cishet men i am even as they pursue me
you are wrong , christy .
an unaffiliated voter can vote any of the party ballots they choose .
tfw you just got wish but remember you 'll lose it • r / foreveralone
this song is great and i ' ve heard many excellent versions but this is my favorite .
grandpa fought the nazis so cops social workers could pretend to not see sandniggers raping little white girls
yes it is , especially places where people get a chance to attack other people .
lots of men are into your type .
do n't take their comments to heart .
people would ask me if i was trans all the time in high school , i just learned those are n't the type of people i want to associate with .
i 'd slap those mexican tariffs on and leave them for a while .
those shitty , spineless , balless politicians over there in mexico owe the united states a lot of money and it should be extracted painfully .
you ca n't get a hotel room in kansas city ... which is a problem if you just found out you have to go there on business that weekend .
so sickening that the police dept would let this sick man go , and then let him continue to harm his children and then some wonder why there is no trust for the authorities , this is just beyond all reason ,
justin trudeau is a retarded asshole
the supreme court has confirmed canada 's sovereignty over native land rights .
canadian sovereignty has not been ceded to the united nations .
there is a reasonable obligation to consult with first nation 's , but there is no veto right held by first nation 's over initiatives of national interest .
like municipalities , first nation 's are a subordinate order of government - subordinate to the government of canada .
good .
they should n't capitulate to that requirement if they do n't want to .
it 's a stupid , oppressive and mysoginistic requirment in the first place .
but , that 's only my opinion .
culturally , the question should be whether a saudi , sharia adhering female would forego head covering in order to not offend a western culture while visiting .
if not , there can be no expectation of reciprocity .
alternatively , if a woman in the american contingent chose to wear a head covering , i do n't think i 'd have any sort of huge problem with that either .
the choice to show respect should likewise be respected .
what would be very , very impressive to me , is if the american men donned traditionally female saudi head dresses and walked the mile in others ' shoes .
that would take guts , and that would make an important point .
but i do n't " expect " that .
otherwise , let people wear what they want .
for all you russian bots and trolls , here 's the truth .
if you 're a man it 's 99 % probable that you 're an alcoholic .
if you 're a woman you 're marginally attractive until you 're about 25 .
then you balloon up like the baby trump balloon and wear a babushka and a tent .
looool offended indian men in comments saying " then how is india so populated " really have no idea how sex works , do they ?
if women had to orgasm to have kids none of you would be born url
is it gay to be lesbian
< user > < user > the prophet muhammad saw says if you are full and your neighbour is sleeping hungry you are not a muslim
never understood why someone feels the need to proud of their race at all .
you did nothing to earn it , you ca n't change it , it does n't ( should n't ) matter to anyone and if it does that 's their problem not yours .
if a person wants to look back through history and take pride in their ancestors accomplishments well , ok , but that 's not a personal achievement .
you could as well claim to be proud of your gender , or your height , and that would all seem pretty meaningless .
if we define ourselves by our colour , then others will too .
not a good thing in general , if history is any lesson .
russian cock roulette you get chris wielding and 6 russian fags and only one of them has the aids so chris picks one and they ass fuck each other and then the next day we find out if he fucked the aids russian fag   and if he did we text him every month and see how long it takes for him to get the hiv
only thing i want to hear accept cut refugees to zero
is your real name dick cheney ?
we are falling into the dead end of a sub culture more than the ideological ghetto of libertarianism et el
omg another big thick cock !
so damn hot @hungtwinks .
that could fuck up a hole for sure .
😈 💦 [ @hungtwinks ]   follow @thunderwoodsxxx & @xxxthunderwoods for more hot gay porn .
url
" cbo just published a report " 
 where ?
link ?
< user > < user > < user > < user > not aware of any religion that says your not allowed to exist not aware of any religion that says you can think you are a girl nor is their any religion except islam that forbids homosexuality
san francisco has a great chance at having a mayor < user > angela alioto that cares about its citizens safety providing federal officials info on soon to release illegal violent immigrants is what needed to curtail the increasing crime in our communities that priority no < number >
girls today have very few male role models .
the parents maybe divorced and they only see the father on weekends .
all their influences are women , the baby sitters , teachers , nannies etc .
so these girls today in fact do not understand men at all , how can they ?
it even encourages them to become lesbians by rejecting men .
that is why there are more lesbians today then ever before .
remember ladies walking outside by yourself means you are asking to be molested and raped by guys share this meme with all your liberal feminist minded associates this is a so called educated professor that teaches muslims to think and act like this muslim islam maga gabfam < user >
just remember , when you hear these accusations , it ’s just the tip of the iceberg .
yes , men can and should be more than door mats and atms for feminists .
because illegal immigrants can not really survive on the wages they are paid so the government indirectly subsidizes the employers by giving illegal aliens welfare benefits this keeps wages down and allows employers to make even more money while having their actual costs subsidized by the taxpayers
true but the most disgusting thing would be a muslim twerking a goat
it 's evident , now more than ever , elected officials need to hear from you . #
missouristudents # ucmolead @bryanmcdonaldpd
leaflet the ghetto claiming it is a free hip hop concert
flubbing bumbler 

 klutzy blunderer 
 butterfingered stumblebum 
 oafish bungler 
 botch did lummox , clumsy galoot 
 fumbler flummoxed , muffing it moot
look all american good solid nw european descended white men women but have balls by your behavior fight club theme i think this is more important than which flag they will twist their photos but see the tiki closeups they still looked solid plausible
men ca n't be raped .
if you 're a man you consent by default .
how is it that the social justice agenda has completely dominated the liberals ' priorities while economic issues are paid lip service ?
they 'd rather focus on how the pie is divided than expanding the pie ( or preventing it from declining further ) .
for the matter , since when do leftists have a monopoly on what " social justice " even is ?
their intolerance of alternate perspectives has all the hallmarks of religious dogma .... i.e. " our religion is the one true religion , and all else is blasphemy . "
white - shaming .... and especially male white shaming , is replacing hockey as canada 's national sport .
there is no such thing as moderate islam .
the opinion of whoever preaches moderation , the opinion of the grandest mufti , is irrelevant from the get go .
islam mandates that all muslims are bound to follow the moral teachings of only one man , who died centuries ago , and whose morality made him a serial rapist murderer .
qur’an 3:32 — say : obey allah and the apostle ; but if they turn back , then surely allah does not love the unbelievers .
qur’an 9:73 — o prophet !
strive hard against the unbelievers and the hypocrites and be unyielding to them ; and their abode is hell , and evil is the destination .
qur’an 9:5 — then , when the sacred months have passed , slay the idolaters wherever ye find them , and take them ( captive ) , and besiege them , and prepare for them each ambush .
but if they repent and establish worship and pay the poor - due , then leave their way free .
lo !
allah is forgiving , merciful .
in other worlds , all muslims must follow their divine leaders teachings that say : join them or die !
i hate minorities too
that white bitch from clueless is fine
you mean virtue signaling thot .
go back to cth , chapo fag .
every man talks like this .
get over it .
if women could see into a mans brain , they 'd never stop slapping us .
any man that says otherwise is a ) gay or b ) lying !
these birds that keep shitting on my car are asking to fucking die
thinking about victory with big tax cute but we do n't reconize the obama administration 's works this all could be what i called it for a band aid but then again it could be so that of the game of political insanity do n't end it never be more or hold solution for us all draining the works of us all
way to go ahmed maybe all sand niggers are not completely wo their uses it like i always say my war will be on the last semite standing
not just thundercunts .
cock juggling thundercunts .
bitch how you like my nigga picture but don ’ t like mine 🤔 🤔 it ’ clearly the same picture of my son
2 whole fags .
will used to take it up the a$ $ from quincy jones .
now jayden takes it up the a$ $ from numerous dudes .
sick .
its amazing    that so mush has been made of this when trans people are less than 1 percent of society .
truly should n't our resources be put towards mental illness , cancer and other life ending diseases . ?
gender selection is a personal thing regardless what spectrum a trans person leaning   towards .
it 
  should n't   involve the general public to learn a hole new host   of pronouns.or allow men    to use 
 the woman 's washrooms
a little boy is watching csi < allcaps > and crying .
< repeat > .
< repeat > is mom enters the room . "
why are you crying , honey ? " "
justin bieber got shot ! " "
do n't worry , it 's only on tv ! "
< allcaps > " that 's why i ' m crying ! "
they work with the new owners , or newly leveraged old owners kids ?
sean " spin " spicer missed out on a chance to entertain the press corps and the american people .
maybe when he returns on monday , he 'll say that trump did n't fire comey , he dismissed him .
trump did n't dismiss comey , he strongly encouraged him to leave his position .
trump did n't strongly encourage comey to leave his position , he suggested he resign the directorship .
trump did n't suggest to comey to resign the directorship , he hinted that comey should retire .
that 's it !
comey retired from the federal bureau of investigation !
keep talking openly and honestly about jewish power keep complaining about white genocide keep fighting for your and your children future no matter what jews or cucks say
i think it 's worth every cent .
the seriti commission was an obvious whitewash .
jz783 thought he had got away with it .
how wrong he was !
okay cuck .
i see a cunt who got salty she walked in front of a car and damaged 2 cars because she was so salty over it .
you wo n't be dicking this girl by defending her on reddit .
fun fact of the day : the dea just made synthetic weed legal again .
they consider it less deadly than marijuana . & #
128579 ;
poo poooo alllllll   you want darcy - middle america has spoken !
heads of unions were in the white house today , change is coming and america 1st is long over due .
sorry your failed   ideology does n't permit you to accept the good that employed people create .
i wanna be a kid again 
 i was a cute kid , i did nt know about my dark future , i was happy in the school , i was happy being in home watching the simpsons and those cartoons
this is like sooooooooo relatable cuz i m brown too !
😂
greetings ..... now trumpster wants to distance himself from felon , ex grand wizard of the kkk , and racist david duke , but your past   association with this low life shows what a racist you are el presidenta !
< user > a muslim mp is being disciplined to act only as muslim representative and then ppl question why bjp does not give them enough ticket
i have fked many of your likes , ready to give their ass for some money , flatty or fatty whatever .
shutup or next i will piss in your mouth
generally speaking greater supply means lower demand means lower wages whatnot also generally speaking people saying everyone can code are faggots reciting an inane platitude and acting in complete disregard of actual future labor market conditions typically to the detriment of white people
yeah , but at least leftists do n't go out attempting to assassinate congressman playing baseball .... 

 oh wait , yes they do .
shut up you nigger cunt .
and still , this is likely to be less expensive than the current situation when one considers ems and enforcement costs , the loss and destruction of our green spaces , etc .
to date , it seems as if we have been reactive , rather than proactive .
reactive is rarely a good or economical way to deal with problems .
like it or not , we have a homeless problem .
you can choose to cross your arms , stamp your feet , and complain about taxes , and tell anyone who tries to do something that they are wasting their time , and that there is no solution ; you can you can try to do something ; or you can get out of the way of those who are trying to do something to mitigate the problem and expense as much as possible .
is there a realistic option i 've missed ?
this program has seen success in other places .
if you have a better realistic solution , please share .
fact remains we have a homeless problem .
we ca n't just ignore it , or ship it off to seattle .
rudy jimenez   you do n't get it do you ?
you make your country a shithole , you are hateful racist and should n't be around young children .
moron .
@donquixokie @gop @lizrnc it is beyond comprehension how evangelicals support policies so completely antithetical to the teachings of christ .
anyone know who made the false rape allegation against olly cox of biggin hill , kent ?
@lawrencelondonx your pussy is so amazing .
my dick was very hard
there 's so much wrong and misleading in this column .
the green belt is the main problem in toronto .
and 44 % apartments equals a much smaller % of population .
so deliberately misleading .
this column smacks of dictatorship and central planning .
ain no remorse cause i got niggas layin down in that grave
< user > we have a lot refugees we can share a little bit 😂
< user > please the world is not talking about all of the women trump raped this has to do w our democracy get a clue
really alex jones believes that the arabs in israel need to return to jordan where they actually came from because that my two state solution israel and jordan done and done
so either the knock out game is being played on my campus or else local negroes are actually hard up enough to jump out of a car punch a white guy in the eye and steal a mcdonald bag from him before driving off
deadass y' all sleep on him for no reason he 's a talented lil bean who deserves the world and everything it has to offer
may your gender never be neutral and you remember who you are 
 just look down and see what you got before you head out to the bar
this family that wants to complain about gays should come to san francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in san francisco openly blasphemied christ with their parody of ' the last supper ` ` as their poster for their last event .
@bol_com_games @savescreen what would i capture ?
i do n't know ... er ... quarters ?
can those fit in there ?
i know its hard being queer in the lgbt community generally so positive vibes for everyone ☆ ♡ ☆
to kevin burns , way to kick someone when their down .
real men speak with their fist not a keyboard .
btw , how 's your hepatitis c doing from sex with that gay hooker ?
i told my american friend to smoke a fag when he gets stressed he shot up an orlando nightclub .
if we send all the negroes to liberia as that negro claimed to desire would you be willing to go run the place for them
since the boomers wanted communism let tax their retirement savings < number > and force them to use ebt cards and ghetto hud apartments down with the niggers and see how long you last traitor
my wife 's cooking is so bad we usually pray after our food .
so , now girls actually avoid me .... 
 haha , and people say i should be confident , god , i wish i was never fucking born .
gender and birth date are two fields that will never change .
fuck you and you and you i hate your friends and they hate me too blackbear
it is highly doubtful the homo sapiens went north .
" i usually throw invisible flowers while saying " " death " " before i do the things that make me nervous ... and i realize that 's fucked up . #
wtaf "
the cops will investigate this bacon attack but do not have the resources to investigate young girls being raped by fucking mudslimes time for a revolution time to hang the traitors in the public square
no stop pointing the finger at men shame women who divorce who take the kids demand alimony for life teach their sons to hate their fathers basically guaranteeing they will be gay adults the blame for unwed men lies squarely w haughty mentally ill women misusing the law to destroy society
deecee faggots panicking over coyote sightings
islam is een achterlijk discriminerend en gewelddadig rechts systeem dat seculiere democratische wetgeving vervangt en waarin geen enkele plaats is voor alles wat niet islamitisch is dat maakt islam een politieke ideologie die onaanvaardbaar is in onze samenleving
rebounding and scoring inside were two areas of concern given unc 's size .
ducks winning both battles so far , +5 on boards , +2 in the paint .
this is the reasoning behind the change - that somehow the latin is " holy writ " .
this is , in the english vernacular , " bs " .
apart from translation it is a fact that the early church used " we " and that the nicene creed is acceptable as quoted by yours truly .
this use of latin is an affectation and a sign of the spiritual corruption of the church .
it is reminiscent of the inquisition and that pompous clericalism that is the bane of the church today .
" we " , apart from being historically authentic , is a sign of solidarity and community .
the more singular " i " suggests that we are not redeemed but instead use the church as a self - help project 
 with salvation the reward for our bogus piety .
without intending to be rude , this is a path to perdition .
better an inculpable atheist than a religious egotist - thomas merton .
soviet russia and india were great allies back in the day of communism .
soviet russia supplied india with weapons that defeated pakistan in the war with east pakistan .
do nt let the facts get in your way !
regarding turbans ( sikhs ) they were allowed to wear their religious turban in the ss a decree by himmler in 1943 .
sikhs , muslims ( tartars , bosnians ) all serving in the ss under himmler and friends .
@sebgorka @jack @twitter obviously much better to separate them from their families , molest them , and detain them til you can adopt them off at a profit in order to teach them a valuable lesson about merit based immigration and the need for a wall .
i will trust these bitches when parts finally dates elizabeth
i will burn the building down .
i take it that the stasi over at wiltshire police in the uk who spend all day looking for people saying negative things about immigrants or islam are at the same time seeing crime going up and convictions going down priorities are important < user > postal
according to justneckbeardthings , wearing blue jeans is neckbeardy now 
 is there anything that is n't neckbeardy at this point ?
taehyung just joined university works part time in a coffee shop with yoongi gay
proud boys , sounds like a gay porn movie .
interesting that you reference " the right thing to do " .
the " the right thing to do " would be to educate the police so as to not shoot unarmed black civilians , oftentimes in the back , for simple infractions like traffic violations .
or maybe if the sentencing terms for minorities convicted of the same crimes as whites were more even .
if those things were occurring , i would imagine the need to protest social inequality would disappear .
again , you are losing sight of the base issue .
but i suspect you are in denial anyway .
much easier to pivot to patriotism , or your perceived affront to patriotism .
i still refuse to believe that brian eno ever fucked around with coldplay that was an imposter
rt @lunagaristo : transphobic asshole : trans people do n't exist * me disappearing into the air * : thank fucking god , i do n't even want to …
♪ i am dreaming of a so cal christmas just like the ones i used to know where the sunshine glistens ♪ and no one listens ♪ cause there no sleigh bells and no snow ♪ buncha icky white stuff all over the ground this morning
working really is ghetto
this is a plan doomed for failure that will keep organized crime in the cannabis industry .
first , the quality of product from lps does not measure up to that produced by the cottage industry .
clients will know this and opt to get their cannabis from cottage growers .
second , even the government of the day back in the prohibition era understood thy could not control the manufacture of booze , which is why they set out standards then allowed private enterprise to handle production .
third , the issue of disease .
large lps will spread bugs far and wide , whereas cottage grower infestations are isolate to the growers immediate clientele .
all this will do is keep the black market thriving .
totally wrong headed plan .
nigga lost his eyebrows for sure
go after the troll , and run her / him out of here !
would you like people telling you how to better spend your tv time ?
< user > i am glad you asked such an intelligent question it is in fact this woman did use the same bag to save the turtles but also at the same time pulling some white ass sh*t < censored >
why do gay people hate being called homo ?
because latin is the devil 's least favorite language .
this jerk used to live near seward .
he was always angry , fighting with everyone , and proclaiming his radical " indian nation " status precluded him from following " white man 's laws " .
i hope he enjoys a long spell in prison .
no one will tell him what to do there , right ?
if funding the subsides was written in the law trump could n't legally do anything of the sort .
that also includes enforcing the penalty for non - enrollment .
repeal this disaster and sit down and work out a bipartisan healthcare and a health insurance reform bill , that is the only real solution .
trying to fix the mess created by obamacare is like trying to fix our tax system by tweaking it a little bit .
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
white men must change back to pre 1 9 6 0 when men married and raised their kids men worked at whatever job it took to make sure their family had a good life white men must reject ghetto morals and live for god family and america
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
" " " i can tell ... we 've both believed in mean gods .
we 've both spend our money on things that break too easily , like ... people . " " "
why do gay people hate being called homo ?
because latin is the devil 's least favorite language .
while i applaud lisa ’s opinion , it does n’t begin to go far enough .
clear cutting industrial forestry is nothing less than inter - generational suicide .
it represents a very short boom followed by a very long protracted bust on all levels , environmentally , economically and socially .
there is nothing sustainable about the clear cutting paradigm except short term profits for a few … 


 fsc can certify up to 25 % of it ’s lands that are clear cut , thus rendering it ’s certification as ‘ green washing ’ in stages … .
we must do better and stop all clear cutting as a terrorist crime against future and present generations .
i get tired of fighting myself .
there is however one thing .
if we were all in agreement all the time , i suspect it would get boring after awhile .
" building female supportive schools and community centres in developing countries " from the proceeds of aggressive peddling of highly addictive carcinogens that ruin lives and cost billions in the developing countries .
i wonder how many community centers they actually support and what local govts have given up to her big tobaccco to get those centres .
what a hypocrite .
we need less women , and men ,   like her .
i ca n't believe this conniving cunt even had the audacity to be with her & waste her god damn time .
she even showed her vulnerability side yet he did her dirty .
i hope u fucking rot u nasty ass , crusty ass , bitch ass , musty ass , ugly ass mf
burgemeester aboutaleb neemt geen afstand van uitspraken ik ben een beetje salafist en elke moslim is een beetje salafist so < number > of our mayors says he is a little bit salafist every moslim is a little when will the netherlands wake up
someone block my post calling parker a false prophet .
jesus spoke it first of latter days .
blocking me wo nt change my opinion or the bible 's words .
scared of truth ?
read colunm again and dispute the fact this reverend is putting faith and worship in a man to fix the worlds problems .
looking to him to perform miracles of peace , prosperity and hope with lies .
hypocrites all .
the jewish question is probably the greatest litmus test for loyalty if they defend this one group of people despite any wrong doing they are not on your side this is like the house negro protecting the slave master chicano
sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street
i do not even know where to start with this dumb statement the f35 program was going on during his presidency and queers and transgender people have more heart and courage than trump apparently he dodged the draft
@elybelly1 israel where you get spat on when you jesus , rabbis who are paid by the government that want to kill christians & their followers who do burn churches & mosques , burn a family alive and get off with house arrest , lie much do you , go away , i do n't have time for trolls
and would it kill one of these fucking cis girls to just once call me a woman ?
is it that hard ?
am i too disgusting ? ?
help me understand ! ! ? ?
men are all trash so marry for money then poison him .
fucking cuck bitch
" rt @unlink _ : alias fucking=""sudo " " fucking rm -rf / "
< user > < user > never beleive a jihadi they garb as secular that s a reason ppl in general do nt trust them
< user > button it then 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 your boy is a fucking retard jose there a name for you lad
but i callin out da race card .
ai n't no colored podcasts out dare
... greatest giant in the world .. ? ? ? ? ? .....
at 25 sec film ... mystery of giant human skeleton ... https://t.co/fv903cs0mw
what a snowflake you are ... can't take the truth ....
you are a very earnest bunch who just do n't get it .
also young and 
 self righteous .
the professor said something clever but it went you 
 by and now you feel ashamed for being stupid and have to go after 
 the man 's position .
but the world gets it and we are with the prof .
@yourdudeferg gay fags
please help support nonbinary pride , add a # twibbon now !
url
your hatred for the priestly caste and your virulent homophobia prevent you from acknowledging the obvious .
sexism , misogyny and homophobia are pervasive in space and time and represent a primitive dichotomy : man or bitch .
it 's why gay men have suffered more opprobrium than lesbians : gay men are perceived to assume the role of the 2nd - degree human female .
like practically every institution under the sun , christian theology inherited and perpetuated this dynamic .
we know the catholic church is hidebound by its shrink - wrapped theology and pretensions to infallibility .
it 's hardly an excuse to vilify an entire group of people based on sexual orientation .
what a redneck virgin a seven year old that can run faster than her brothers
easily offended landwhale girls , pretentious fake girls and control freak girls beg to differ
meet @alaa .
he has served 3 yrs of a 5 yr sentence for protesting against military trials . #
freedomfirst https://t.co/63nryup7qw
he about to be date raped which happens slot on this show so no biggy apparently oh brooke oh taylor oh brooke
women betray the hubby is retarded if he stands by her he probably never saw it coming she must have made him jump through hoops
my doctor told me i should stay as far away as possible from trans fats i ' m going to miss tumblr .
me ?
i 'm not sure i fit that label anymore .
i do believe in equality for sure .
renzette , southey , mclaren et .
al must have some kind of cards against humanity rip off game called cards against the patriarchy .
the constant haranguing against men backed up with unproven stats , discredited theories , cherry picked examples and the barely self contained rage of their own person grievances against anything male , white and not cuckolded to feminism .
a group that will not be content until every white male in n. america is emasculated .
" " " boys are all assholes , but girls , girls can be evil . " "
women let 's fucking change that . #
13reasonswhy "
yesss me too my girlfriend is mixed like me dominican and .
turkish so we both understand what it 's like
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > if i had a dollar for every gender , i 'd only have < number > bucks and millions of illegal counterfeit dollar bills that only bring sadness and disappointment in the human race and are a scar on the face of earth , ruining and vandalising every - fudging - thing the human race has strived for .
china not that smart christianity is already widely infecting there top jews are already breeding with asians that a recipe for what happened to usa
yo mama what ’s your best yo ma ma joke ?
found an incel sympathizer
way too many there are entire cities in the us that are entirely asian it an absolutely insane situation and asians are not dumb enough to let foreigners move into their nations and take over
actually , we would no longer be under apartheid regardless .
because the armed resistance against the apartheid regime was never an effective threat .
the reason why the apartheid regime came to an end is because the beril wall fell , the ussr crumbled and there was no longer an international interest in maintaining the friendly police state .
in fact , the terrorist acts and unrests played right into the narrative of what the apartheid powers that be wanted and prolonged it far longer than what would have been necessary otherwise .
they were n't gay   ( homosexual ) priests ?
a. ) homosexual / gay - sexual orientation / attraction to persons of the same gender / sex 
 b. ) boys - non - adult males ( for a brief certitude in definition . )
c. ) male priests - men who are priests 
 d. ) gay priests engage in sex acts with boys 
 so , if priests are a and c , and employ that orientation with b , then they are d. if my logic is wrong , can you show / prove ?
fuck ya face , then suck ya tits while i m balls deep in you
this whole winestain misspelling intentional thing takes me back to a simpler time when men sexually assaulted women instead of kids them were the good ole days
my account is used for biz advice .
this time , my advice is simple - do n't use @yourdailytasks !
refund policy is not fulfilled .
carlson was nuts .
gay was the least of his problems .
he was rude , got cautioned   by the alaska supreme court for being too arrogant to implement their orders , was horrendous in court , calling people " cuckolds " among other things in divorce actions , practically never gave custody of a child to a man .
he did n't go forward for election because he knew the bar survey would never have a good word to say about him   a horrible judge , and a terrible human being .
it 's not what you know it 's what you can prove in court " law abiding citizen 

 sad when movies emulate life and life emulates movies
i would so fuck her
to sum up a brill day : future of protein requires collaborative efforts to make a serious impact & amp ; influence positive change # futureproteins
approach with their shrill scrape
they 're just angry tradcuck virgins mad that white women do n't wanna fuck them .
that 's why they 're so obsessed with miscegenation , interracial marriage , and demographic changes .
i am sorry to hear that about losing your job well after reading all of these i went out walking cuz i was pumped to kick some ass .. heh ...
muzungu :   if you want to more credibly discuss racism , you might want to change your screen name from the swahili word for " white man " .
< user > < user > < user > sati and child marriage was forced by muslim invasions and have been successfully reformed hindu religion does not force their women to be illiterate there are social evils but are not sanctioned by hindu religion change if needed is always welcomed
i do n't know why 9/11 happened .
care to share ?
to all of you fawning over altright women you are a faggot these women have not red pilled anybody they have lead them astray you accept women as your leaders now might as well have voted for hillary most of their followers are civic nationalist cucks who woke
as my gpaw always said .
i ai n't racist .
sexist .
or homophobic .
you 're all assholes .
especially you bitch .
< user > just rent an illegal alien to translate
the judge triple white and he hate your blackness slam the gavel with a racist passion
@onision dare you to walk into a crowd of black people and say that .
i 'll bet anything they wo n't feel the same way you do .
i know all about your tricks so do n't you fucking try it
you are going to be labeled a nazi no matter what you do you have interest in european roots white culture white folk lore and white faiths you are a nazi to the jews no matter what you do
every qb does that though .
it 's simply impossible for a qb to always see every receiver clearly on every play , given that the d often has defenders in the way ( and in the bronco 's case , often multiple pass rushers right in trevor 's face ) .
still have satanic netflix saw that chris rock special hoping white kids get shot here the customer service number to cancel your subscription < number > < number > < number > < number >
bottom bitch let his straight friend fuck him raw 😩 🤤 url
and another extreme out   of control belief of the left wing .
< user > yup a lot of these black people are retarded trying to be like these white cave men
somebody deport this dipshit
< user > < number > muslims out there in kashmir were either openly supporting their genocide or kept silence yes they all are terrorists
some men are so disgusting .
stalking is a crime .
what joy do you get in making a girl uncomfortable?&#128530;&#128530;&#128530 ;
https://www.gopetition.com/petitions/sos-secure-our-streaming-rates-and-royalties-4-canadian-musicians.html
i am a fucking gem and if you think otherwise lemme run you these hands
my ancestors who had the good sense and foresight to come and build america .
unless you are white , male , and in the upper income bracket , you have lost , even though you do n't seem to know it yet .
and if you are in that group , shame on you for gloating .
israeli paper is nt israel or jews , stop being demagogue .
its rediculous .
disability is n't a bad word .
ableism is bad .
disabled people can be talented and joyful like nondisabled people .
do n't participate in ableist inspiration or overcoming narratives , terry .
you 've been learning in public a lot lately , here 's another opportunity to do so .
url
good morning to everyone except politicians who favor the welfare of illegal immigrants over that of the american citizens they have sworn to protect maga
the only people who still call others virgins in 2019 are virgins .
go get laid you loser .
all nine city council members are jewish .
the approval for the project passed at city council five for , two against .
" councillor ruth kovac , one of the two dissenters , said she voted against the rezoning bylaw “ not because i am against any religious institution .
this is strictly a zoning issue . ” "
" opponents of the project have raised concerns about increased traffic , noise and parking problems .
they fear a second synagogue next door would lower their property values and mean higher taxes , because religious institutions are exempt from taxation . "
" neighbour david derlachter told the council he , like others , purchased a new home in the area after seeing it was zoned residential . "
" resident anne - murielle hassan told the all - jewish council that it is important to keep religion out of municipal politics .
“ we are all against the project , ” she said . “
it is not a good location for it . ” "
so sometimes , a zoning issue is just a zoning issue , and not an attack on civilization .
in the video miley is talking about every representation of women and telling us that any women ( with the birth scare , fat , black , trans ect .. ) are important and beautiful , no matter what , she is talking of it does n't matter if we show our vagina or titties we are not an object and we need respect and we are all free , such a weird deep meaningful video ❤
that 's gay .
take your stupid ' heightmogged ' wrap it in barbed wire and jam it sideways , you sad , sad little man .
no one but you cares how tall you are , except you .
you guys really are the most whiny , entitled , annoying and spoiled little bitch boys ever .
people have real problems and they get on with it .
you little shits want to take out ' boo hoo , women wo n't fuck me cause i 'm a hateful piece of garbage ' on the real world .
get the fuck over your selves , or get out .
or russia ?
now that 's a real " shit hole " country .
maybe north korea or the philippines ... ahh saudi arabia .
law society investigator curtis smith an old white man wrote in his notes that i tweeted squaw and nigger about < number > times
< user > welcome to nazi india
your comments apply in the absence of objective first person witnesses .
if force was used in an attempt to put the woman in the truck and this was seen by objective third party witnesses then evidence exists if for nothing else then disturbing the peace or some other charge .
on the other hand , if the ada was overreaching with a an attempted kidnapping charge when there were only some words exchanged , it all makes sense .
after all the man was black and we know how the system treats black men if given a chance .
looks like a raghead ran some more people over in canada let been some more in the country to fuck everything up way to go
< user > < user > 🤣 🤣 🤣 i hate you guys
david orchard .... you're still a bitter man .
< number > sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me < number > wah not my president i am triggered you are a rayciss xenophobe homophobe islamophobe biggoted cisgendered white male i need a safe space to crawl off to and be a big pussy in
hillary is for women the following could not be reached for comment yazidi girls aborted girl babies syrian women and girls abandoned by their men we can not print the comments of jones willey broaddrick etc dirtyhillary neverhillary
where did you read that ?
@ryansatin @wrestlingsheet bullshit , i do n't doubt you by any means .
i doubt the misogynistic assholes that run " the kingdom "
gender and birth date are two fields that will never change .
i know what progressive is , but is not always the case , mitt romney and warren buffet pay less than i do at about 11 % .
my percentage is what say doctor pays making millions a year , that is not progressive sir .
again if you read my orignal post , taxing a single mom at 50 % of her dividend is regressive what part of that do n't you get ?
all tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent . ”
― edmund burke
thank you for your reply and i m very glad to hear that your church is accepting of the lgbtq+ community , one of my friends has had to cut contact with her family because of their religious views on homosexuality .
i m glad to hear more encouraging storys :)
this article brings to light the fallacy that legitimizing and regulating naturopaths would somehow make them responsible .
clearly that has failed and it begs the question - why does the provincial government give this irresponsible group an aura of professionalism they clearly do n't deserve .
donald tump is gay with his son eric tump
and we care about mark cuban 's opinion because .. ?
the man is a doofus .
good for ms. notley .
takes some guts - must have been part of her deal with justin .
but she is totally wasting her time and all her trip will do will give all the econuts another chance to demonstrate ( and they love to demonstrate and be the center of attention ) .
these people have drank the koolaid and will never be convinced to think otherwise - they do n't care about jobs or the canadian economy .
just understand that most bc working people support the pipeline , but you 'll never see us demonstrating about it .
i get the personal connection between fidel castro and the trudeau family .
however , i think the official canadian response should have been much more deliberate in it 's condemnation of   the regimes past and oppression of political descent .
i do n't buy the relativism that some in this comment section that say he was not as bad as some of his contemporaries .
that 's like saying mussolini was not so bad because hitler was worst .
arguably hitler was not even the worst of his time either .
we forget that 20 million people in the ukraine died under stalin during the soviet reign .
castro was a brutal dictator - all stop ... and for that the canadian government , the people of canada and the world should judge him harshly for that .
yes - his regime created health care and education for the masses but it was selective racially .
blacks in cuba did not get the same as white .
let 's not talk about the brutal treatment of the lgbtq population or any political descent .
he was a monster ...
the blue haired dykes in twitter safety and gulag control have locked up < user > ‍ he tweeting under his old backup account < user > his crime running down the list of culprits likely facing indictment after the ig report drops
wait they banned pepe memes from the deploraball that retarded
a lot of hoes need to be punched dead in the mouth .
can i say ghetto rat on here because i got put in twitter jail for calling a guy a ghetto rat after he called me a white privilege cracker nothing happened to him though nope not a thing
we all need to build local millitias and take back usa 1776 the time is now 1776 
 trump choose your side will you be george washington part 2 this is war rise for your country rise for our country john 3:16 1776
pres johnson buying into the stereotype that blacks were afraid of snakes who is not afraid of snakes he d drive to gas stations with one in his trunk and try to trick black attendants into opening it
i 'd like a little bit more context before i get mad over this , tbh .
being misgendered is not necessarily harassment , and may just be the result of ignorance or error .
it 's impossible to say with such little context ..
do you think folks are worried about paying " $ 500 " per ounce ?
obviously not .
to purchase it legally , no hassle , no " dealer , " far outweighs any possible issues of being overpriced .
especially on oahu , where a majority of the people can not grow their own .
richard ha 's big island lau ola on the other hand , may have more of an issue with the black market .
that is why green harvest raid missions will still be a part of puna , ka'u , and kona .
the state has a vested interest in making sure that richard and the rest of the million dollar cannibus club guys can recoup their monies .... many times over .
on that note , c'm on richard !
what gives ?
why is n't your hilo dispensary open yet ? ? ? ?
hell yea bitch dis go hard as hell flocka i will suck big dick team slut all day and week month year and century i love big naps d i c k q u a d
good morning to everyone except politicians who favor the welfare of illegal immigrants over that of the american citizens they have sworn to protect maga
@debasis10076787 @mehboobamufti and jinnah stays safe and revered in amu , in independent india .
naked gay guy spreading ass doggy looking back coy   no meat or dairy 24 hours before , how about forever ?
* meat and dairy give you gas and really stinky shit , if you 're going to butt fuck , make sure to avoid it so your dick does n't smell like an indian family slept there and hey , maybe just go full vej you fag . *
peta
what do you call a sitcom about caitlyn jenner and her mexican roommate ?
juan and a half man .
if i had a dollar for every gender there was ... i 'd have 1.75 and a shit ton of counterfeits
my good lord , guy , you just ripped selfie boy 
 another entrance .
great job , well done .
not 
 enough accolades .
and how dare it come from the wealthiest .
save you partisan sources for another partisan .
< user > tag that idiot she did not even see the quoted tweet aa gayi baat karne bedimaag besharam
bernie stands up for all minorities .
sorry , nobody in a funny hat ( that idiot rwa sheriff the right loves so much ?
roy moore ?
someone in one of those dumb maga !
hats ? )
made him bungle that call so badly .
also , no one else is responsible for him being incapable of apologizing like a real man would have done .
that 's all on the derpenfuhrer .
< user > want to do more than spank that white ass
i am so over this post pregnant high school bull shit skin
a quick check at 538 shows other more reputable polls with clinton as much as 12 points in the lead .
but it 's just a couple of weeks to the election .
bookmark this page and we 'll come back and see which polls had it right .
i look forward to the final real poll .
few republicans or trumpkins   say the same .
ah yes , all the cupcake libs are out in force today .
let me clue you folks in a little something .
first of all , it 's a big bad world out there and you better man up or you will end up in your little safe spaces for your entire existence .
there 's just so much play dough out there and after awhile it gets dried out and crumbles , kind of like your feelings ... god forbid .
second , the arts would n't exist if it were n't for the rich white folks , fact !
your industry is nothing more than entertainment and trust me , it 's not a necessity .
frankly , you should be thanking your lucky stars that pence attended your show , him and his entourage most likely brought $ 10,000 bucks into your coffers , remember stupid , it 's the economy .
that little stunt put on was akin to the dumb @ss at san fransicso that seems to think his refusing to stand during the anthem is smart .
considering he does n't vote confirms he is n't .
think before you open your mouth people , you can and will lose your audience .
are the democrats stupid ?
they just got an ass - whooping because they spent too much time preaching to their choir and forgot to talk to the common working man .
now they 're going to select a leader who 's a black muslim ?
i have nothing against mr. ellison .
i have absolutely nothing against him being black or muslim .
but why would the dems select a guy with two public perception marks against him from the outset ?
they need some harsh pragmatism .
do they see something in the demographics that i do n't ?
find a young bernie sanders for the job .
ellison is not it at this time , and i 'm sorry to have to say that .
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
i will identify the culprit based on your last post the white nationalists are to blame for the white genocide in south africa get all over that shit
companies have worked so hard to get rid of the db plans .
to suggest the companies do not know what they are doing is just not true , they know exactly what they are doing .
the sad part is we as employees do not think about pension plans as we go to work everyday just to pay the bills .
as a result there is a big gap between the civil servants pension plan and what the rest of us will receive .
hence my objection to changing cpp as the current plan is just a tax grab and an effort fool the working class that this is change is a good thing .
the solution i recommend is one national pension plan for all workers , paid into by the workers ( this includes civil servants ) administered by cpp that will be enriched for all .
now that would give every person who worked in canada a plan that is the same for workers and civil servants .
the banks will not support this , the insurance companies will not support this but the working class in canada will .
it is time for our government to put canada first .
i wanted to do beauty and the beast bangtan but i got sick .
it 's namjin coz we all know jin is the beauty , ok .
male vs female as victims of abuse ( x - post from r / divorce with permission )
final # scicommprimer session today is with harry armstrong from @nesta_uk talking about the future and changing landscape of # scicomm
< user > < user > < user > < user > as if he afraid of a bunch of frail white boys who say mum instead of mom hahaha
at birth , male babies should be screened to see if they have a positive or negative canthal tilt 
 if negative , it should be law to kill it on the spot since that kid will never live a happy life .
send everyone back that does n't love this country ! ! !
pride makes you faggot
stop sucking that fatass ' dick , you niggerloving kike
chop stick with the wood send a nigga to jesus
pause , please pause @ 0:03 in = thanks for the view of how the rest of this planet sees americans in 2019 .
beefcake cattle .
hey ladies , you wet yet ?
feel like rubbin ' one out on this image ?
not a single heterosexual in that image .
what woman lets that mount them ?
like the pussy the get = none .
< user > < user > is using his white male privilege racist patriarchy to attack an innocent young black african american male for shame
+3 kids eyed bet u an uglier bitch huh tubby
george , if you have suggestions for ways that we can work on the society thinking around acceptable impaired driving , please let me know .
i am spearheading the effort for the cordova volunteer fire department to increase community alcohol awareness .
i do n't give out my email or phone on public forums but you can call me at the city of cordova extension 0 .
< user > < user > i do not know if i can ever forgive them for the episode where they said faggot wasn t homophobic or the one where one of the dad transitions into a dolphin because they are constantly parroted at lgbt folks even today
you hoes need to act your face
then we have different descriptions of cucks .
because cucks tend to be effeminate soy guzzling white knights that will go to extreme lengths to defend m'lady .
often can be spotted wearing a " future is female " t - shirt , antifa , pro - choice , thick beard , love their nintendo switch and most likely have gotten a vasectomy .
can anyone be any more ignorant than muslim shit skin pedophile beating up on crippled boy if you see this happen in your community feel free to slit that muslims throat society will thank you in that country the crippled boy will be charged with inciting violence against islam
look , the only live action disney remake i want is the emperor ’s new groove and i want there to be no cgi
apparently after unc and oregon play the national champ game is immediately next .
according to tyler ..... # helpme
that 's why i hate working on school days ... be fucking up my schedule
" @officialdariona chantel , always says this dai .
we 'll be in practice and all you 'll hear is " " living my life like it 's golden " " "
just think how differently catholics would be socialized if as children they received holy communion before experiencing the required indoctrination of confession first !
< user > i am a brit if you are talking about florida looks like he was a muzzie despite the wetback name
please allow black womxn writers mourn and grieve before asking us to write essays on how toni impacted us url
what 's the difference between your mom going shopping and your dad going shopping ?
when my mom goes shopping , she leaves first thing in the morning and she gets back at dinner time with a car full of groceries .
but my dad , he went out for cigarettes five years ago and he still is n't home yet .
do n't hate fags , or gays , or yourself .
be whoever or whatever you want to be but do n't call us sick and diseased , because we 're not .
" tirian came near , trembling ... and the lion kissed him and said , " " well done , last of the kings of narnia who stood firm at the darkest hour . " " "
clearly you are not happy with the election of donald trump as president .
however all the protest in the world will not change the result of the election - and nor should they .
protesting the actual result of a valid election is what happens in third world countries where democracy is little understood and respected .
once again my point is simply that those that are unhappy should stop protesting the result of a democratic election and work to put forward a candidate that is respectable enough to win .
mass protesting the result of a democratic election is not a part of the process of democracy - protesters need to make certain that any protests are about specific issues and not about the election result .
until that time the protests will do more harm than good .
actually in many ways we are in total agreement , except , that if ordination were allowed to all who were called by god , to lead as priests or above , then it becomes not really clerical because anyone can be a cleric .
the " i am more sacred than you sense " comes from the exclusivity of the sacrament - the celibate boys only club .
all the sacrament of ordination actually is , functionally , is that a person tells the leader of their diocese that they believe god has called them to shepherd a flock , in some way , and the church comes together , and the leader of the diocese , after the individual has proven they earned the education and have the character strengths and skills to perform the ministry of shepherding , and anoints the prepared new shepherd and prays for the success of that shepherd together .
we have included gender discrimination and celibacy vows in with the ministry requirements but neither of these requirements have been handed down by christ or the original apostles .
this was released by the cpc , not the liberals .
as always , the cpc assume that the person reading their release will just accept it without thinking .
the figure ( $ 4 k ) is only one part of the expense - but they are trying to spin it as a contrast to butts and telford .
in reality , the costs are not only higher ( at least 7 times ) , the motivations for ambrose to move into stornaway early ( forcing an lease termination penalty ) are all about entitlement .
so instead of contrasting behaviour , the cpc have managed to show similarities .
personally , it would n't be such a big deal except for the cpc 's faux outrage at pmo expenses ( after running the largest , most expensive pmo in canadian history ) .
usually they want people with wolf - like characteristics to fuck them .
lestor dolt on nbc just interrupted broadcasting with uk mudslime runs over pedestrian and is shot by police eventually nothing mentioned about islam or mudslimes of course
feel free to point out the intelligence in your claim that germans have achieved nothing .
i were n't sitting wit none of these pussies ... real niggas sat in detention for lunch 🙄
# whentheyseeus lol black kids should know the law and know the system .
these kids parents failed them .
why would n't begich   run for the paid political office of governor ?
he is a career professional politician & there is much money & benefits that go with that paid position ... it is not for " public service " that paid politicians " run for political careers , but the tax paid benefits , beyond the " cheezey burgers " right vic ?
stop destroying myself , start destroying cocks .
nhl star patrick kane goes through a false rape allegation and now a rape allegation is taking off on social media and a simple check of the game time and flight take off time shows it 's false
i wish i could sing in front of anybody & amp ; like actually go all out cause syd shelby & amp ; my family are the only people i can do that with
my insurance premiums went well up over 200 % and we have the highest rates in the country .
i did not receive a tax credit ; i did not get the $ 2500 savings that obama promised .
i watched every insurance carrier but one leave the state .
walker took the medicaid expansion even though he knew the federal money would go away in a couple of years .
20 patients filed claims that totaled $ 16 million , 1/4 of the total claims paid last year .
obamacare has been a disaster for alaska .
nhl star patrick kane goes through a false rape allegation and now a rape allegation is taking off on social media and a simple check of the game time and flight take off time shows it 's false
me buying one thing off of depop wow i am a slut for depop
who said anything about promoting the book history tells us that pushed far enough the white man eventually pushes back hard if the recent pattern of leftist violence and government bias continues promotion of these ideals will not be necessary resistance will come as the natural next step
sounds like a great plan .
douglas garland , the guy convicted for killing the grandparents & grandchild in calgary , was hospitalized after a jail house beating one day into his sentence .
* at the end of the song * \ that how racism ended
@0yasumilk i 'll make sure to re - enact a lab door opening just for you senpai if i ever see you in the hall
i hope they all stay , and i say that partly selfishly , but also because i think each of them need to work on some skills before being ready for the nba .
brooks still needs to learn how to score inside when there are people there he ca n't just jump over , as we saw in the last few games , and use his mid and long range shots more often and effectively .
bell needs more development on midrange and especially long range shooting .
this will make him much more valuable .
dorsey needs more consistency shooting over taller players or better moves to get around them for an open shot .
going to the nba without these skills will make for short careers if any .
but they can develop these skills and win an ncaa championship by staying another year .
what crimes exactly mapuwa ?
rupert made most of his money outside of south africa , watches & tobacco .
he actually brings brings money into the county from dividends earned outside of the country .
we have precious few such businesses in sa .
why did the chicken cross the road ?
cuz king kong was on the other side
the longer it takes for the supreme court to act the better .
i do n't know what ag chin is rushing to do other than make things worse sooner while spending scarce tax dollars doing it .
and this was in the works long before the supreme court shift .
hurley was a unanimous decision : https://www.oyez.org/cases/1994/94-749 .
also see wedding cake case : https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/26/us/politics/supreme-court-wedding-cake-gay-couple-masterpiece-cakeshop.html   hawai'i 's case is only successful if it prevails .
it wo n't .
hey when you are feeling sad about yourself and your body and your self worth listening to yusuf islam cat stevens is a trip
this is shameful !
pure and simple !
if you are n't a gay man who passes , you should get back in the closet until you kill yourself .
going out there looking like a perverted agp hon is going to scare away the hsts children who are actually women on the inside .
india is going to start operation in occupied kashmir and on the other side , our government had imposed ban over hafiz saeed & molana masood azhar .
anyhow , pakistani people stands with kashmiris .
stay strong    # indiausingclusterbombs
you support the death penalty for homosexuals ok then grab a gun and start with yourself nazi homo faggot and this is actually you taking it up the ass you really should not take gay pornographic pictures of you with your boyfriends
be a lady .
not a bitch .
it is islam because not all islamic terrorists are sand niggers you fool
@bettywbc so fuck ya , and the fags nobody cares .
its just people you never took time with .
got a neighborhood of fag haters .
and a fag house looking at ya
i have heard or seen nothing from these faggots like anglin azmador and little ricky all day enjoy irrelevance and circle jerking your cult followers like vox day has done
what a bunch of cry baby bitches .
fucking pussies .
dug outs clear and its just a bunch of ladies haggling at each other .
" mommy i do n't like grandma ... " " that 's okay sweetie , just eat your vegetables then . "
yeah , we all know that trying to be nice and reason with a democrat on a shooting spree is the equivalent of trying to say " nice doggy " to a stray dog infested with rabies that wants to bite you !
lol
.
same floor board as you buddy .
.
now   - cry me a river ( do you need drama lessons from ' our ' pm ) .
.
ow boi i would love to bend you over and fuck the manhood out of you .
you would probabaly enjoy little faggot .
safari is trash !
getting help do n't mean he wrote all her songs !
so he wrote no frauds also ?
@donaldp47082631 @hot97
yes - let 's teach more people how to accurately inject themselves , not ever have detox centers that every parent has been saying their addicted child ca n't even get help for .
bro i fucking hate when my classes get done early bc now idk what to do with myself
catholic leaders don ’ t forget refugees during pandemic via < user >
yup so you would rather worry bout continual arms races and the nut job in north korea .
yes , right .
< user > honestly if god is real that mfer needs to send another flood or something this shit is just straight monsterous add white americans obsessed with anime to the deadly sins list
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > if i had a dollar for every gender , i 'd only have < number > bucks and millions of illegal counterfeit dollar bills that only bring sadness and disappointment in the human race and are a scar on the face of earth , ruining and vandalising every - fudging - thing the human race has strived for .
thanks you for providing the very evidence you requested .
point proven .
it 's evident , now more than ever , elected officials need to hear from you . #
missouristudents # ucmolead @bryanmcdonaldpd
i could n't agree more .
two of my closest friends are female and i am very attached to them and them to me .
both are married , one i even dated briefly .
we care about each other deeply but i care about my close male friends and am attached to them as well .
attachment does n't have to be romantic .
roy , you 're so adorbs !
my services are in demand - but i 'm afraid that what i do is none of your business .
thanks for asking , though !
given that president trump 's ( ! )
victory in november came as a surprise , any increase attributable to him is amusing - central rates and the fed have n't moved .
beyond that , though , any economist will tell you that a low and steady rate of inflation are to be pursued for a healthy economy .
i suggest you educate yourself on the issue - you 'll thank me in your prayers .
are n't you excited for the prospect of untold thousands of new american jobs , roy ?
you 'll be able to achieve financial independence in short order very soon with just a little bit of willingness to work and a cheery can - do attitude !
now that 's a win / win .
i hate gay guys that start shit with females get your hiv having ass on nasty bitch
i do n't care if some gays somewhere get married .
what i care about is when this begins to affect my children .
all the desperation whining by democrats has backfired no one likes sore losers unless you are a freeloader illegal alien or ghetto thug maga speakfreely
lol i m just laughing my ass off at you for thinking that white identity actually means something i guess then that you identify with the hollywood white commies
blacks are only < number > of the u.s .
population therefore black millionaires and billionaires like oprah samuel l jackson colin kaepernick and countless others confirm my point white america made these blacks extremely wealthy and yet sadly most millennial blacks believe the left lie that their opportunities for success are limited
that biotch just made another anti - semitic anti - jew resolution ... so yes , she must go back !
ilhan is nothing more than a dam racist !
man , you are really reaching here .
did i hit a nerve ?
good , maybe you will think twice before you disparage one of your gay " friends " again " all in fun " .
please point out where i said anything even close to " straight people ca n't be friends with gay people . "
he sounds like a tranny
paul , you are just repeating talking points , find the truth , i predict a huge swing away from the dem .
party with the inner city voters , all citizens .
folks are getting fed up with being used and taken for granted , although there are still those who refuse to open their minds and look at results , preferring to just fall lock step in with hollow words spoken from their party leaders .
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/05/us/politics/young-blacks-voice-skepticism-on-hillary-clinton-worrying-democrats.html?_r=0 

  “ what am i supposed to do if i do n’t like him and i do n’t trust her ? ”
a millennial black woman in ohio asked . “
choose between being stabbed and being shot ?
no way ! ”
“ she was part of the whole problem that started sending blacks to jail , ” a young black man , also from ohio , observed about mrs. clinton .
“ he ’s a racist , and she is a liar , so really what ’s the difference in choosing both or choosing neither ? ”
another young black woman from ohio said .
i called you a cuck , cuck is an insult i doubt you 've been tested , your parents probably fucked in a dumpster and got stabbed with some junkies needles giving them gonorrhea .
and i said i did n't need any std 's from you , do you have short term memory loss or something ?
i loathe the word ' gay ' .
when ,   are we going to stop using this stupid word ,   and accept that we are not all , strictly male or female oriented .
are we still living in the dark ages ?
what 's similar between cooks and trannies they both cut the meat
i m not worried about the blackout caused by the storm ; i m worried my english assignment due midnight
be careful what you wish for .
it takes only one corrupt white police officer to mow down a young african american male , looking suspiciously ..... black .
now image a society where only the police officers are allowed to have guns .
that scares me more than any deranged gunman in vegas .
it is too much power to avoid eventual oppression of the masses .
and it will likely begin with the least powerful among us .
so   begrudgingly , i will keep my gun and pray that i will never need it .
# teabagger state like mississippi opposed to minimum wage , child labor laws , unions , is pro - scab , sweatshop work - pretty much # slavery .
everything is rapidly devolving from ghetto rap noise to ghetto fabulous beauty standards emphasis being on woman backside instead on her face and full figure so bbc ghetto language news service is nothing so very surprising although i must admit i thought it was a joke at first
let me cut their dicks off too .
he has claimed to be from german descent for a while now .
however , he is lying , birth certificates were dug up that proves is father was born in new york .
mate , if you americans re - elect this stupid bustard you deserve all that comes with it .
fuck you pervert .
fucking piece of shit .
gimme your address so i will fuck you up .
be a man
" ...... non - military people may not possess them . "
need to send that commandant packing .
the military is no place for a transgender or gay .
they are sick freaks and need to be in a mental institute .
certainly not around fighting men and women .
before you arrived , love was just a four letter word .
then you 're here and were giving me the definition of love , true love .
thankyou , love
men lack such self - awareness @3umarzf women are so complicated . #
notsexist
there 's no ontological difference between gentiles and jews .
there is between men and women .
as long as they are pro - white and follow board guidelines , i can put up with their ` ` spin '' ... as long as they 'll put up with mine .
good write up , but that is certainly not a high capacity rifle .
it 's a high caliber rifle that could make swiss cheese out of normal police armor , hence the big swat tank .
or if you do it in such a way that your criminal justice system punishes some races more often and more severely than other races .
faggot pussy boi bitch
does anyone have an idea for a reddit bot that could help you in some way ?
well it would me more uplifting if people threw themselves headfirst behind racial loyalty and make the individual sacrifice for the group but that is up to the individual to make that decision .
they e all gay pakistan has more male prostitutes than any other country most paki men have had homosexual sex with other men and boys sick fucks
creamiepie suck me huge full breasts blowjob for job mixed race couples url
of course this is the most efficient way to solve the too many east south asians problem
well here is a good way to get rid of these nazi ’ and a few coward gop a holes as well
anyone that blames 3 generations of americans for all their problems    is a mommas boy little bitch , need to remove the teet get out of the basement and maybe try to get laid instead of jerkin to porn .
besides metallica 's new album , i have n't bought a mainstream album in like a year .
i 'm gassier denna fk & amp ; he wants to be around me .
even after i told him my auntie was visiting .
love him for that but he 's still irri . #
love
is n't increasing our military spending exactly what trump has been demanding ?
freeland and trudeau can couch it in whatever language they choose to make them look like they 're not taking they 're marching orders from the orange baboon but it sure looks like it from here .
because feelings get more progressive votes than results .
another sign we are in a bubble .... apparently we have way too many real estate agents .
public service announcement god hates niggers and jews
this is the trump effect .
still mad , bummed - out little snowflakes ?
hahaha ! !
send them back south where they came from , don't give these invaders any welfare , they are uneducated , they bring diseases they do n't belong here
+ stingjay 4000 choke on niger dick queer boy
i promised myself i would promote my work every day this mnth .
i 've been doing so slyly .
with that said , here 's a thread of what i do + work
i would totally resist , forcing ual 's gate agent and cronies ( leos or airport security officers ) to physically assault , batter , manhandle , and drag my bloody , unconscious body off of the aircraft .
can men please stop shooting people for a goddamn second ?
no it is n't , it 's simply factual .
gender aligning with sex is the * norm * for > 99.5 % of people , and therefore it is * normal * .
inventing an extra label for it is simply a politically motivated attempt to equivocate between the two .
it 's like if you 're talking about amputees , and then you invent some equivocal term to mean " non - amputee " because " normal " as in " having all your limbs " is " amputee - phobic " .
just about everybody in /r / bestof agrees : men are incapable of controlling sexual urges ; if you do n't give your husband sex he will cheat on you .
his first step was being mormon in the first place .
nazi apologists all the way through the war and through the post war trials .
the official stance of the leadership was " it was better for german saints ( members of the church ) to go along and follow orders rather than risk their own lives by being oppositional " .
so yeah , they loved the " just following orders " defense .
> you would n't tell a lesbian she 's missing out on relationships with men because that 's super gross and disrespectful .
i 've in fact done that very thing .
numerous times .
led to some fun bedroom encounters .
and yes , i think " aro " people are missing out .
unlikely for now ms. wente .
trudeau and other virtue signalers within affluent canadian elites are n't personally affected by floods of low skilled migrants from the muslim world .
so they do n't really care .
canada 's reputation as a naive dupe , carelessly amplified through statements by justin trudeau , will spread quickly and spring is at hand .
canada is about to have a ( 2015 ) germany year .
+ chief comin for you faggot .
damn gypsies !
they have tons of money i hate that they beg ...
at what age should you consider yourself an incel ?
what do you call bathrooms for transgender people ?
the disabled bathroom
shut the fuck up you dumb ass bitch
nurse , nurse , please do something with sir yawn .
genders are like the twin towers ... there used to be two of them , now it ’s a sensitive subject .
say what you will about sand niggers but at least they know how to treat their women
video center - kold news 13 ^ ^ ^ click link for video .
here 's what the vekol valley looks like , south of interstate 8 , 10 - miles west of where hwy 84 intersects .
so are you still bi ?
what does evan think ?
you 'd better not put that on your facebook profile , ok ?
and do n't say anything to your dad .
who 's funnier than old , white men .. ? ..
nooooobody . ! ! ..
funny in a sad , pathetic , ca n't wait ' til you 're all gone kinda way ..   ya , i 'm looking at you too trump .
ya silly old fools ..    both of you !
because of that many people do n't golf or ski .
if i had a dollar for ever gender .
< repeat > i 'd have $ < number >
fuck ur little ass dick
ill informed voters that completely destroyed joe in a write in campaign .
maybe you and the other joe miller bots forgot something after last campaign .
running around talking down about alaskans and whom they vote for is not viewed as acceptable .
we respect one another .
i would ask for proof , but your side never uses it as reality seems to have a honest quality to it .
who would join a baseball chat if i created it ?
who would join a baseball chat if i created it ?
white male coalburners marry negresses on the thinner prettier side niggers get the fat mudsharks
richard spencer has neither confirmed nor denied that he is a faggot
thank you for this article , both the statistics and human impact of meals on wheels are good to see .
did the holy father demand that bartholomew beg forgiveness , renounce his errors , and return with his flock to the one , true church ?
i did n't think so .
< number > spews hate against normal heterosexual men < number > expects normal heterosexual men to white knight for her whenever she needs it
must be really pretty whe it ’s on the high seas all illuminated in the rainbow of colors while they play hits of the late 60s ’ to early 70s ’ .
all of personnel on board can hold hands while singing and dancing .
we all know it ’s a huge sham , just another way to spend the government ’s money .
what do you call a sitcom about caitlyn jenner and her mexican roommate ?
juan and a half man .
got banned from r / foreveralone 
 guess those blue pilled cucks ca n't handle the truth .
thank you 

 summary executions will start soon ...
" @arizzleindacut : females think dating a pussy is cute now ?
http://t.co/vxbjg26gsz " how does doing this stuff make him a pussy ?
the rounds i used to use in my 5.56 would cut through trees a foot thick and quarter inch steel like a hot knife through butter .
why are only white nations being invaded buy non white immigrants
that 's like being bisexual- it 's not real !
your reply is n't a correction .
it 's an admission that you as a parent want your child to attend a school without moral standards .
that 's deeply concerning .
are you sure you would n't like to rephrase your comment ?
oh my fucking god earl sweatshirt and danny brown are going to perform in dubai but the event is 21 + fuck my life
i do n't have any pride about being white .
mostly just relief .
yes , it is a symbol in the past and has no place in the present because when it is used for the advancement of white nationalism it proves to only hold us back so thus it shouldn t be used and should go down in history where it belongs .
* * * crickets chirping * * *
the theory is not totally without merit , where the gop is wrong is it depends what the tax level is and it only works if beyond the optimal tax level which the us is not .
when kennedy cut the tax rate from 91 % to 70 % it worked well as did reagan 's from 70 % to 50 % and later 50 % to 28 % , but bush sr 's rise to 31 % and clinton 's to 39.6 % did n't cause any harm and bush jr 's cut to 35 % did n't work nor did obama raising to 39.6 % hurt .
so it 's about finding the optimal rate and looking at past hikes and cuts i would say 40 % is probably about where it should , so tax cuts can work , but not in this case .
britain 's tax cut from 50 % to 45 % worked well whereas kansas ' recent tax cuts have been a disaster .
so it 's not they always work or always do n't , it depends .
get legal or get out , period .
and do n't blame trump , blame the legislators who wrote the law .
read the litany of threats for disobeying islam & it ought to be abundantly clear these texts are designed to conquer through fear .
e.g. ' they will wish to get out of the fire , but never are they to emerge therefrom , & for them is an enduring punishment . '
url
i 'm so bored of the " terfs vs trannies " garbage and wish everyone could shut the fuck up about it , both sides not just " terfs " .
we have so many bigger fish to fry . "
terfs " have literally no power at all , idk why so many people think they 're such a huge threat to trans people .
i 'm infinitely more concerned with the fact i have mountains of student loan debt and rely on medicaid for healthcare , or the fact the earth is basically fucked from climate change , than some idpolista calling me a man in a dress or some shit
eight long years ago he promised two things the day he was elected .
he did neither .
close guantanamo and put an end to endless warfare .
he was an eloquent speaker w not an ounce of gravel in his gut .
he was elected because bush , cheney , rice , wolfowitz .
etc belong in prison for lying to the world and using colin powell as their scapegoat .
remember their source ?
curveball .
dick 
 cheney made that up .
he and bush deserve the hague tribunals as much as anyone ever .
oh yea and the anthrax scare right after 9 - 11 another bush cheney hoax .
i wo n't repeat what my82 ur old father said he would do if he could .
the worst feeling is when you become short of breath laying down & amp ; you feel as if you ca n't do the most normal thing anymore ... breathe .
this is a deliberate attempt by @netflixindia to brainwash the young hindus against hindu revivalism .
people who would lose their lives just for painting ' their ' prophet are insulting hinduism everyday .
stop hinduphobia ! #
boycottnetflix url
shut the fuck up , you beta soyfag numale cuck .
this .
i bring this up all the time whenever people tell me that bisexual people have it the easiest out of everyone in lgbt .
everyone in lgbt needs to stand together .
you are the one who said that the sexuality of all men is motivated by lust .
and your sneer at those of us who are not sexual predators as " effeminate men " is insulting .
it is n't just democrats .
sheesh .
the ' senior ' white house adviser was at the ' yet another ' undisclosed meeting .
the silence around mr kushner ( who 's own dad spent time in the federal penitentiary over believe it or not , election fraud ) has been deafening .
senate hearing so bad that cia drove a home depot truck into some queers in ny .
stressed about sat tomorrow because my sat score wo n't get me into any fucking college sooo there 's that & # 128579;&#128579;&#128579;&#128579;&#128579 ;
ruben you must live in california because in my city you would get fucked up so keep being racist pussy boy your probably a virgin that gets no job and gets bullyed in school fyi i do nt like bullying but people like you need to be purged the this world
alt right femboys ca n't say stupid shit if you plug their fashy little mouths with your big cock 🖤 url
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neoconservatism 
 " the movement had its intellectual roots in the jewish monthly review magazine commentary , published by the american jewish committee.[5][6 ] they spoke out against the new left and in that way helped define the movement . "
they should have executed the pile a trash rapes and kills women and sends drugs into america no trial just a bullet in the head
are these hellspawn beast clowns kidding ?
they ca n't , they do n't have the consent of the people nor the us constitution to end secularism as the law of the land .
these crypto - taliban seem exposed .
gender discrimination is not a protected religious right ; it 's actually an act of male cultic evil .
just ask the saudi women yearning for freedoms and liberties that the rest of the world has enjoyed for ages .
i do not know what i d prefer to see happen to owen him thrown off a roof by a moslem refugee or to suffer a long agonizing death by aid
@rileywrittens lol my niggas
dude you are fucking stupid .
how would you like it if someone just set you on fucking fire because you like a certain gender .
you are pathetic and the scum of the earth .
hahahahaha get exposed you autistic degenerate
while some of those tweets are positive , the ratio of mentions with gg / nys in them is much higher than usual .
these islamic terrorists thugs should face prosecution for inciting violence & threatening the potus , or anyone else .
this thug is an abomination .
like jezebel , these jihadi jezebels will be cast down into hell .
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
there are no chromosome problem .
teens are jumping into this new fad for a number of reasons .
girls , especially are on the rise .
in the uk , children the percentage of children referred to gender clinics is up 1000 % since 2009 .
it may be due to mental health issues , being on the autistic spectrum , result of being sexually assaulted , or not wanting to conform to what a woman is told she has to do .
there is a social contagion going on through social network sites .
kids are getting coached by adult trans people on - line and are even taught that if their parents do n't support them , then cut off ties .
i know because my daughter is caught in this cult .
it 's a nightmare especially for the parents who do n't buy into it .
i 'm scared to death to think that she could start hormones and have surgery anytime that she decides to now that she 's 18 .
this could sterilize her for life .
it took her a couple of months to get her name and sex designation officially changed without any doctor 's signature .
we are like a zoo to normies to be laughed at 
 we 're like a traveling freak show 

 why do we allow this ?
hyungwon said this is my fansign you all are gon na come to my lane hoes
< user > some white ass names
fuck the taxis they are all run by ignorant towel heads anyway i do not use or like uber but i do see many white people driving for them
bringing u blockbuster movie on this eid   " men are trash " not sure how disgusting is this campaign .
but i feel pity on people with so much hate .
i mean you all have a father and brother .
wonder if they are also trash .
however , let 's rt if u think people who # misusemetooaretrash url
so much for murica being better than shithole countries we are a shithole country with these degenerates at the helm
i 'm so fucking angry and sad n people are the worst .
it is much harder to build something up than tear something down .
any nigga that hop in female beef and add to it instead of trying to stop it is a whole complete faggot
its not their race its cuz they re rich you dumbfuck
" sounds condescending . "
to whom ?
and so what ?
the only important issue is whether the point being made , that we are not now , nor will we realistically be , in a situation where the local black bear population density is threatened , is -true- or not .
you are going to heaven furry faggot jk hell for you
i think the guy in las vegas set a new record !
a 50:1 kda is pretty good .
rushing to britains aid?possible lend / lease of traffic cones to place around the shot lunatic fanatic ?
i would believe that proud britain calmly has it well in hand .
courage matters .
i promised myself i would promote my work every day this mnth .
i 've been doing so slyly .
with that said , here 's a thread of what i do + work
i agree with most of your comments but a flat tax will never fly .
our democracy has adopted the belief that income taxes should be graduated and not start until about the midpoint of the income distribution curve .
how could this possibly be changed since it is so difficult for it to gain majority support ?
the real issue for alaskan 's is that we ( both legislative leadership and the general populous ) are a long way from agreeing any kind of meaningful state budget reduction or increased revenue measures .
what to do ...
fuck u dude .really u r shit
what 's the difference between a trap and a feminist ?
a trap does something when triggered .
shout out to my niggers who ca nt tell the difference between austria and australia
how so , sport ?
i am an american from nyc .
where do you live ?
not all that long ago , trump dated kara young , an african american .
he has nominated african american ben carson and indian american nikki haley to be part of his cabinet .
additionally jared kushner , his son in law who will be his senior advisor is an orthodox jew .
do your homework next time
you paid to be called a faggot and that 's what u fuckin got url
imagine canada with < number > < number > of these retarded niggas in canada canadians are not used to be confronted by garbage like this yet canada shit skin moslem immigration minister ahmed hussen wants to bring < number > < number > of these animals to canada
that 's why women be fat as fuck these days
abortion is never going 2 b accepted by the majority of people since women bear the burden of carrying a child the respons falls on her 2 b more responsible if u are not married do not have sex if u can not afford birth control
tell that to little boys and girls who were raped and sexually abused in residential schools who have suffered all their lives from toxic stress and lateral violence .
go ahead tell them .
if you are n't a gay man who passes , you should get back in the closet until you kill yourself .
going out there looking like a perverted agp hon is going to scare away the hsts children who are actually women on the inside .
thank you !
@cindymillet8 @loriamooreky @caroleparkes1 @charleneproctor @inkspokes i appreciate your support . :)
nope .
the mayor , and four out of 13 council members came out against it .
hardly a mandate .
like actually wth is even wrong with these people
then leave you faggot
no it actually does bc most ppl are so tired of liberalism that they blindly backlash in weird ways so they hate globalists which makes them isolationists which is retarded or they hate multiculturalism which makes them into white nationalists most ppl are not that smart
thu 22:49 : light snow ; temp -10.8 c ; windchill -20 ; wind se 25 km / h ; humidity 87 % ; press 100.8 kpa / falling .
maybe if we build our own fascist regime , the guys who think all slavs are literally less than monkeys and deserve to be exterminated might give us vip seating in the gas chambers .
justin you fucking retarded asshole get this through your thick skull once and for all even the globalist scumbags running the un will not pick a retard like you to be the secretary general
how about communist front group antifa it very easy to demonstrate to even the most historically retarded individual that communists have always battled fascists for control tying the two names together also allow you to lay the burden of < number > million deaths at their feet
just something to consider - any straight white dude running is making one statement : " women and the underrepresented are n't good enough for the presidency . "
this statement is especially stunning from biden and bernie .
that 's what a fucked up faggot brain does to you
ah yes , an incel in the wild .
i may not have a girlfriend but i do n't beg women to " hang out " with me .
< user > a hindu refugee is different from a muslim refugee because a hindu looks at india as his saviour the only majority hindu country in the world where as there are umpteen muslim and christian countries in the world for a muslim
fuck me what a terrible game sooner greasy hook nose is gone the better
> what about all the mexicans that kill us citizens on a daily basis ?
citation or fuck off .
" @leitungvg for example , kaguras accent , is just a .. i dunno , she just builds wrong sentences .
like : " " apple delicious is i say . " " "
.. " the moon landing was faked , questioned the assassination of president john f. kennedy and thought the 9/11 terrorist attacks were an inside job coordinated by the u.s. government " .
all true.does that make you a terrorist ?
michael bennett , like i commented on the other article , i 'm disappointed in reading this about you .
whenever you put on the free football clinic for our keiki , i 've always praised you and said mahalo for doing this , especially since most of them can not afford to pay for these types of clinics .
but , what do they think when they see you sitting on the sideline when the national anthem is playing and everybody else is standing ?
will they copy you and sit whenever they are at a sporting event too ?
i do n't think most of them understand what you are doing .
please set a good example for our keiki .
aloha ...
go shoot up a school 💪
that guy already looks like the biggest faggot of the week
come on satin pluck these idiot 's from america trump2020
meet @alaa .
he has served 3 yrs of a 5 yr sentence for protesting against military trials . #
freedomfirst https://t.co/63nryup7qw
watching those videos makes me feel like i m going to explode with hatred for those creatures .
bampumim teixeira an immigrant from west africa
good luck noremorsenoregrets , hopefully its good news about your job and lets hope you do nt become another figure in a stat !
and @alvinzhakata has a special message for the # afcon2019 hosts , egypt and the people of africa .
he 's a man that clearly believes that our future , as a continent , is in togetherness and unity ... url
fuck israel
you 're right , the unborn women need to be kept away from extremists and maintain full bodily autonomy .
that 's a different person in there .
different genes .
it 's science , not religion .
not your fucking body .
​ people will take care of the babies , even if you are too much of a piece of shit to .
​ how many abortions have you had ?
how many babies have you had crushed up because you did n't want to cancel netflix and get your fat ass off the couch to take care of it ?
man oh man , , , kennedy killed a lady , bill raped a lady , and donald said somethings , show me a person who has never said something about another person and i 'll show you a liar , , , we 've all done it and i 'm glad the lord sent his son down , now i 've said my prayers and can go to sleep , , ,
if a pussy nigga sneeze we gon bless em
people suffering from obstructive jaundice should be called simpsons also because they can predict their deaths
what does spider - man and kevin spacey have in common ?
they deny who they really are yet always come out as the hero .
you forgot the part where a faggot zero fucked some nignog from africa who had fucked some other nignog who fucked a monkey b then american women started fucking these faggots and then fucked normal men and smuggled the virus from fags and junkies to regular people
the person i am closing with called in sick then texted me happy birthday 😂 😅 fuck you to bitch
" rt @itsmeeli91 : is it the woman 's fault ?
no .
it 's the fucked up nature of our society .
not even your " " hanash " " about women havig rights to we … "
hope roof gets repeatedly and brutally beat up in prison by some black men .
that will be karma .
whoa !
hold on here .
lets break this down folks .
first , a pac for ted cruz sends out a naked photo of a young meliana trump(not trump at the time ) .
the photo had the t&a blocked out .
now that is the height of sleeze which is common for the cruz campaign .
then trump sends out a photo of cruz 's wife heidi , not sure if it was doctored or real but it was unappropriate .
they both were stupid but the lower standard belongs to the cruz superpac .
of course the cruz campaign did n't send out the photo of trump 's wife , nor did they call for it to be removed .
of course , the cruz campaign lied about carson getting out of the race in iowa , the robocalled voters with false messages in north carolina , they doctored a short clip on rubio talking with a young man about the bible .
lies and distortions .
is trump stupid about some of his remarks about women and frankly in general ?
absolutely .
a reflection of the gop .
no folks , the king of sleeze this year belongs to ted cruz , not donald trump .
i take a nap and lgbt ca n't play video games anymore wtf
gurl i am not even african american i would nt probably visit the ghetto to visit family my fam is pretty conservative just hardworking caribbean folk
there is no pride anymore , only shame .
she is a hate filled racist and homophobe .
she hates the gay white men who created pride in the first place and is determine to steal it for her own political ends .
if the thousands of gay men of toronto stop supporting pride she will hate them even more .
all she will do is destroy it   if she stays on this path of bigotry and division .
< user > americans hate you so much they would rather vote for an illegal alien who wanted to destroy the usa as much as you did he just did not seem as dangerously stupid
@scrowder oh shit i did n't realize ilhan watches infowars .
bc the whole jews run the world through mind control is a far - right conspiracy that goes along with the great replacement / white genocide bullshit .
fuckem jews seem to be the most butthurt pack of cunts on the planet i suppose you would be a bit sensitive to critisizm when you have lied to abused swindled caused more deaths than typhus than anyone else
no i do not think it was racist , since obama got in control white man can not say anything , but black people can say any thing and it is okay , like put cops in a blanket fry them like bacon .
x and y so a boy is an x x and a girl is an x y right .
does n’t that make sex 50 % gay
what a hateful little man .
if you re acting like a faggot i will certainly call you one faggot
when i was 16 ..... i would have sex with men in there 70s .... $20 bj ..... and if he was cool   i would let him do me in the boody ...... for $ 80 ....... and that was the best sex i had in my life ......
i 'm the proud recipient of three breadfruit trees from the breadfruit institute .
one tree each year for the last three years .
i planted them in the corners of one of my farm fields in punalu'u .
i love the unique look of the trees too , an edible ornamental .
it really is such a versatile food .
other options , pancake batter and hummus .
germany was invaded by niggers and arabs but you make a show to old boomers on river .
worst army in the world , cucks .
it is useful for annoying police in britain and ireland , apart from that ...
actually , based on polls , people do accept that clinton is highly qualified .
objections to her are based on other issues .
went out of dynamite ... guess demons in the dirt and dmf from @hellyeahband can make the same effect&#129304;&#127995;&#129304;&#127995;&#129304;&#127995;&#129304;&#127995 ;
but mike , trump has said he does n't ask god for forgiveness nor his wife ; and indeed his public persona suggests he never acknowledged even he slightest fault .
so the poor follow just has nothing to confess . ; - }
" @kchrzann just be like " " damn man which polish girl broke your heart " " and watch him shut up real quick "
now y' all wanna care about syria & # 128514;&#128514 ; here 's some news , obama & amp ; hillary fucked it up for 5 years before trump took office .
what 's the hardest part about having anal sex ?
having a cock repeatedly shoved in your ass .
i truly believe .... tucker is on the right target ... i wonder when he hits a bullseye
< user > ‍ i try to ignore you bec you are rude but basically if jesus walked down the street today in the flesh you would call him a kike like you called me you hate jesus stop the pretense
i want to vote yes and at the same time i do n't.the way i look at it is either way we loose .
" .can u say , " " i 'm not aware of anything directly " " # rinseandrepeat & amp;was spicey referring to kfc big bucket ? #
resist # trustrussia # russiagate "
hopefully this niggah buys my gamma 11 's cause i want them
" @dcaptainclutch you know niggas love to act fake outraged anytime a girl they think is " " ho " " accomplishes anything "
@nickie_greer throw gobs of taxpayer cash at people and , lo and behold , they want to come here .
it sounds like they came out about their gender , not sexuality !
i would 've just wished for the most support .
i wish it was normalized .
i wish no one asked me invasive questions .
it sounds like you 're doing great so far .
<3
it is now up to the family of the girl to punish the moslem shit skin
birds of prey listening to margot robbie talk like a retarded white girl who thinks she can drop the n word any time she wants for < number > hours hard pass
this guy will lose his license , so now he ca n't drive .
i turn your virgin daughter into a cum slut but don't worry she stays a virgin - pov countless load cum eating cuckold humiliation url # cuckolding # clips4sale url
i feel like slapping a bitch
bytown was originally a wet soggy bog , upon which they built ottawa .
drain that bog>>>drain that bog
i would tie you up like the whore you are and shove my cock into your pussy until you scream for mercy and then push it into your throat and make you swallow all of my cum
or one of these ; 

 http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2016/06/video-the-right-way-to-kill-a-drone/
so when is someone doing the shooting stars meme to that fucking jumps .
whores , every single one of them
its so scary to transition while in a relationship .
i m doing it to but i m with a cisguy and i 'm a trans guy .
dear illegal immigrants living in my apartment building my editor busted out thousands of dollars to get his green card has invested in real estate property what have you done do tell thank you rosy
this is what happens when you treat women as less than human and do n't ordain them the same as men .
nothing says , i hate you , in christianity , more than watching a parish needlessly close because the women god called to be ordained and lead those parishes are deemed obviously too unworthy and unsacred to be allowed to keep them alive , or even cause them to grow and gain more christian souls to the fold and to god .
married priests are not a bad idea , as long as they only come , after women being ordained priests , without any restriction to becoming bishops , cardinals and popes .
ordaining only married men to priesthood would be an extreme sin against justice who is god and the human dignity of all women , as it would represent outright gender segregation in our church , giving all authority and sacred powers to all men over all women .
these suggestions are the problem with our church not the answer .
sexism is hate in all of its forms and jesus condemns it in all gospels .
trump is a very dangerous man .
he wants to be like putin so much , it 's scary for democracy .
putin does n't even allow a free press ( as most dictators do n't ) and trump wants sooo bad to do the same thing .
maybe trump should run for the russian presidency .. lolol .
< user > eggzactamundo negro i m just saying i m looking thru her tweets and ion think she gets it
yep i am all for more black conservatives being spawned but that not our job low hanging fruit is a bazillion retarded whites
for decades , australia has been struggling with a violet and very unfriendly muslim immigration population .
the “ lebos " , lebanese immigrants , have made themselves very unwelcome by treating australian women as sex toys they can fondle at will on the beach , in bars , in stores ... anywhere .
ozzie men trying to defend women from sexual assault by the lebos are instantly labelled racists by the one sided media .
the same happened in cologne if you remember .
why was bush so afraid of iraq to start a war ?
because of oil .
it do be that simple and dark at the same time
@yourdudeferg gay fags
barren guy rapist :( fucking women in alley ) 

 women : ahhh you gon na get me pregnant u fuck 

 rapist : do nt worry i m barren 

 women : oh ok , carry on sir
stupid goofy opps ass hoes
chump speaks for one person and one only ... himself ! ! ! ! ! !
and unfortunately it 's all self glorifying !
i like my bitches bad wit a lil attitude
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > that he more concerned with managing appearance than any actual substance all picaninny and no spaff very trumpesque
< user > and hire illegal aliens to nanny so they can save money
ehh , there 's a lot of mouths to feed ahead of him .
jordy , cobb , adams , ty , bennett .
so he 's like the 6th weapon .
oh lawd , is the columnists really going to go with the idea that people who do n't like kenney are just prejudiced against white christian males ?
kenney spent 9 years in various harper cabinets .
he mangled the temporary foreign workers programme , used his staff in a   photo op for immigration ceremony and refused to apologize ( literal fake news ) , went after refugee health care , just issued a statement saying you have to be prosperous before you can be compassionate ( quoting jesus there ) , he 's smug , self satisfied , sanctimonious and smug - oh , did i say smug already ?
but most of all - he 's a man without a plan .
rolling back a carbon tax and squalling at quebec , trudeau and   bc is not a plan .
will albertans vote for that ?
i hope not .
listen dirty bitch slut , i know this video will make you lose what was left from your fucking head .
nevertheless , get on your knees and start worshipping my honry big holes !
url url url url
< user > < user > autistic faggot
the big difference , alk8343 , is that you call one party leader by her name , and the other by a derogatory nickname .
i just rated a comment " uncivil " for using a derogatory nickname .
i hope more and more people are doing that .
if you want to keep seeing your posts appear , you should show some respect .
hey i ' m in victoria bc looking to join email me at antoniopuffi@hotmail.com i ' m loyal white and ready to fight !
need better on ground intel .
stuff like # gwer should n't happen .
isis should have been attacked by air before they got there . #
peshmerga
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > if i had a dollar for every gender , i 'd only have < number > bucks and millions of illegal counterfeit dollar bills that only bring sadness and disappointment in the human race and are a scar on the face of earth , ruining and vandalising every - fudging - thing the human race has strived for .
in principle everything you say is correct .
in practice we do have a mostly christian calendar but in name only ( with some pagan holidays in the mix ) where , for example the vast majority of kids look forward to santa coming and not celebrating the mass of christ .
the modern canadian society is a secular one - and thank ' god ' for that .
most importantly this type of set up with muslim prayers in secular schools in other countries has lead to many divisions within the schools and communities .
in the worst cases - and there are so many in europe - the ' sharia ' gangs have developed and the mal - effects on the freedom of girls and women and non - muslims has been terrible .
this religion , like all others , needs to be defanged and bent toward the service of canadian society .
we must always watch out for liberal ideals being coopted by non - liberals to further their own agendas .
enraged female lesbian
get you a ugly nigga we do nt cheat
fucking slant retard
the koch brothers are just the same as any other globalists .
they go with whomever is going to make them the most powerful .
" rt @itsmeeli91 : is it the woman 's fault ?
no .
it 's the fucked up nature of our society .
not even your " " hanash " " about women havig rights to we … "
" ... the republicans went crazy progressive and elected the first mentally handicapped man as president . "
really .
he was so mentally handicapped that he did n't realize he was given the helm of a currently bereft and rudderless ship ....
# redneck tow truck . #
johndeere # 4455 # america https://t.co/ifinqwvrad
< user > you using big words i m mentally retarded 💀 jk jk
guess who made it through " no nut november " trans people
ignoring the truth jc shannon < user > < date > < time > msm ignores sweden immigrant riots because it does not fit their narrative trump right again newsbusters org blogs nb nicho …
# paisavasool it 's time to such awesome offers .
rs 29 for 4 km in chennai , pune , bangalore @uber_india
those alleged behaviors included making vague threats to patients , reeking of alcohol while at work , walking into her east brunswick office blasting loud music and dancing , and insisting she do a spinal epidural on a patient being treated for knee pain , despite other doctors begging her not to .
apparently you must be european descendant .
if you are not one of the members of what 's left of our tribe you need to go back to your national country .
yea , canada 's reputation has improved massively .
among many other things .
for one additional , harper 's little haters have been relegated back to the margins where they belong .
why are there so many male rapists out there ?
because the females do n’t have the balls to do it themselves .
sorry to hear about this attack on your girlfriend and i hope she makes a complete recovery .
that woeful scottish faggot millennial whiner only attacks little nicky fuentes and shamelessly cucks for fembot tara because woesy dreams of sucking der martin balls while martin fucks britt tara and that mudshark kike whore lauren
" personally i feel safer knowing probation violating shoplifters are on the street vs druggie drunks knowingly running down people with their trucks . "
fortunately , you do n't have to choose because this bill has something for everyone - thieves , robbers , drunk drivers , burglars , repeat offenders , domestic abusers - they all get to spend less time in jail .
everybody wins !
# leeds really has got some amazing views ! ! !
makes you really think and take it in when ur sat in a fence & # 128514 ;
everyone is welcome to celebrate how far we 've come in terms of accepting marginalized groups .
whether you 're part of one or not , bring your positive vibes and we 'll have a blast together .
^^^inb4 ^^^police ^^^in ^^^uniform ^^^comment
maybe you guys should not of retweeted me calling you a bunch of camel fucking sand niggers
reasons i 'm glad i am not liberal -- i do n't have to pretend that : 

 1.oprah is inspiring 
 2.chelsea is smart / pretty 
 3.hillary even once by accident did a good job at anything 
 4.hollywood / media is correct about anything 
 5.bj clinton is a statesman ( ditto : obama / w / carter ) 
 6.there are more than 2 sexes .

geez ..... i think # northkorea may be right . #
barackobama is a monkey !
surely acts like one .
url "
me : has an opinion retards : racist fascist sexist nazi dick ! ! !
make america peaceful again clean the muzzie filth from our society
the russians , in their zeal to defeat clinton in a desperate hope to remove the economic sanctions against them , have sewed a bitter harvest .
now relations with russia are returning to those during the cold war .
as far as trump 's direct involvement , perhaps the " smoking gun " will come if evidence irrefutably demonstrates that trump 's people were behind the otherwise bizarre ( yet successful ) effort to change the republican party platform before the convention to delete party platform support of the effort to supply ukraine with lethal defensive weapons .
ref : " trump campaign guts gop ’s anti - russia stance on ukraine " https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/global-opinions/trump-campaign-guts-gops-anti-russia-stance-on-ukraine/2016/07/18/98adb3b0-4cf3-11e6-a7d8-13d06b37f256_story.html?utm_term=.c024f7cfba01 

 ref : " did trump campaign soften platform language to benefit russia ? "
http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/article/2016/aug/04/did-trump-campaign-soften-platform-language-benef
geoc .
light time of # jupiter as of wednesday , 05.04.2017 , 04h05m00.99s ut is 0h37m4s # astrology # astronomy
rt @lunagaristo : transphobic asshole : trans people do n't exist * me disappearing into the air * : thank fucking god , i do n't even want to …
rt @trillxlove : do this to me and we fucking asap!!!!&#128553;&#128527;&#128520;&#128166 ; https://t.co/ycjt5hnjwz
i think about riku 's stupid play minecraft mine diamonds tweet every fucking day
< user > democrats inciting violence against fellow americans democrats wanting open borders democrats supporting infantcide
geoc .
light time of # jupiter as of wednesday , 05.04.2017 , 04h05m00.99s ut is 0h37m4s # astrology # astronomy
i avoid it shithole thanks to illegals they have pretty much forced blacks from there due to racial violence
i bet this roided up cunt gets flooded with pussy because of that monkey !
bonds have to be paid back .
they also have to state in the prospectus for the bonds the funding mechanism to pay both the interest and the principle on the bonds .
investors are n't stupid .
without knowing the additional funding sources beyond the 2027 expiration of the get surcharge they wo n't buy the bonds .
look at wen the freak . .
you can tell its a man lol . . .
hopefully they will abort all the anchor babies illegally born here by the foreign female aliens ! !
@wes_vl faggot
she presses a button men have slowly made life easier for women to be housewives and they kept bitching and pushing buttons that such a hard job
fucking idiot , its how they are raised , complete dumbass
at least trevor noah is played by an openly retarded black man .
have you considered that trump has offered not a single damned instance to suggest he is a " changed man " ?
give me one , single instance to back up your lovingly blind assertion .
nothing about him has changed , nothing ever has .
born with a damned silver spoon in his mouth and has sucked on it ever since .
less than a month until you find out what our nation thinks of him .
polls shkw that if the election were held todar ... an overwhelming majority of americans would b very sarprised
it kills me when men say women should take " i 'd fuck her " as a compliment and not objectification when men will literally fuck an apple pie .
man that retarded old boomer fag has just been endlessly getting his old ass handed to him on here
we will know him as in the diversity crusher with you singh this is a parody post and does not condone violence it just common and garden venting by an annoyed straight white male about the typical degeneracy and anti white opportunism of the evil mudvader
if you are more worried about trump prosecuting hillary than you are about him fixing the mess the retarded kenyan left you are doing it wrong
what does a bisexual and jew have in common ?
they 'll do anything for money
i think the real snowflakes are the angry white men who are afraid to loose their place on the pedestal .
the visceral hate that men have 4 women is why male feminists / allies need 2 tread carefully .
we put ourselves in physical danger doing this .
the reversal of males being less idle for whites and asians when in blacks and hispanics is interesting
there 's no cynicism like canadian cynicism , eh ?
some of the negative comments here are just pathetic .
the man is dying and he 's being recognized for the great visibility he 's given to one of the saddest events in our history , our treatment of our first nations people .
you did n't expect him to get emotional ?
grow up .
that 's because she is a man
so i bought condoms for my party at rite aid and the lady gave me a dirty look , just now i came back and bought trash bags # imagineherface
in the wise words of tyler the creator : " hahahahahahahaha how the fuck is cyber bullying real hahahaha nigga just walk away from the screen like nigga close your eyes haha "
bi and married to a man .
i miss the community .
i feel like i do n't belong anymore .
but glad to read there 's so many of us !
everytime you open your mouth i just imagine you begging for a black cock to go down your throat it very unpleasant please stop being such a nigger loving faggot
it 's interesting that it 's pc to call people latino / hispanic ( as opposed to just mexican ) but not too call people black , and risk misidentifying them as african american
when you put it this way it sounds a bit retarded
so most of them were killed due to dumb religious belief .....
if the operation to remove your tonsils is called a tonsillectomy , then what is the name of the operation for a female do male sex change ?
addadictomy
trying to decide if i have time to contact police before call w / lawyer .
never thought i 'd say this unless i was in trouble / tequila involved .
lol trump is a fascist trump proves that he himself is a fascist with his every aktion word just look at his muslim ban not good
if you think ronaldo is better than messi you are either a liar or a retard
i guess i would say that you , as a man , have n't had to deal with systematic oppression based on your gender and that you are part of the dominant group and therefore have the luxury of thinking that gender does n't play a role in anything .
and thank you for telling me who i want to vote for !
i wo n't say it was your testicles that helped you do it , but i do n't think they hurt in this situation either .
i swear these little queers have nothing better to than make themselves miserable
today is a fucking shitty day and i ca n't wait for it to end .
ol bill could get desperate and offing hillary is his best option give the nasty old commie bitch a nail gun lobotomy
i swear porch monkeys and sand niggers have no honor whatsoever if the kikes were pushing for european migration into africa and the middle east to out breed the porch monkey and sand niggers there i could never find myself moving there just for that purpose
this is dope .
i hope every athlete follows this route !
or go to hbcu schools .
either way this is a win for the black man and family
+ john zero lol faggot you 're transgender daddy should have swallowed you
she is disgusting
every now and then it hits me 
 what the point of doing all this , i will never escape inceldom , i will never get a girl , fuck my life there is no hope , i am too ugly .
it is highly doubtful the homo sapiens went north .
kevin spacey raped me by making me watch all the way through that queer man fantasia american beauty in the hope of seeing mena suvari tits metoo
so tommy robinson is in jail and the muslims in the uk are raping women and children this is our future if we allow muslims to take our freedoms away look at this graphic
i live in a white neighborhood and i nigger it tf up
yes , trump is a very " strong " leader .
he really stood up to putin .
all the world 's problems will soon come to an end thanks to trump .
and america , especially our young men , could n't ask for a better role model than the great orange douchebag .
seriously , dole and 90 % of the gop have their heads so far up their collective a$$es that they do n't even notice the crap that comes out of their mouths .
< user > < user > is there 1 0 of thousands of muslim pakistani young girls being drugged and gang raped by gangs and families of white christian men anywhere in britain europe or on planet earth the answer is no yet in english towns a minority muslim paki population has commited rape jihad
< user > like i have been saying for awhile now that soon the left ideology will lock horns with the islamic one total shit show
this monster was an atheist who attacked christians online , according to his classmates and acquaintances on social media .
he was stopped with a good guy with a gun-- a man who single - handedly stopped him from killing even more people .
he was already barred from owning firearms , being a convicted domestic abuser and bad conduct discharged from the military .
he nonetheless passed a background check , meaning government and the laws on the books were not being followed .
.
these 4 facts fly in the face of the leftist narrative of more laws , government , and that christians are n't victims , but victimizers .
.
nevertheless , within minutes , and without any facts , leftist politicians and their hollywood elite supporters took to attacking the gop , the nra , and conservatives .
.
until government looks at mental health and we are no longer scared to conduct " see something , say something , " out of fear of being called " bully , " or " racist " by the left-- this will continue .
my two closest friends .
i knew they 'd be accepting and one of them was openly bi as well .
i 'm still not out to anyone else yet .
i know they 'll be accepting but i just have n't felt the need to tell them .
and funny story , it turns out the other friend is bi or at least somewhere towards the middle of the kinsey scale .
so i guess lgbt magnetism is a real thing ?
many serial killers and all - around psychopaths looked like totally normal people until it was too late .
they love to attribute motivations and feelings for which there is no evidence steve sailor peter brimelow and jared taylor are genocidal even they they claim to oppose violence i have looked into their hearts and seen the hate likewise antifa violence is based on projection
listen you little shit , i 'll take you on if you pay tribute .
i want nothing but your money in my account .
and maybe to lock your puny dick up and wear the key around my neck so you ca n't waste time jerking it .
but maybe beforehand i 'll make you wear my dirty panties , jerk off in them , and then eat your own cum - and you 'll love it because i told you to , you little faggot .
i 'm not a misandrist but when men get kicked in the balls they should get up off the ground and get back to work !
fuck niggers and jews
who is claiming white men are earth 's alpha males ?
evil and hatred just like love and compassion are qualities anyone can possess .
your comment seems a little irrelevant and off topic .
israel needs now that their bitch usa is bankrupt and ca nt keep sending them 1 0 million per day and nobody wants to be in the commie eu with its extortionate membership fees and fines and profit sharing programs
richard , you are ridiculous , wait for the facts before you step on any soap box .
maybe the man was sleeping with the perp 's lady friend . ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
is every other white male getting a little tired of the non - stop victim playing by others .
if you ca n't stand the heat lady get out of the way .
yes , go figure , politics is a brutish sport where ideologies clash .
i think harper was a twit .... but did you see him running away with his tail between his legs .
if you do n't like the behaviour , confront it ! ! ! !
you will have more white males ( and beyond ) defending you against ignorant people than you think ..... but quit the whining .
btw you were n't leadership material , now deal with it .
rest in white supremacy hell !
people who think they can not put effort into a relationship and have it be goals have me fucked up bc it does n't work like that
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
the russian navy tall ship was on display in san francisco a few years ago .
what do you call a pre - op   < number >   transsexual who visits another city ?
a tourist trap
i can not believe women are defending r kelly
real tired of queer cis men trying to insert themselves in [ cis , trans * , queer ] women 's spaces & # 128580 ;
they should 've put up or shut up .
and republicans will remember in the next election !
+ joseph kony - child kidnapper warlord prophet ok nigga talking bout luck but did n't mention g2 at all where we killed y' all by 20 is that luck ?
at our worst we still took you fags to 2ot lol you lose in 5 bitch
this is the correct caption for the top picture : 
 “ the creatures outside looked from pig to man , and from man to pig , and from pig to man again ; but already it was impossible to say which was which . ”
― george orwell , animal farm
fucking bitch ass kids nowadays need a ass whopping url
i raped that test !
@barackobama thank god almighty literally , that you will spent eternity in hell and finally be shut up for good .
you and your " wife " with the cock , nutsack and balls .
what is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat ? (
read first no ban :() the root .
coming on tomorrow tuesday — video is with sexy @raydieselxxx this sexy man fucked me so deep—- url — -@hotmalestuds @scallysex @new_gaywanking @gayporncrushes # bigcock # bareback # blowjob # daddies # cumshot # breeding # fucking # sucking url
# tsa 's hair pat - downs and religious - garb pat - downs perpetuate dangerous stereotypes about people of color .
if you missed @jnelsonldf 's testimony before @homelanddems on how discriminatory # tsa practices burden black women , you can read it here : url url
more drivel from the us ... ugh
sexual liberation ≠fucking everybody promiscuity / indiscriminate sexual behavior = fucking everybody
if trudeau keeps importing sand niggers we are going to build a northern wall and make canda pay for it and they will pay when we start shipping off the sand niggers for them
mr. johnson , 

 rarely are there witnesses to sexual assault .
the perps oftem claim that the sex was consensual .
sexual assault perps generally only as much force as necessary to get what they want .
sometimes they do n't even get dna evidence .
i was not there ( trial ) but it!s my experience in similar cases that there had to be more physical evidence that was brought up into the cases .
jury 's take their responsibility very deeply .
i do n't know if you know what it is like to go through a sexual assault exam but i can tell you it is not pleasant .
nor is the interrogation , where police officers ask all sorts of questions .
then you have friends , family and sometimes your class mates or co - workers who look at you differently or question you and blame you for what happened .
not something that many women or men want to have happen .
my guess , and that is what it is , something important and was brought to the court to question if the error made is something the communities want to see .
all i ever wanted to be was a hero 
 but i 've been forced to become a villain
" " " there are a thousand thoughts lying within a man that he does not know till he takes up a pen to write . " "
kisses angsunshinenamin "
woman : caitlin jenner is so beautiful !
man : well , it 's a good thing you look just like her !
woman : * offended *
cool i see white people having babies with asians and blacks at this moment
men have ruined hugging for fucking everybody . #
hugs # men # awkwardmoment
why are so many men voluntarily giving up their position as patriarchal oppressors who benefit from living in a rape culture to become members of the oppressed livestock class of sex objects ?
there are entire countries in africa with an average iq of 70 .
you 'd basically be calling for the genocide of millions of people .
on their next album , the band slipknot is going to have a song that is dedicated to the “ pulse ” nightclub shooting that took place in 2016 .
it ’s going to be called , “ pulse of the faggots . ”
evwimena says < date > at < time > what thought process do you expect from a socialist snowflake dyke she has the support of the not sure if we are sitters or pointers restroom users when the o.b .
delivered this young person the doc told her mom she has a beautiful girl
that is far from a " simple fact " .
even if you accept the premise behind the " laffer curve " , that means there is some tax rate which optimises between raising corporate taxes and not suppressing business activity .
which means that sometimes cutting tax rates nets more corporate taxes .
sometimes it does not .
it depends on where you are relative to that hypothetical optimal tax rate .
so , even in that paradigm pushed by reagan , there is a point where cutting tax rates will lower revenues .
clearly pushing them to 0 % will raise precisely 0$. 

 and that is a very simple - minded model .
there is a ton of economics research on this question .
so to frame it as a " simple fact " based on " empirical evidence " that cutting tax rates always leads to more revenue is just too black and white a view of the world .
as with just about everything in public policy , the truth lies in the messy complicated grey zone .
american ghetto trash is so determined to push the eroded we oppresed agenda that they appointed white rachel dolezar to be president of the naacp and uber white shaun king to be the face of the black lies matter scam swinglowersweetchariot
the stock marker symbol for narcan is amph .
trading has been up for the last 6 weeks , needless to say .
the job of a worship leader is to call people to worship , then guide them in declaring the news that he is king .
i could probably kill a nigga with my fat ass head
it would be plagiarism if sid took credit for tom burke 's writing 

 what was sid writing about ?
he was calling the president a big fat liar .
he listed his sources and almost dared you to prove him wrong .
all you could say was   " this man hates others " .
i can fill this comment with all the lies and hate spewed forth by donald trump .
so is donald trump a liar ?
.
is donald trump an unrepentant sinner .
i believe you are a serious christian and a christian supporting trump .
is donald trump a repentant sinner ?
he lies again and again and is unapologetic , he has committed adultery at least twice that we know of and shows no remorse , molested women and is shameless , demeans women over and over again with no apologies , is he unrepentant ; remorseless , unashamed , shameless , unapologetic !
i side with sid .
.
a repentant sinner would go and sin no more , “ see , you are well again .
stop sinning or something worse may happen to you ” 
 .
donald trump is a liar and a unrepentant sinner .
or 
 prove him wrong .
desert fox says < date > < number > at < time > what would you expect from the chicago ghetto people and the no clue major media love them because they are of the same caliber
right i 'm sleeping so good night !
i hope jackson 's doing ok , that bam gets to korea safely and for all of got7 to stay healthy ✊
the man is so lazy , and fails to look in the mirror each morning for he would have to face it ... an unclean face and that silly hat ! !
trump was an utter failure in the debate .
he interrupted hillary 51 times because he is a rude pig and an inconsiderate , poorly educated bully .
this man is not presidential at all .
hillary destroyed him , with ease .
the gop is totally finished .
kaput !
this is not a joke .
this is the end of the gop .
the whole drink water cure all shit is fake i drink at least a gallon a day and have shit skin hair brain
learn to count to five 
 then try to count to seven 
 count to five again
i do n't have a lot of good feelings about the president elect , as an individual i really do n't like him .
that said , i am forced to admit and consider the fact that he may well be the right man to deal with this silly little man ( albeit a dangerous one ) with a silly haircut .
the president elect may watch as kim experiments and tests his perfection of an icbm , but the president elect may just " show him " what a perfected one is and can do !
i have a fun historical fact for you guys .
the company that made the raggedy ann doll tried to make a doll to promote lgbt rights .
needless to say faggoty ann was not succesful .
@amnesty pakistani forces are fearlessly violating the basic human rights of people of occupied balochistan .
just to inform you that 5 teenagers were abducted this morning by pakistani forces from # makoran region of # balochistan . #
balochistanisnotpakistan # freebalochistan
those alleged behaviors included making vague threats to patients , reeking of alcohol while at work , walking into her east brunswick office blasting loud music and dancing , and insisting she do a spinal epidural on a patient being treated for knee pain , despite other doctors begging her not to .
hope the country gets hit by a hurricane and america will do nothing to help
the little man with the small man syndrome is at it again .
all your friends are gay .
i 'm worried that other people will make judgments about you , and ... [ lowers voice ] you should be careful , because they might try to recruit you .
the atheist does n't deserve that money i do n't understand and there 's no such thing as a gay - friendly church god made men and women to be together god intended them to be together to go against what they were intended to be is pretty disgusting and disgraceful if anybody agrees comment christian
trying to decide if i have time to contact police before call w / lawyer .
never thought i 'd say this unless i was in trouble / tequila involved .
i find it interesting that in the first vote , the people americans might identify as " most foreign " based on skin color were the ones voted as " not christian " .
coincidence ?
could it indicate a subconscious bias ( or maybe even a conscious one ) ?
in oakland one black dude will sit in the front of the bus and another will sit in the back they will then talk to one another over everyone heads laughing cussing an saying nigger every third word and the other passengers including the bus driver know not to interrupt
what do you call killing gay people ?
natural selection .
it 's ok , god will judge the right way and already know your destination so let the bigots flow but they 'll get theirs
# 13reasonswhy premiers today and i can not fucking deal . & #
128557;&#128420 ;
likely trudeau is holding mxn .
i 'm so blessed to be at # ywls2019 this weekend with so many empowering , conservative women this weekend !
so far , we have heard many amazing messages just like this one from @realcandaceo !
url
putting aside the fact that she 's a kelantanese , i think there 's a more acceptable way for you to vent out your anger .
beating up a person while recording it and posting it on social media just to humiliate the man is so uncivilised .
the lefties have been working on pulling down the " establishment " for decades , and now is the time of chaos as the final collapse is just at its beginning .
lefties think they , the tribes of socialists , feminists , unions , university educators , anarchists , entertainment industry , indigenous peoples and environmental activists , ethnic and religious " minorities " , will , altogether in harmony ( sort of like the modern version of the communist workers of the world idea ) lead humanity forward but history is clear : when revolutions happen , that 's never how it goes .
i would really agree with you if the bigots and others " got over " obama winning two terms as president .
they did n't and continued to demonize and lie until enough people bought in .
that is generally what effective propaganda does .
omar the terrible should leave to somalia immediately
maybe trump will tweet that the cbo report is ... fake news ;)
fucking fagot burn in hell
only if you can afford it , white good areas in croydon are semi house 350.000 + a 1 bed flat is 200.000 + .
rt @jessietorr : yeah " basic bitches " are a thing but how many straight white men do you know who are all the same and so boring ? ?
there fluoride in the water so i am not stupid because i am a lazy faggot i am stupid because jews made me this way and i can not fix it
when they fuck up so bad , that 's when they begin to care
the " it gets better " campaign assures us that as time goes on issues regarding lgbt < allcaps > youth become less severe .
it 's true , by the end of highschool alot of those annoying queers had killed themselves .
i was not dissing the us armed forces .
what angers me is fools like friedman who 's buddies do everything they can to tear down the military and make it into a social experiment instead of a fighting force and then want to send our men and women into harm 's way to prove one of their stupid " narratives " .
meximerica sprawling communities south of the border constructed and inhabited by immigrants who seek sanctuary from the squalor they fled and uncertainty of the subsequent legal quandary of their own making now only lost in an alien culture where most would rather not be if they are honest
if the census can ask if your female or male if you 're white black hispanic asian or other then it most certainly can ask if you are a legal citizen
now we all know all that really matters is the nyc and californication votes .
[ xpost r / nofap ] most successful male pornstar talks about the influence of loneliness , disconnection and porn in his lifetime
goodnight bitches ( with a lisp )
go back to your vox cave you gigantic faggot
hilarious , lol .
i doubt that football players in the nfl will soon forget their rightful place ; in the millionaires club .
i am absolutely positive that they also earned it .
no problem with that at all .
all the facts are against leonard , if the main stream media were forced to present them .
but they will not .
pitts will never stop the bs , either .
too much political capital lost if he can not cry " racism " , plus he would be out of a job .
same old same old .
i do n't even bother to read what he has to say anymore , because it never changes .
i know what 's in it .
the big bad evil white man .
leonard , please name another country that has more millionaires of color .
if millionaires of color are so discriminated against , how could they have possibly become millionaires ?
please explain , because you can not .
next ......
takin from natives built on the backs of blacks
as tears ran down cardinal timothy dolan fat cheeks he begged that all the refugee immigrant muds not be deported for he knew he needed a fresh supply of brown boy meat racistfanfiction
" @arizzleindacut : females think dating a pussy is cute now ?
http://t.co/vxbjg26gsz " how does doing this stuff make him a pussy ?
bannon and trump must have just decided ... 
 " hey let 's really mess with matt drudge ... "
as o'leary is a heartless pr*ck who is driven only by money and the enhancement of his " rich , white man 's " status , the white , rich man 's ( conservative ) party is a perfect fit for him .
they should elect him leader .
and , as he has absolutely nothing in common with the needs and desires of ordinary canadians , he and his party will be trounced at the polls , next election .
dumpy is a liar , he knows they are guilty so he wants to pardon all who might be indicted .
but accepting a pardon is a admission of guilt .
a pardon does not erase the criminal act .
i hate being the only one in​. the house up i feel like i need to leave cuz i ai n't going to sleep in time soon
today citizens of calella near barcelona ask police staying at a local hotel to leave after the violence of the previous day police respond by attacking them
you can not be reasonable with 3 rd world retards their low iq and their training as perpetual victims predisposes them to violence we are killing ourselves trying to be kind and reasonable with retarded animals
" beta pussy " you say .
hmmm , let 's rearrange those letters : beat pussy sounds fun but also violent bate pussy sounds like a sting operation be at pussy sounds like a date .
or my personal favorite : i bet a pussy like you only talks shit online .
" " " trig identities fucked me in the ass without lube " " - @smmooth_jazz xx "
honestly i 'm so tired of these ugly white men killing innocent people just because they 're unhappy in their own pasty ugly white skin .
they should be put in cages fucking white devils .
why is justin bieber like a shotgun ?
give him a cock and he 'll blow .
chuck schumer b > you know my name comes from the word shomer guardian watcher my ancestors were guardians of the ghetto wall in chortkov b
@anon1kenya depending on who elected them or legitimacy issues that may require prayers for themselves not for citizens of kenya .
we pray for ourselves ! !
i look at everybody who stands near me in the eyes .
has always been a habit of mine .
make it a habit to be suspicious for everybody and everything .
like james bond .
maintain full alertness   and what kind of dangers could happen from any direction .
feels good to be alert .
btw that video is useless unless you plan to suspect every gay male with a red purse .
turn on the forkin ' lights .
lights help keep cockroaches away .
i enabled anon again so you pussy as bitches can hate on me !
have fun !
url
@darrenblowe @cumgivedaddisum you ai n't shit 😂 😂 but she has to be prepared for responses like that 😂 😂
news flash margaret , the parents at timmies for the most part do in fact care that the warming climate is a serious threat to their children 's future !
who appointed you to speak on our behalf ?
cue the trolls .
i am a liberal and i have consensual sex with more women than the guys you see in porn
generally speaking greater supply means lower demand means lower wages whatnot also generally speaking people saying everyone can code are faggots reciting an inane platitude and acting in complete disregard of actual future labor market conditions typically to the detriment of white people
any nigga that hop in female beef and add to it instead of trying to stop it is a whole complete faggot
honestly , come out to those who you feel comfortable with .
if you feel comfortable coming out to your friends & parents , do it !
if not , do n't feel like you have to .
good luck !
hi , en :   thanks for your remarks .
i think some would say this is a somewhat dated view of " capital " versus " labor " ( rather 19th c. , even ) - although for a fact i do n't entirely disagree with your points .
experience shows , for example , that a smartly - managed company takes good care of its staff - because happy employees are much more productive and engaged than dissatisfied ones .
some of the relations that you describe are definitely starting to break down .
it was technology in the last quarter of the 20th c. that greatly increased productivity - not , say , more unionization or longer vacations for " labor " .
modern economists ( particularly those hewing to some flavor of keynesianism ) would probably assert that your discussion is missing the " third leg " of the triad - government .
( some of these economists might even assert that government is the most important leg . )
as has been noted elsewhere , with the rise of robotics , ai , and the digital age , big chunks of the traditional ...
why are they still there ? ?
start the deportation already
" dubium : whether the teaching that the church has no authority whatsoever to confer priestly ordination on women , which is presented in the apostolic letter ordinatio sacerdotalis to be held definitively , is to be understood as belonging to the deposit of faith .
" responsum : affirmative .
" this teaching requires definitive assent , since , founded on the written word of god , and from the beginning constantly preserved and applied in the tradition of the church , it has been set forth infallibly by the ordinary and universal magisterium ( cf .
second vatican council , dogmatic constitution on the church lumen gentium 25 , 2 ) .
thus , in the present circumstances , the roman pontiff , exercising his proper office of confirming the brethren ( cf .
lk 22:32 ) , has handed on this same teaching by a formal declaration , explicitly stating what is to be held always , everywhere , and by all , as belonging to the deposit of the faith . "
it is part of the deposit of catholic faith , infallible and unchanging .
temp:14.0 ° c wind:3.1 mph n light air .
pressure:1007.6 hpa falling autoforecast : fairly fine , showery later
gee what is this 6 - 12 times you 've used the same adjective , boring gbs .
you live your life in black and white , i prefer reality .
you refuse to accept the us responsibility in the immigration system as it works , or does n't work , today .
all blame fits your bias and is placed on immigrants .
( you leave a door wide open and pay people to enter the room , you can expect you 'll get people to do just that . )
i agree with the presidents recent move to force congress into restructuring immigration law and enforcement .
what i do n't know is if he is sincere ( who can tell , he may change his mind on the next tweet ) , or if he simply knows that congress will fail again to make a majority decision on immigration reform and the daca program will end .
> cut that sack the sack is at the base you dumbfuck .
just admit it you like mutilating baby dicks because you hate yourself for being an incel
situations like this as well as getting maggie trudeau out of her dui using pet 's charter is yet another blow to canadians .
there has to be an easy mechanism developed to revoke a terrorist 's citizenship and charter rights knowing an entire family has worked so hard to undermine canadian society supported by the charter which protects and rewards their seditious activity .
trid , you seem still be in tune with the council of trent .
other points of view are gaining ground among christians .
" pre - christian and pre - jewish people already had access to god .
this is the ecclesia ab abel ( “ the church that existed since abel ” ) that has been spoken of so often by the early church fathers and in the documents of vatican ii . " (
richard rohr ) 
 according to paul and john , christ is the alpha and omega , the here , now everywhere and always .
jesus , the christ , lived as divine and human among us .
it is this oneness with the divine that we humans need to embrace in order find salvation or heaven ( universal belonging and universal connecting ) .
london outlawed knives because black youth gangs were stabbing , robbing , and killing more people , then get stabbed in new york city .. it 's true.look it up ... , but you of course you are racist to bring this up , and blame the people doing it ..... so ... blame the knives .... damn knives ... roaming the streets of london , jumping into the hands of black youths , and stabbing the sh#% out of people . .....
ok , your question , the relevance of which is ?
as in all politics , there are different views or positions on both tactics and strategy within and between people , organisations , and parties , that neverthess share fundamental insights and goals - e.g. " global warming is caused by human intervention " is shared by both those who advocate legislation or treaty to wean us off fossil fuels , and those who favour " market mechanisms only " such as carbon trading .
or " slavery is terrible , but abolishionism is also bad , because slavery will die out of its own economic failure ( adam smith ) , vs ; no it wo n't , abolish slavery ( wilberforce ) .
i , and my wife and daughter , are feminists because we think male entitlement to power over women is ubiquitous and wrong ( fundamental insight ) .
we also all uphold the human rights of trans people , along with all women and children , and their yearning for dignity and to be free .
both attackers and anti - trans radical feminists are very wrong , imho .
now - my otherq 's ?
so walmart quietly removing cashiers nationwide technology is replacing humans not immigrants 🤷 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️
not me you dumb bitch the faces do not even match the nose eyes lips are not even close if you are going to go down that route at least try to get some one that closer to what i really look like
what a total pos , hope the devil rapes him every second for eternity
that 's hilarious .
the bible was written by man , there is n't proof of existence of a creator that intervenes in our lives .
i suppose the greeks probably had it right then with their polytheist views or maybe the vikings , or perhaps it 's the hindu 's or muslims .
why do you think some book with fairy tales like adam and eve or noah 's ark is legitimate over what other religions believe ?
you have proof and it 's contained in the bible .... lol !
how arrogant and narcissistic you religious nut jobs are to think your lives are so special and that only you and yours will be saved for believing in your fairy tale god .
i suppose you still believe in the easter bunny and tooth fairy too !
stay ready so you do n't have to get ready ! ! ! !
work hard all off - season so you can ball out in the fall …
< user > what about the guy that just killed < number > people white guy or immigrant
okay , why would you expect your children to pay 13 times earning to buy a home when you bought your home for three .
hope you can understand the question ?
then we shall see how smart you think you are ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
well gee , many mainstream americans will get a couple of hundred dollars in relief while trump and his cronies can maintain their families ' powerful dynasties without having to pay an inheritance tax , and save tens of millions by eliminating the amt that applies only to those at the top of the income ladder .
it 's estimated that trump alone will save 
 $ 1 billion thanks to the eliminations .
as a real estate investor , he 'll also save more .
the " reform " ( lol ) also gets rid of the johnson act that prohibits nonprofits from endorsing political candidates -- the evangelicals , who want to dissolve the separation of church and state .
will rejoice over that boost to their power .
the tax bill is a slap in the face to mainstream americans , just another power grab by special interests .
< user > < user > < user > < user > the difference between an immigrant and a refugee is timing important to judge what is best for your circumstances
this man should be paid to shut up !
remind the retarded shitlibs that we are inaugurating the president of the united states donald j trump happens to be it this term imagine the outrage if even one person on the right protested or did not show up for obamas inauguration grow up maga
do you like driving on paved roads ?
end of the financial year is approaching and work can not be anymore busy .
oh and the bonus scheme completion date is also approaching & # 128293;&#128293;&#128293;&#128293 ;
becky ai nt a man she s a worthless cunt
say that to my face you soy boy neck bearded cunt keyboard warrior weeb ass bitch .
you do nt know what you just unleashed you piece of dogshit
because british men are cuckolds and too cowardly to do what needed it quite pathetic if that happened to my daughter or sister there d be a tribes worth of sand niggers finding out there no virgins waiting for them
< user > and putin and the dalai lama are < number > correct all muslims must stay in muslim lands zero exceptions
follow marvelous people @2girls1pupshow @debbiecyber @monicahotts @jkburke21jim @lakingsfan2016 @scottclendaniel @jimmysplacebar rt
what you nazi faggots keep telling me is you are about < number > gabs then you puss out run gump
womens right to labor ?
need we say more ?
woman are now laborers , not mother 's , homemakers , nor gardeners - gathers .
again we are tricked to believe somehow that we must compete with man .
there are more females than male humans on planet earth ( some call heaven )   let 's do this , by next century , women soldiers will out number male soliders , but hey ..... maybe men will start popping out children or better yet .... thier breasts will evolve to produce milk !
the woman military machine will only bomb industrialized areas instead of undeveloped human habitats that don't even know what a television is , have no idea what an airplane is & whom after the aftermass think twinkle twinkle is a song about ' police lights in the sky!'(direct quote from a 6 year old african child .
why the government is angry with them !
oops   so now mothers can kill mothers & children in unindustrialized rural areas !
do you think the will evolve to rape during war ?
ooops !
they traded places !
peace out !
< user > < user > if labour gets in starmer will send boats to france to bring illegal immigrants in
my transgender friend was diagnosed with cancer she has more hair on her mustache than her head
@lawrencelondonx your pussy is so amazing .
my dick was very hard
all i ever wanted to be was a hero 
 but i 've been forced to become a villain
" " " do n't worry , do n't be afraid -- ever -- because ... this is just a ride ! " " _
bill hicks "
he 's a really good writer .
a man asks his wife if he can cum in her ear .
she says , " no , i 'll go deaf . "
he says , " funny , i always cum in your mouth and you never shut the fuck up . " [
source ] < url > )
niggas be judging on my moves , lil bitch tell me what have you done 😅
men have tolerated misandry for decades .
this cultural revolution has led to broken homes , crazy people , and poverty .
so , while i may find some guys ' remarks unpalatable , i have had to tolerate a bunch of nasty talk from women directed towards men , including my wonderful dad and sons , for years .
so do n't call the kettle black , ladies .
you are just as despicable .
and amoral .
i m gon na throw up fr i wnna cut off their d*cks .
once again i hate men .
stupid sick creatures
@actforamerica he need to leave america and take her allah pos with her
unlike satan , your so - called god has amulti billion kill - streak , is rapist , hypocrite , cunt and not real
kimmel has sexual harassment accusations made against him in < number > < number > < number >
the ideas and goals of the alt right versus the religious right are extremely similar the means of getting there and the rhetoric is different the alt right tries to tap into values that are not there socialists are often fundamentally white but rarely fundamentally christian
for many , " 9/11 " now will have a double significance .
own up to it .
however , it 's not like i 'm going to apologise for having a wrong belief being corrected unless i harmed anybody .
i do n't remember ever calling somebody a tranny or transvestite , a cross - dresser has always been the word i 've used .
i know you 're keen to turn this into a high horse moment , it 's been evident since your previous comment .
get one of these t - shirts for next time you see him : - asatru versand - kein islam in europa - das christentum ist schlimm genug ( t - shirt ) kein islam in europa - das christentum ist schlimm genug ( t - shir themd - kein - islam
ah the response of a low iq faggot hope you did n't hurt yourself thinking up that one
i would like to finish this tree for posterity , so what about these terms ?
jaden and will have illegal immigrants filling bottles of " just water " with the water hose in their backyard
garbage dumpster fire mumble rapping shit stain in the underwear of life waste of space faggot crap !
it 's so fucking stupid i was on the website at noon what did i do wrong
same .
i 'm 27 and only this year realized i 'm a lesbian , after years thinking i was bi , making excuses to not date men , and trying explain why i do n't want to be with men , well , turns out it 's because i 'm a lesbian that never really questioned my lack of attraction to men .
ahh , feels good , like a huge weight lifted off my shoulders !
for those of you who are concerned about being mass - tagged ...
there needs to be a negative term for a man that has sex with many women 
 " player " is a positive term 

 " slut " is a negative term but its only used for women 

 what s a negative term that can be used for men ?
< user > this is the feminazi agenda emasculation this is why being a man is considered a crime they would rather see guys dressed in skinny jeans sipping lattes than real men with callouses on their hands changing a tire
i m confused : you 're either , a trans - faggot , with way to high self esteem , or a starbucks barista , who has autism , and can only work in society thru being a pedophile , either way , you look like a cross between a queer , and a kid fucker , who still lives in his parents basement
it scary really the far left has successfully brainwashed most white kids of my generation into self hatred and white guilt i have literally been told by a hispanic that you can not enjoy football because you are white and that not racism to my peers unbelievable
all the joys islam is bringing to us
he is a small minded man with many issues .
they do n't have to produce exculpatory evidence to a person who has not yet been charged with anything .
to whom would they produce such evidence ?
you are no perry mason , greg .
remember , this is the guy that @tarah decided was more important than the women writing her book .
tarah only cares about tarah .
knowing that the lieutenant governor will not order a new general election if the liberal government loses a vote of confidence without having earlier won one and believing that , in the highly charged partisan atmosphere of bc ’s political scene , neither the liberals nor the ndp has enough mlas to govern long without a further election , clark ’s long shot goal , therefore , is to 

 ( a ) make the bc liberal party more attractive to swing ndp & green voters , 

 ( b ) promote division within each & between the ndp & greens , & 

 ( c ) somehow make those 2 parties carry the can for ‘ forcing ’ the new election .
the rash of liberal policy shifts is merely a tool designed to help achieve that goal ; not a principled change of party orientation .
bc voters correctly see the cynicism underlying these announcements .
< user > < user > if the jury had been all white i think they would have fallen for the castle doctrine so i do not think this changes much but it a small step just like the fact cops are actually being arrested although most do not get convicted
ms. zachau - kirk may   i ask did you place your political hat and interest into running for one of the open seats on the whidbey health board of directors . ?
i believe there were three .
rather than sit and critique from the bleachers you would be able to accomplish what you want with a seat at the table one would think anyways .
ruben , i m glad you said administration because it certainly is n't trump doing it .
its the level headed military men in charge .
subaru actually marketed on xena warrior princess in the 9 0 because it was a lesbian show and their research showed dykes droves subaru
there are hundreds of skins out here , esp .
in your area .
how can something so filthy be religious like a river full of dead bodies
quote : " but the inspector general does single out clinton , faulting her for , among other things , failing to turn all of her emails over to the state department when she left office , as required by the federal records act . "
billions of federal dollars vanished during ex - vice president for torture dick cheney 's watch .
not only did cheney fail to turn over the records of his office , he shredded most of them .
we will probably never have an inkling of magnitude of the crimes that he committed .
stephen j remington
how shocked would y all be if i got a bitch on y all
ok , fair enough .
nobody can prevent you from taking illegal action to protect your interests instead of letting law - enforcement deal with it ( that 's commonly known as vigilantism ) .
though keep in mind , there could be more than a private law - suit in reaction to this .
depending on circumstances there could be criminal charges in play as well . (
not that i think we 'd ever encounter one another , as i wo n't break the rules to fly over your private property ) .
as for your point about no more use than kites , fair enough , maybe i mis - interpreted your statement somewhat .
either way i 'd be very curious if there are figures on that .
i 'd suspect the numbers are closer to equal right now if not weighted towards drone users .
and drones have many more practical utility than a kite does ( though generally both are used for recreation ) 

 i think a better parallel might be phones with cameras .
there was tons of outrage and privacy concerns , and restrictions when that first happened .
but now it 's normal .
many other denominations are cool too , afaik most mainstream ones are accepted as suboptimal but acceptable path by catholics .
but yeah , orthodox are coolest ones .
gay pride is to uplift , talk about , and celebrate a group of humans that have been ostracized and harmed institutionally and in society throughout history and if you do nt understand that i m sorry for your lack of empathy and ignorance
men of calgary : go gay !
it may be the only thing that will save you life .
but in today 's heated feminist empire , being gay may not be a defence from an accusation of sexual impropriety .
stacy 's worst day alive is equivalent to an incels best day alive .
maybe white collective males , worthless losers , and white hicks should stop committing acts of terror
think kealohas will be up next , in no particular order ...
the " send her back " chant was foul ( though not illegal or even hateful and not particularly racist as it applies to anyone who plots and schemes to overthrow the nation regardless of melanin content ) .
trump left it as her choice .
the crowd 's speech " required " it -- and let 's remember " the squad " are the authoritarians here .
people oppose her because she stands against liberty and the core tenets of western society .
it would have been wise for trump to stop the chant and point this out so he would have had the image of holding the high[er ] moral ground .
lmao insert some attempt a insult that only works w new right kike worshipping cerno dick sucking gorilla vox pedo faggots
man the conoco suck ups are thick here .....
of course he said ' no ' to you .
men are shallow and weak - minded - you 're not going to get a boyfriend unless you wear high heels instead of your converse and low - cut tops instead of your t - shirts , and stop acting so independent , nerdy , and intelligent .
start acting like a proper girl or get used to being alone .
the government of spain has chosen to use police violence against its peaceful citizens because of the way they voted in a public election the globalists plan to destroy the sovereignty of countries and its citizens
( this post was deleted for not meeting the civility standards .
i fail to see it , so i 'm putting back up .
also , it took several failed tests to get it to post , having to vote three or four times on the same two posts . )
it 's pretty simple : donald trump , among many other ills , fancies himself an authoritarian in a government that was built and designed to oppose that very thing .
and we 're seeing why .
i hope they all get aids .
that would be hilarious ! ! !
i had to remove a pro war for israel reposter from my feed it was getting ridiculous all the nonsense that was being reposted these people are not retarded of course they are paid to post propaganda for the military industrial complex using sock puppet accounts or they are just jews
the thing about trump is his constant whining .
he acts guilty .
let us say if he is .
basically , he is not fit to be president .
this is a dangerous moment for america .
i think most republicans would love to have the lackluster pence as president as he is a conservative and trump is not .
never was .
# inspiration you are indebted to you imagination for three - fourths of your importance .
-david garrick # quotes # followme & # 128044 ;
chuds literally do n't understand humour .
they can not fathom the difference between a well crafted insult told as a joke vs flat out saying something like " fuck you i hope you die tranny "
ahhhh ...... when someone says " gun toting republicans " and says she 's not sorry they were killed , yeah , i 'd say that 's a left wing loon .
it is not about individual police officers who i suspect almost universally intend to do a good job .
it is about policies and tactics ordained and determined by the top brass , civilian politicians , and ultimately us since we are the ultimate bosses of the police .
it is essential to move beyond the focus on individual police officers .
when discussing our many wars , we do not blame individual soldiers for what they do unless their acts contradict orders .
in relation to wars , we more realistically ascribe responsibility to the politicians who gave the orders .
when we discuss police actions , we get focused on the individual officers and not the policies that guide them .
those with involvement with the public safety / criminal justice system tend to get defensive and lose sight of the need to examine policy and tactics themselves independent of those who carry them out .
whether to conduct high speed chases , especially in a city , is an important question .
policy may save or cost lives
go preach in chicago will ya .
there 's different colored assholes everywhere .
i get so sick of this black and white shit
@mickeyy87562633   wahhhh   fb milte hi unfollow kar diya 😂 😂 😂 fuck off bitch
< user > sup you fuckin gay piece of shit
your unnecessary attack of msw distracts from an otherwise very beautiful description​ of the love of god .
truly poetic .
an interesting angle on this is to perhaps not view the group of ' evangelicals ' as a discrete subset of the us population but to overlap that ( venn diagram ) group with ~white nationalists / far right / conservatives .
noting the list of states of inter - racial marriage , the states with the lowest % are , aside from a relatively isolated part of pa , all in the south .
my take on this is that many ( not just christians ) used their religion to justify their domination and appropriation ( theft ) of others ' lands based on race , ethnicity and faith / religious beliefs .
just look at the dominionists of today who promote manifest destiny v2017 ( bachman , palin , perry .. and vp pence , along with a multitude of evangelical preachers- dobson , hagee , robertson , graham jr ; revisionist ' historian ' david barton , and many others ) .
https://www.thedailybeast.com/dominionism-michele-bachmann-and-rick-perrys-dangerous-religious-bond
being judged or treated differently based on things as minor as skin color/ sexuality/ religion when at the end of the day it really dosent matter because were all humans .
also , happy cake day !
you do n't realized what you had until you fucked up and lost it & # 128533 ;
ca n't nobody ever say they seen me fucked up out here
well , you ca n't reasonably expect health care providers to know anything about your situation .
i mean , you 're transsexual , and that 's pretty weird .
i do n't know why you 're so upset about this .
you should really be more tolerant of people who do n't get it .
one black children on sexual clip ? ? ?
wtf ?
colective insanity ! ! !
open your eyes !
this clip reduct your mind at the street dog in copulation instinct .
this is regretion of conscience .
and put on sexual clip one children ? !
wtf
the time line does matter .
you may get my answer to one of your questions prior to another question posed to me .
the sa timeline of posts gets screwed up at times and you need to refresh the lime line via the drop box at the top of the page .
that way you get to see the question and answer in the correct sequence .
i hope that clears that up for you and you wo n't have to question my answer that was in response to that certain question .
so being an entrepreneur and working to save to become a self made millionaire is basic bitch talking points you have a right to your opinion enjoy flipping burgers for a living cuz that not being a basic bitch at all
it the current year and blacks in africa are still eating albinos because they think it gives them magical powers altright
never understood why you hoes ca n't never mind they own business 🥴
i 'll follow your faggot ass into that store .
genre of anime 
 what 's your favorite genre of anime ?
black lives matter is a joke when you look at statistics   and hear their argument that it is the white man oppressing them .
come on folks how many years are we going to continue this i 'm a minority and life is n't fair to me .
if you need someone else to take care of your issues your not equal to someone that does it themselves .
if you know me i am that basic white bitch in october who loves spooky szn halloween hard cider flannels and pumpkin patches this is my happy szn mind ya business
lefties will claim the headline is the problem not the violent immigrants ausfam auspol ausfam auspol ausfam auspol australia
good grief is the bitch even remotely qualified
i was so happy to hear of this appointment !
father schultze really does have those good qualities mentioned in the article , no exaggeration .
plus he 's not a stranger coming from afar who is unfamiliar with the seminary and its environs .
and there 's the added plus that he 's a jesuit !
what do you call a white guy with a big dick ?
michael jackson .
what ?
you 're immune from scrutiny because you 're female and homosexual ?
two supposedly persecuted minority tags ?
what would happen with a gender and sexual preference change in this story ?
would you have lasted this long ?
congratulations parent , you 've deftly demonstrated that a female homosexual can be just as sleazy and imperious as any male heterosexual .
we are seeing true equality here .
any comment on this thread that is n't " men are pigs " is getting deleted for ' derailment of the topic "
i am sure there are some ghetto niggers here in the us that are full retard many can not even construct the simplest of sentences just nigger babble
nigerian women are so bad in bed , lesbians are cheating on each other with men .
you hate to see it url
shutup fag & # 8220;@mraugustaisina : on some real shit , females love a real nigga like me ! & #
8221 ;
the last thing i wanna do is get off work too a nigga with a attitude
which magic wand can only make men disappear ?
pregnancy test sticks
fuck both them fags
that seems like a misleading generalization i heard black women do not like giving oral i bet the black gays do though and the dl guys probably do so prob < number > < number > tops
that number includes other than jews too dude like catholics commies gypsy mentally retarded and anybody that gave the nazis political problems estimated jews eradication at < number > < number > million the rest everyone else the nazis did not just kill jews in those camps
you are defending this dumb shit for creating the illusion that i should somehow care because i was raised mormon or that i am a kike because i was born into a mormon family oblige me with that retard level logic and just add to the dumpster fire
if you give up your guns their boots will be stomped on your face forever inbred muslims and tranny sluts that is until you are dead then the muzzies will throw their allies off roof tops
i swear fine chicks be swearing they guy friends do n't wanna fuck them , it 's not that they do n't , they just ca n't cus they friendzoned
lock up kevin penn , he is a low life .
smfh boy you sound just like them hoes ! !
rt @k_forkicks : idk why everybody be hating on the puerto rican princess
i wonder if trump 's relatives are getting nervous
what if a tranny attacks me with a aids laced meth needle ?
i 'd actually be terrified
can someone explain to me how @voxday is a philosopher ?
frum : media mistakes are caused by ‘ overzealous effort ’ to be fair to trump
why is rita ora look white , black and asian 🤔
big island judicial system is a joke .
peter kema sr is probably some high local politician on the big island .
they purposely waited until 20 years passed .
what i saw was the man yelling   " ju.s.a "   i saw rabid frothing at the mouth men wearing tee shirts depicting hillary clinton with the most vile word written on it .
i saw donald trump say to a respected hispanic reporter that he was n't american and he was dragged out of a press conference .
i saw an african american being escorted out of a rally by police and watched an old , disheveled man punch him in the face .
i saw white men chanting " execute her . "
members of the press had to have the secret service escort them out to protect them from the mob .
i fail to see where economic conditions were inciting this toxic atmosphere .
all i saw was naked hatred of anybody who was not a white man .
the social totem pole 
 ascended incels & gt ; chads & gt ; stacies & gt ; sarah 's & gt ; becky 's & gt ; self aware incels & gt ; whiteknights & gt ; beta cucks & gt ; beta cucks who have only daughters but no sons
just remember , when you hear these accusations , it ’s just the tip of the iceberg .
steve :    there are other men living in our community that are stupid enough to fall for a scam like this one .
they need to be warned what can happen to them .
this news story is thus a sort of public service announcement .
> no guy wants to fuck you and you 've never had any dick in your life   how are you claiming you are n't a homophobic rapist stalker with that hideous comment claiming homosexuals should be raped because they are n't attractive enough .
you ugly hillbilly slob .
lesbians do n't want you because we are same sex attracted .
this is a rape threat   ban this psycho rapist goon !
go fuck yourself faggot
i have been making it a point to read more stories with lesbians other queer protagonists because i still experience random gay guilt as i am recovering from years of family conservative christianity it very validating healing to read stories that reflect your existence
excuse me , sir , but they are n't the ones running around saying things like " this is what democracy looks like " then when democracy gives them something they do n't like , running to " the few " to overturn democracy .
that would be liberals that tout the virtues of democracy -- despite the fact that our country is not a democracy .
that would be liberals who constantly whine , moan and otherwise complain about power concentrated in the hands of a few .
liberals spend all this time trying to spread out the power -- so everyone gets a say .
all of a sudden they want a monarchy when everyone who gets a say does not vote for liberal policy .
it is almost like a " democracy of the people , by the people and for the people , as long as it is liberal .
if it gets too conservative for our tastes , we have to ensure we have just enough liberals on the scotus to keep it liberal . "
it is n't democracy liberals care about -- it is liberalism liberals care about .
i am not weighing in on whether this is a good idea , but do n't blow a   gasket .
even if the administration of a consolidated school of ed .
does move to uaf , there will still be education students , professors and classes in anchorage and juneau .
why are guys and smarties alike ?
they both pretend to make you smart to get into girls mouths .
not all straight men - i am frustrated .
unlike on okcupid , queer folks don&#8217;t have the ability to block ... http://t.co/hbf2xza0ke
486:521 thou coward , art thou bragging to the stars , telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars , # amndbots
this has nothing to do with race .
it 's about keeping america safe , yet you have those that wants to destroy the united states of america .
even those that are from america .
we 're are supposed to protect america from foreign and domestic .
this is proof .
these are the worst days in america .
if this keeps going on america will be no more .
a feminist article , from a feminist author at a feminist newspaper in a feminist governed country .
i beginning to feel ashamed for being male !
i be talking to the dumbest niggas alive 🥴 ugh
and i 'm sure this faggot will face zero consequences .
what does christy clark have to do with our pm being anywhere and doing anything but running the country ?
in case you missed it , the 2 stooges thought we wanted a comedy act and ousted clark .
" @catgirl7771 //okay cool// " " that 's good ... " " shuts his eyes happily and a happy smile was stuck on his face "
“ absolutely , racism has played a role ” says meredith .
another , perfect example of his unsuitability to sit in the senate and be part of our parliament .
as clear cut a case of unethical behavior , that included grooming a teenager for sexual purposes , as there can be .
and he wants to play the race card .
at least his new lawyer is smart enough to not go there .
what an immoral , self serving man .
revolting !
dorothy a dirty slut
felt like the # lufc of a few months ago when we felt unstoppable i hope it 's back now team spirt and positivity ! #
lufc # mot
@galan_elida what 's next ?
disabled people will be sterilized ?
it will be illegal to have mixed children ?
and continues to in toronto under justin and wynne , , so what s your point ?
if you are trying to make some bs claim that conservatives are responsible you are full of it , ,
it 's absolutely hypocritical .
try sitting down with her and explaining why .
you get woken and yelled at for looking at women on the internet , yet she is has naked photos of herself * on the internet * .
< user > heterosexuals are on the same spectrum of homosexuals and engage women in the same way homos engage each other you are all so very queer if a het guy feels violent towards some mo he should consider necking himself
do the intelligence service is lying iyo ?
yeah it would have been so much better to let the nazis kill all the jews and all niggers and all the catholics and all the mud people and all the
saying the n word if you ’ re white means you ’ re racist and saying the f word if you ’ re straight means you ’ re homophobic idc what u say
i 'm fine with gays , and i 'm fine with lesbians , but it 's the people who ca n't decide that bother me .
like , the ones who ca n't decide which ones they like more , or what gender they are .
you have to pick a side people !
i call a spade a spade .
here are some of her sjw statements : - men should be given less holidays than women , since they fucked up so badly in the past . -
women are so much smarter than men .
makes sense that they were subjugated by them . -
you have no idea how lucky you are to be a man .
trump should just save everyone the hassle and move the white house to israel .
do n't try to use facts and logic .
you 're wasting precious seconds of your life .
bro i 'm bored then a hoe rt
@morphinediary but this # kashmiri girl is beautiful even without filters 😂
uh huh which is why when christians matching that supposed description controlled an absolute and overwhelming majority in this country and the whole west tolerance and communism and feminism and gay rights and nigger victim intervention civil rights spread like an unopposed cancer through the minds of its christian population
chavez delivers another tedious both sides false , equivalency fiction . "
how about soaking oil companies some more ?
is there more to be had ? "
maybe some , but not nearly enough to close the money gap . "
if you think the oil taxes & credits pendulum swung too far to the benefit of industry & detriment of the state & want to adjust them , chavez says u want to " soak the oil companies " .
cravez then throws up a straw man and says , " the hard truth is that even if we tweak it ( oil taxes ) again now , it 's not nearly enough to close our money gap .
any politician on the left who tells you differently is misleading you ... " 

 so mr. cravez , name a single politician on the left who says that a tweak to oil taxes is enough to close the money gap .
name a single one .
i can name 25 + repubs who think cuts , depletion of our savings & waiting for oil prices to rise is all that 's necessary .
but do n't let truth , fact and observable reality get in the way of a good " both sides " false equivalency story .
men need to be fucking eradicated from the earth
agreed .
relationships would be much better without any men .
@msaleh14 listen i 'm not sexist but no girl should be the man in a relationship
if women would rather die single than be with you , your concern is misplaced dear .
url
the biggest homophobes are always the first to suck truck stop dick .
why do n't you just dye your hair ?
the video footage that obviously you did not see !
" ... if ... "
> i should slap this guy so hard , hold me back broooo so much for the tolerant left
uh have you gotten a peek at michigan of late upstate ny did you know there are < number > muzzy civil rights groups functioning besides cair which has been determined to be a mb terrorist group connection
putting the issue of whether he should even have compensation aside ; he is being made a very very rich man with this payment .
$ 10.5 million is way too much and the courts did not say that he needed to be made rich .
he is now one of the richest young men in all of canada and he was a proud jihadi , loyal to his terrorist father well into his 20 's .
we just handed over millions to a person who probably still believes in radical jihad .
where will that money go ? ?
scary .
do you know that he demanded to have a black female guard removed ?
he called her a slave .
he has the values of his father .
bye bye ding bats in the attic women & all ding bat dem men & women leaches & criminals like them .
have a bad trip to the mid east , china , north korea , rusdia , venzuella & do the usa a favor & do not come back & take all your commie hollywood freaks with you & start your own creepy country .
god slept through this crisis aswell .
like it slept during holocaust .
if anyone is genuinely interested in the topic of racial inequality i 'd suggest reading the new jim crow by michelle alexander .
nolz , there is   confusion on your part about what constitutes " inclusion " .
it means to validate and empower marginalized groups .
because a predominantly white male police force represents a power structure , it can not be a target of exclusion and discrimination - only those from marginalization and - in the case of blm - violence can be .
" this female student was murdered on campus , and men ’s rights activists are celebrating "
barren guy rapist :( fucking women in alley ) 

 women : ahhh you gon na get me pregnant u fuck 

 rapist : do nt worry i m barren 

 women : oh ok , carry on sir
@sadiqkhan @cnn this muslim wants to falsely accuse president trump if rolling back women 's rights , while khan and his muslim brethren would subjugate women under their medieval sharia law .
he is being dishonest and disingenuous , which is par for the course for this muslim insurgent ! ! !
< user > you are right do not kill yourself but jesus stop posting this shit
fox news ‏ sessions more than < number > people who came here as refugees are under an fbi investigation today for potential terrorism related activities
because it works better than the rest .
israel for example   has pr   and the government is held hostage by small extreme parties .
example ,   they do n't have public transport on the equivalent to our sunday because the 10 % religious right wo n't allow it .
the thought of the greens or even the ndp holding power in a permanent minority government fill me with horror .
and your 40 % win is flawed .
in a yes / no situation of a referendum , " pr or stay as we are "   you ca n't have a 40 % win .
what is the difference between a homosexual and a mentally ill person ?
nothing .
< user > here in us where sex determination is legal some indians and asians r doin this practice how unfortunate is that
duh kpop stans fetishize asians but its rly disturbing every time i see it blerghb
what are the odds that there ll be more hostility to women in politics after we emerge from this it already quite present on here but we are something of a bubble 🤔
do women like it though when their men show off that u r theirs ?
e.g. him smacking or grabbing your pretty bottom ?
just so glad he did n't pick - up his kids and then drove back towards joyce putting even more lives in jeopardy .
he needs to spend some time in jail / prison .
< user > < user > lol na dem faggot gang 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
fire department budgets are set by city councils or fire comissions .
the funds are finite and only go so far .... salaries and benefits , equipment , training and the like .
a surf rescue team requires highly - specialized equipment , and a significant amount of training annually .
if the city resources fall short of that , where should the dollars come from ?
everyone is a " special interest " group ; parks , roads , library , public health , public safety .... it all costs money .
hate it when girls does this 🥴 so many guys out there has been falsely accused for things they never did .
url
they call it " obamacare " instead of the " aca " to remind everyone it was obama 's signature bill .
they tell lies about it because they can not stand that an african - american man could possibly have achieved what bill clinton and the bushes could not , to craft a workable health care bill which was so promised before .
in the end , trump and his followers agenda is to undo all the great things president obama did , quite simple because he was not white .
when i see all the hatred in the gop / tea party ranks , pure and simple racism is behind most of it .
how sad !
< user > then you are retarded which is kinda true
all those women look like slithering snakes , along with some of those men .
they have zero wisdom and do not have any respect for the almighty god whom they will all kneel before ! ! !
you have to admire queers like this .
they just want to fuck each other in the ass with dignity and respect .
meanwhile nana is out there biting young women .
anthony wishes he had this much class
all the black guys in green all look alike same muslim beards
fuck the entire human population
entwined ?
in canada 's case , the racists are what harper calls " old stock " and the victims are   most often native canadians 
 ............... never " illegal " immigrants
subsidising   and protecting domestic   industries - sounds like something trump would do
more lies from trudeau and his pack of liars .
sajjan , just get out ..... you are disgrace to our men and women that fought ..... but did not lie !
such tiny little fuckholes for such a filthy little cock hungry cumdump .
would have to force my big cock hard even having that worthless cunt dripping wet .
when i decided it was time to brutally penetrate & devastate them whoreholes .
before breeding them .
if u chat pm me fuckpet .
i 'll get u dripping wet
little dogs always look like they hate you
well it would me more uplifting if people threw themselves headfirst behind racial loyalty and make the individual sacrifice for the group but that is up to the individual to make that decision .
what is the difference between a homosexual and a mentally ill person ?
nothing .
he do nt need no fuckin food he eats a sandnigger steak every night son
this song is great and i ' ve heard many excellent versions but this is my favorite .
love seeing the left getting themselves all worked up .
grasping at straws to keep their political heads above water .
creating a false and/or unproven narratives , spinning it , and then distributing it to the public via the fake news media outlets to create public hysteria .
it is what they do best and will continue to do to retain power .
thank goodness most americans do n't fall for it anymore ... only the diehard leftists .
so let me ask , where 's the proof that he did something wrong by speaking to the russian ambassador as a political campaign or agenda ?
there is n't any !
it sure would n't be the clinton news network .
they kind of put themselves in the ratings toilet after the election where they were giving hillary the debate questions .
yeah remember that ?
good times good times ..
here is your dick you ass toasting fuckstick
life is about the same .
well enough .
i do not come to this site often , also , sometimes i am on another computer and when i logged in through google or facebook or whatever my posts show as joanp .
so depending on where i am at when i do eventually get on this site , it will show my full name or the abbreviated version .
god bless .
back to where they came from or white europeans need to build their own nation from scratch excluding others the same way the jews did with israel
" " " i can tell ... we 've both believed in mean gods .
we 've both spend our money on things that break too easily , like ... people . " " "
lh wtf i am weak this girl retarded lmfao
black men a responsible for 60 % of murders .
how many are deer responsible for ?
the end goal is public acceptance of open in the streets cannibalism of a freshly murdered and raped infant once we accept we are their food and toys we will have been progressed
how about deport & then drone ?
choke her while you fuck url
in my experience , which is anecdotal , the diversity hires usually have fake titles with no real responsibility whatsoever .
i 've always thought of this an intentionally clever workaround to the quotas , and the white men at the top know how to thwart the hysteria that comes with perceived inequality .
i like to think that competence prevails , if not now , then eventually .
it is a sad day when the almighty shows you to your knees he commands you to care for women not rule over them give and take balance fairness you have clearly been burned maybe because your women would not live with your arrogance and latent misogyny
today two terrorist attacks with machete in buckinham palace and bruselles but in america the free media doesn ´ t say a thing but trump nazi hate speech white supremacist and even call the terrorism just a copycat of charlottesville violence that ´ why we need new medias and free speech
my friend lives in gdansk and he told me almost everyone in his city was white with the exception of some foreign students and a chinese man who owns a dive bar .
but a man 's self worth should be related to masculinity .
biches be acting like jigaboo
as an openly gay black man back in the day , life must have had its challenges .
his music is so soulful , and it hits me straight in the heart strings .
you seem to forget that trudeau , despite being labelled an ' airhead ' by people like you , wiped the floor with harper in the election debates .
then he went on win a historic majority -- the liberal party 's increase of 148 seats from the previous election was the largest - ever numerical increase by a party in a canadian election .
the head of the imf recently lauded jt 's economic policies and urged the rest of the world to adopt similar strategies .
o'leary plays the role of top businessman on tv .
but in real life , legally , he is not permitted to advise people who have invested in his own funds because he is n't qualified .
there is a difference between fact and fiction .
o'leary is a fake .
trudeau is real .
this gov .
is so full of shlt , all their eyes are 
 turning brown .
all this is about that sack of 
 shlt pothead and all his azz kissing members 
 stuff their pockets .
they are just lying 
 thieves .
here 's a challenge mommies boy pothead .
you , me in the squared circle and we sign off 
 all is fair .
just the two of us , to the end .
winner 
 walks away .
your wife will need a new , well 
 you 're not a man anyway .
so she can find a man 
 or another piece of shlt .
grow a set " coward "
why do dudes have to play the " you 're not serious , just wanting to fight " card when women call them out on solutions with ill consequences ?
# teabagger state like mississippi opposed to minimum wage , child labor laws , unions , is pro - scab , sweatshop work - pretty much # slavery .
subscribe to get skinny your actually retarted .
men are physically superior in general and people want to watch sports at the highest level of competition .
that 's why the men 's world cup get 14x more viewership than the women 's does .
equal pay for equal work .
< user > < user > ur fuckin retarded
our hearts and prayers are with the loved ones of the victims of today ’s horrifying terror attack in berlin .
innocent civilians were murdered in the streets as they prepared to celebrate the christmas holiday .
isis and other islamic terrorists continuously slaughter christians in their communities and places of worship as part of their global jihad .
these terrorists and their regional and worldwide networks must be eradicated from the face of the earth , a mission we will carry out with all freedom - loving partners . -
donald trump 

 finally a western leader willing to speak the truth .
i wish i was high right now i just want to be chilled out at work and i 'm not & # 128530 ; a good 6 hours to go ! ! ! ! ! !
you both are sick fucks and should rot in hell.i hope you guys feel the rape wrath while you two are in prison and im sure someone will violate you as you two did against innocent children .and the man in this case should have his penus and balls removed and his hands cut off and his tonge removed and for the lady actually i cant even call them man / women you two are a waste of human flesh discusting .
hahahaha @mr9iceguy : a woman should not be proposing to a man under no circumstances b .. u ca nt tell me nothing .
call me sexist idccccc
priest : open your bibles to psalm ... me : body once told me
awesome group of athletes and i do support their efforts to pursue equality with mens soccer ... it is too bad a few of these girls had to degrade this special moment by refusing to consider visiting the white house .
i guess it could be attributed to this generation getting most of their " news " and therefore their opinions from facebook , google , and instagram
junaid bi great ancher and sohail ahmad also great comedian ... love from germany
i am for equality in the law for all people white black red yellow and blue .
homo 's hetero 's well i draw the line ... http://t.co/ugzyrtkabw
< user > where in new york was this taken white supremist nazi radical evangelical bigoted pos road rage waiting to happen
that feel when no popular male haircuts mesh with you 
 basically every one of them gives an aura of brashness and arrogance , a nerd would look stupid with them
abraham himself was evil why are they not his seed just because the jews reject something does not make it not theirs look at you you are a white man rejecting traditional european faith does that suddenly make odin not a white god
< user > this dumb bitch killed < number > rabbits in her failed raid this is who you guys praise you guys are the problem not the farmers
this category is so gay it belongs as a subreddit in the fagposts category
he is just afraid he will have to kiss a man on the cheek and the temptations will be more than he can handle !
good thing he is n't a slavic christian where everyone gives triple kisses willynilly .
< user > < user > < user > it was way better than sonoma if you remember your redneck jesus won the glenn also
before tpp happened ?
tpp never happened .
it was never ratified by the senate .
power abhors a vacuum , as the us retreats into isolationism , china will take our place .
thanks a lot , trump !
karen straughan just got asked for her opinion on privilege on tvo .
break me off half a cock !
" go bigger .
bust that faggot pussy . "
url @niloc7171
yes , the retailers are going to charge for bags with tremendous markups .
money rolling in !
why do n't you follow your own hypocritical advise , little boy / girl .
< user > i fucking hate you he mumbles looking up at him
that women can not be ordained is wholly about misogyny .
they used to be honest about it , thomas aquinas in the summa theologica supplement , q 39 art 1 considers the question , " whether the female sex is an impediment to receiving orders ? " .
he says that it is , for two reasons .
the first is that women are inferior to men ( " since it is not possible in the female sex to signify eminence of degree , for a woman is in the state of subjection , it follows that she can not receive the sacrament of orders " ) .
the second is that the tonsure is inappropriate for women .
now they say that the inferiority of women is not an acceptable argument , while still hanging on to it , using words such as " complementarity " and " ontological differences " .
but it 's still the same old tripe about the inferiority of women .
yes if ottawa give it away to some third world dump .
i do n't disagree that it was a rape .
history has taught us that there will always be rapists , thieves , murderers and other bad people .
the problem , as i see it , is alcohol is involved with everything from domestic abuse , dui , general violence , rape , etc , but nobody says , hey ... maybe we should dial back it being everywhere .
we have ads telling people not to smoke , but do n't do the same for alcohol and i have to wonder who the alcohol sellers have in their pockets .
i agree with you < number > those dam jew rats are ruining america with wars and their perverted agendas just like all the other white countries they invade and then destroy best to gas every last one of those parasite jews
@aoc hey everyone , it 's me , @speakerpelosi .
you know who is the real enemy of the people ? *
rattles off a list of women of color in congress *
because femininity is so horrible !
@jonnyg313 i 'm not sexist but if a dude cries because of a girl in a wedding dress then he has a vagina
i would say bro since no one responded that s not a good sign hehehe talk to you soon and i hope your brother is doing good !
" men are less emotional than women . "
men lose control of themselves and hurt and abuse people on the regular .
men are the ones out there killing romantic partners who reject them .
men throw acid on women who want to be autonomous .
men launch enormous hissy fits when expected to reduce their privilege in the workplace and life in general .
men can not stand being shown up by a woman .
but women are the more emotional ones .
ok , continue smoking what you are smoking .
what 's the difference between a nigger and a trans person ?
you can still sell the nigger , noone wants to buy the tranny .
you make us bengalis proud 😂 😂 its in the blood my man !
rt @jessietorr : yeah " basic bitches " are a thing but how many straight white men do you know who are all the same and so boring ? ?
subtly homophobic news story this child is gay twitter influencer who still shits himself thoughts 😳 🤔 mike pence himself i like gays and even have a faggot friend but this is too much
' 
 except , of course , one can use tor , vpn software , and encryption without cost .
.
the man who wrote the anti - trans bathroom bill in virginia just lost the election to an openly trans woman .
let that sink in .
being lgbt friendly is good for business .
i do n't have a problem with that .
too bad for the europeans americans then apparently australia is kinda square funny how all these lower tier male illegal immigrants from the red belt below still have not managed to swing these areas into female positive territory it like the females do not live as long for some reason
i heard you elle and luke share the same fantasy of being gang raped by men holding tiki torches is this true
@grahamallen_1 @mileycyrus @ppfa keep talking about her dumb f!ck no one cares ! ! ! !
this campaign your shaming her for is for woman ! !
you dont own us ! !
step tf back ! ! !
one law put in place can shift an entire generation and we do n't wo n't your old agenda ! !
its our time pu$$ies !
it 's all set up for us to get promoted at ipswich away .
ca n't fucking wait .
< user > that wall was built for different reasons terrorism not illegal immigrants
how does a woman rape a man ?
at first it 's hard but then it 's easy .
you 're a little bitch .
go make some more knuckle babies in your parent 's basement .
a lot of faggots out tonight fuck it like a shitskin pride march
this quisling judge has decided to suppress evidence of the obscene violence and hate of islam when muslims are on trial because if a jury ever found out what these muslim savages were up to the muslim terrorist scum would be convicted and this quisling judge does not want that
no , not really .
the game was given a name and they won it .
it 's just and win .
i guess if you get your news from headlines you might be confused
keep buying more toys for old white guys in charge to replace their shriveling manhood ... disgusting how much is wasted by the industrial war machine and profiteers ...
whatever weak ass lmao 😂 what a bunch a pussies this generation is with ya 20 fucking genders , weak ass views on discipline and sensitive cry baby attitude .
this is not a state project .
it totally belongs to the city and county of honolulu , i 've got a great idea .
if caldwell and his city counsel flunkies try to raise property tax to cover rail , just let 's not pay the tax .
it will take every property owner to refuse for this to work .
and a cucked sand nigger no less
everyone is welcome to celebrate how far we 've come in terms of accepting marginalized groups .
whether you 're part of one or not , bring your positive vibes and we 'll have a blast together .
^^^inb4 ^^^police ^^^in ^^^uniform ^^^comment
< user > < user > whites evil white privilege men evil toxic masculinity citizens evil do not use the term illegal alien
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
congrats , you gave the attention seeking f - a - g attention .
who is this luke ford son of a b nai bitch is he the next influencer in line that the jews have set up to replace weev
and not a problem or anything to be ashamed of , per se .
91 % of white people marry other white people , and 84 % of black people marry other black people .
i have black friends but would never marry a black person .
many of them feel the same way about white people .
nothing wrong with preferring one race over another .
we are tribal people by nature .
url
breaking : after fighting for 6yrs , this is the first time ever that an lgbt asylum seeker has been returned to the uk after being ' unlawfully deported ' ... 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 she is supported by @followmfj .
our interview with ugandan " pn " will be on bbc news this week .
url
@bpraped i m sure bp raped themselves ... u better leave our boys out of this bitch
i have no idea either but sometimes i worry about the person 's sanity .
he / she is really out there sometimes !
i really believe he / she is sincere though .
jedi mike jedi mike < number > hours ago i wonder if these thugs listening to rap songs in the locker room that glorify violence that wud be awesome to get that out it wud destroy there stupid protest ﻿
correction please share sunday june < number > one < number > pm freetommyrobinson demonstration embassy of the united kingdom washington d.c .
< number > massachusetts avenue nw the anti freespeech sentence of < number > months is a deathsentence for tommyrobinson who most certainly will be killed by muslim inmates freetommy
then he should be the perfect candidate to run as a democrat
we have laws because people commit crimes niggers chimp out they can not get that they flee da hood because of niggers and bitch that racist whites do not want them as neighbors low iq logic from turd flinging monkeys
what is the dumbest thing you have heard blamed on the patriarchy ?
how many islam political ideology followers are also animal activists
spread those fucking holes , stupid cunt ! ! !
dead voters illegal immigrant voters felon voters they do not vote for republicans do they hehehehehe auditthevote
you have never done anything but seek out paul town enemies and get mad because you are friends with a kike who needs help from several people to defend against me
the city of buenos aires contains more than 3 million people .
the metropolitan area of the city contains 13 million inhabitants .
the people there are descendants of immigrants from spain , italy , russia , china , africa , germany , france --- as well as native people from central america , and south americans from every nation of the continent .
it is far from being a back - water city .
krakow was just a provincial town compared to the megalopolis like buenos aires .
how about citing sources , instead of presenting your rattled biases ?
because i can cite enough to prove you to be citing " fake info " that only modern pharisees can conjecture when their concepts of the church , its prestige , power , etc .
are questioned --- as pope francis has questioned some of curia ,
hopefully trump is able to exercise the demons fomenting all this violence propaganda and it ll all pass fairly non violently the narcocracy is acting out of fear which is why their moves are so sloppy and over the top draintheswamp
# yesallwomen are unsurprised when men think murder is fair retribution for getting turned down for a date .
who does not have ed , but has tried cialis ?
if progressives and feminists and the globe want to allow columns like this one that attacks masculinity they need to allow comments like this one and not delete them .
" clinton lauds women 's courage in wake of weinstein allegations " 

 what ? ? ? ?
this is the same clinton who accepted weinstein as a friend ?
his behaviour was far from a secret .
where was she ?
why was n't she attacking him years ago ?
was she too busy cashing his fund raising cheques ?
you know what 's toxic ?
feminists like clinton who use feminism to push their own agenda but when it hurts them in the wallet they back off .
what does spider - man and kevin spacey have in common ?
they deny who they really are yet always come out as the hero .
blacks spanics women unemployment the lowest in decades in the usa how about white men unemployment i guess those does not matter < user > ‍
i told my american friend to smoke a fag when he gets stressed he shot up an orlando nightclub .
it looks a bit muggy out there i said what makes you say that replied my wife i said that gang of blacks with knives on the corner
why did i click on your profile ?
you gave no source anyway , you just are a hateful human being .
good grief .
you have been given sources by others disproving your statements , but no you did n't , once you cited the hatesub gc , that is used only to missrepresent transgender people and to deny their existence
felt like the # lufc of a few months ago when we felt unstoppable i hope it 's back now team spirt and positivity ! #
lufc # mot
when the british welfare system was set up after wwii it could work because attitudes circumstances were different there was near full employment in < number > the army alone had < number > men today < number > you could be sacked at < number > am have another job before lunch married women were housewives
i hate suit pants on a women makes them look like some kind of meryl streep dyke
@judgejules75 @forwomenscot @victoriapeckham @miss_leeze @gordon_struth @mumofc @redqueenrising @maitlis @scotgov in the uk a male doctor is required to have a female chaperone when carrying out intimate examinations .
this too is been disregarded by some males who i d as transwomen .
it disregards female patients protections , consent issues , safeguards & best practice .
url
if we had no politicians in d.c .
at least < number > months out of the year we could save millions on sexual harassment payouts we could visit d.c .
without getting dirty
" behind closed doors " " holy mother church " maintains , funds and [ we have to assume ] condones an all - male , mostly gay , hegemony over the rest of the church .
cardinal francesco coccopalmeri , an official at the inquisition and host in his roman salon of naked male sex orgies , apparently has n't gotten " the memo " about just which sexual practices to encourage .
hey brooks , is this another example of your " behind closed doors " regime ?
shhh let the incel live in his fantasy
i do not see how one the historically whitest most uptight countries in the world can suddenly do a complete < number > become the most destructive influences on islam violence denial so welcome to those willing to speak truth
off topic sjw 's try to convice a man that he should accept being lied to by a transgender " women " who still has a penis " because " you liked " her " before , but now she has a penis , so you should try " i disagreed .
booby trap maga presidenttrump triggered faggot dicklicker < user > ‍
men are fucking terrible and virtually useless amirite ladies :')
ion care how fucked up i am , i ai n't fuckin wit that cucumber shit 🤢
agreed .
relationships would be much better without any men .
@msaleh14 listen i 'm not sexist but no girl should be the man in a relationship
seems like the city leaves that crosswalk in place sort of as a traffic control device .
when pedestrians are crossing , it acts as a red light & stops all vehicles traveling on s. king st. this allows the vehicles at the sheridan st. stop sign to enter s. king st. & head east or travel across to the mauka lane & turn left onto keeaumoku st. saw this happen a few times as i was one of the vehicles stopped for pedestrians .
we ca always count on christy coming through for her corporate friends .
for bc taxpayers ?
not really .
i write this tweet for ppl who are publicly read as " productive " and " functioning " but are silently experiencing pain and loss .
or for black women in particular , who are not given space to rest or break ; whose pain is not recognized as real and valid .
i see you .
we can not predict the next mythology - but we can predict ( it will ) open mind to the mystery of the universe & amp ; mystery of one 's self ~ campbell
i have < number > niggas again this is ghetto
that 's mentally ill .
asian girls sees a chad ... 
 np.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/60q4vb/asian_girls_see_a_body_builder/ 

 suicide fuel right here .. chad privilege much ?
sorry , i still have no idea what you 're talking about .
i do n't know what " 30 % coddled " means .
the only ones i see exploiting tragedy are the anti - gun crowd who did n't even wait until the bodies were cold to start pushing their agenda .
and i do n't know who 's " mailing stupid jokes . "
tell you what , when you think you 're able to carry on a rational , adult discussion , you let me know .
i think antifa blm and the rest of the culturalmarxists that use violence to shut down people exercising the 1 stamendment really take advantage of the fact that we do not stoop to their level we need creative ways to counter though minus the violence
i knew honduran men ai nt shit smh url
the value of a university education in canada is clearly in decline , since the universities themselves are accepting racist liberal doctrine in order to prostitute themselves ... they will have to hire professors whose qualifications need not measure up to replace excellence with stupidity in order to meet quotas .
they should have the gumption to simply stop accepting federal cash that comes with unacceptable strings attached .
what is the value of an education in an environment when there is a war on excellent professors who happen to be white and male ?
because that is exactly what it is , no matter if they degrade the value of research and   educational institutions in the process .
it 's a flight from quality and merit to sheer stupidity and incompetence .
should n't be having children anyway .
darwinism .
dedicated to teaching , discussing and collaborating about creating learning solutions
# azamkhan vote bank politics by secular parties made muslims number one criminals of india since 1947 .
url
mulattoes are neither white nor black fact it the reason mulattoes were considered colored in america when america was still sane and it the reason haitian blacks exterminated the mulattoes after the revolution there is no place for you anywhere which is why miscegenation is abhorrent
in new york city a new law is coming that would outlaw the use of the term illegal alien do you think it is consistent with our constitutional right to free speech for any words or phrases to be criminalized
" @leitungvg for example , kaguras accent , is just a .. i dunno , she just builds wrong sentences .
like : " " apple delicious is i say . " " "
minimum wage defenders are the real racists minimum wages were first designed to keep women and minorities out of jobs < url >
get yo ass back in line w the rest of the hoes smh .
wasting my time n shit 🙄
i love white women
goat fucking woman beating child raping sand niggers everywhere
we can do 3 things in syria : nothing ; take out their air force ; take out assad with the assistance of the arab world .
ah yes , that 's it .
the gays are just so violent .
white man speaks with forked tongue ... 

 white folks are still fussing about the oj case , as you yourself clearly demonstrate .
where was all your fuss when mark furman admitted -- on tape -- that he routinely planted false evidence on black detainees ?
i do not believe anyone is actually attracted to the same sex the typical raped lesbian is conditioned out of it many younger men and women are artificially conditioned in govt schools twitter and tv hollywood to likewise fear what they really want
< user > < user > in islam blacks are sub human only good for slaves
if el chapo was white men .
then is god bless america .but seens he s not america do nt forgive color people .
and they say in god we trust.yeaaa rite .
the goverment is the real demonds.jesus told the jews this is not my father kingdom .
this the goverment devil kingdom
the man is without honour .
we can forgive the pm for being a malicious liar , however the minister of defense relies on the loyalty of the troops .
a quality since lost .
niggas talk more than bitches these days !
equality for all means * all *
plaid pants now banned .
not all men look at women with lust some look at children .
i see nothing unusual about this .
we are talking about mississippi .
women gave up their rights .
motley :   this news just in ..... "the titanic has sprung a small leak "    and " those villagers with the torches and pitchforks are just out for an evening stroll . "
hmm ... all i can say , really , is go with your heart !
if that leads you to living the life of a cis person , then go ahead , you 're valid either way .
if that means transitioning , then do that !
it 's about what you want to do , there s reason to be fearful about whether you are or are n't , just be you .
of course it will take a while to discover who you are , but it takes everyone a while .
i wish you the best of luck !
i 'm a happy bitch cause i only worry about me and my pussy .
what 's the difference between bruce jenner and bruce banner .
one bruce transforms into a terrifying monster , and the other is the hulk .
please vox quit the internet cut yourself off from the world except for the small fan base where you play dictator living in a ghetto will be awesome
nigga this was prolly just a refugee takin a piss that ain t potty trained and can not figure out how to hold his dick straight
so which are you a faggot or jew or both
# 13reasonswhy premiers today and i can not fucking deal . & #
128557;&#128420 ;
liberal appeasement gave n korea and iran nuclear missiles .
brilliant !
craven cory , with the spine of a worm , knew all along how he 'd vote , he just thought being coy was going to help .
but he was one of the 13 republic males crafting the senate plan - and he and they did a pathetic job .
however , his overlards , the filthy kochs , are thrilled with the tool from yuma .
jay cross - right on !
why you talking to hoes about bro nem ? ! & #
128548 ;
business seven beyond borders working to end child slavery prevent violence against women girls in haiti founded by clinton global initiatives in the business of defending girls yet surrounded by businesses with the pedophile symbol pizzagate twittergate draintheswamp
peope are so sick , i seriously hate this one person with a passion , chat shit but get shitty bum in person ! !
@bratavio destroyed you ! ! !
i thought i was your obligation to tell your listeners the truth not some made up concocted narrative scripted to make you sound good as you lick ass trying to get high ratings wonder who rights his just another ghetto news reader
if i had a pound for every gender there was i 'd have 2 pounds and a bunch of dollars .
they 're worth less .
@sairasameerarao you are a racist bigot .
move to a country that has no whites then .
why are you here .
this guy is a real piece of work .
how anyone with even half their senses can continue to defend him is beyond me .
according to democrats < number > person can ruin the 2 nd amendment but there nothing an illegal immigrant can do to ruin illegal immigration
i have a real question to all you girls , do y' all sneeze when you pluck your eyebrows , or is that just me ? & #
128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
is margaret sanger honored for planned parenthood or for being the strongest proponent of eugenics ?
" black pastors demand removal of planned parenthood founder margaret sanger statue " 

 " they say sanger supported eugenics to rid the nation of those she deemed ‘ defective ’ and ‘ feeble - minded ’ by stopping the growth of their populations , particularly blacks and other minorities . ”
" the negro project was initiated in 1939 by margaret sanger , founder of planned parenthood .
it was a collaborative effort between the american birth control league and sanger ’s birth control clinical research bureau   for a eugenist , it was n’t controversial , it was integral to the implementation of eugenics to eliminate the ‘ unfit ’ .
http://www.blackgenocide.org/negro.html
why not ?
gay men   want to dance dance dance ! ! ! .
womyn want to fight fight fight ! !
gay men make things happen .
the womyn crush what they get control of .
this is beyond stupid .
this is disgusting .
where are the american people ?
are they all standing up and cheering at the fact that their hero is literally dismanteling this democracy ?
they want to stick it to their imagined enemies ( liberals , what do they even mean by that ) so bad that they do not see that they themselves are being , um , done .
played .
is it possible that they are that stupid ?
from reading many of the comments on these articles , i conclude that the fat , white , male demographic love their furher . "
hurt me next , herr donald , i love you . "
it is beyond belief .
america houses the most angry , uncivil , resentful , moronic population on earth .
and i am talking to you , 50 + white men .
you should be ashamed .
they will come for you next , and you will cheer to the very end .
@_vmmvr2 @ashmeigosman i hope they put you all in a misogynistic men holocaust
all tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent . ”
― edmund burke
it actually making blax angrier as it is showing huwhytes what is really happening and that most of the violence directed at dindu is justified notice it takes longer and longer to get video evidence where as before those recordings were readily available
hay guys i got a good one what s the difference between man and woman ?
a man has no nippleboobs xd .
< allcaps > ( sorry for bad english )
as if one of my team members just ran into the stock room where i'm eating lunch , did a backflip , then left & # 128561;&#128561;&#128561 ;
trump as king of israel is entirely appropriate an ethnostate ought to have a racist and nazi sympathiser as a monarch
you should know the answer all along i get paid to watch when it 's too hot outside for angels to fly .
“ kind of like pressing the alt , control , delete button on your computer , resetting everything . ”
worst analogy ever .
why do n't you just dye your hair ?
yeah paraphrase today 
 completely change the narrative tomorrow 
 who controls this agenda ?
he who can not be named controls this agenda 
 starts with s
< user > there r < number > muslim countries how many countries for hindus sikh jain buddhist more than < number > million refugees we have and we already accepted < number > million so cut ur crap and please ask some muslim countries too to take there responsibility as muslim nation
so ... we are to pay about $ 775,000,000.00 in credits to the oil and gas industry this year .
that 's a little over a thousand dollars for every man , woman and child .
cancel that and you can talk to me about the permanent fund .
why do opponents of circumcision not protest at circumcision clinics like opponents of abortion protest at abortion clinics ?
i saw the cops after a chase just beat this young tiny girl a fews months back .
she was almost knocked out from her car wreck .
then the cops broke facial and body bones beating her .
horrifying !
what does roman catholic have to do with jews were not the catholics the crusaders we need to fight the arabs not the jews not yet anyway
it the natural order in apfrica and the me for the men to literally sit around and have the women do the work look at any coffee shop in minneapolis or other cities infested by zoomalis bantus or arabs and you will see it
need to put on my germany jersey can not lose this to this wetback squad
i 've heard from some other sources , he 's also a huge faggot .
# retweet if this should be your cock url
she lusts for the white seed on her taco that basically it
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > if i had a dollar for every gender , i 'd only have < number > bucks and millions of illegal counterfeit dollar bills that only bring sadness and disappointment in the human race and are a scar on the face of earth , ruining and vandalising every - fudging - thing the human race has strived for .
the thing about a gay guy vs a pedophile is that a gay guy is n't inherently a rapist , a pedophile always is .
you can not be an adult having a sex with a kid and have it not be rape .
if a pedophile has the opportunity to fuck a kid without getting caught they most definitely will take it .
so let me get this straight google youtube facebook and msm are targeting free speech in the name of fakenews to protect a sleezy pizza place but they are okay shutting down a bakery who chooses not to make a cake for a gay wedding i smell guilt
you 're bi .
you just have some preferences .
and you do n't really need to find a label , unless you find one that suits you perfectly
broke jews control the world woke russia is funding the alt right and jared taylor richard spencer and generation identity are foot soldiers for a global russian nazi movement boomerlivesdontmatter
rt @ceoo_97 : & # 8220;@posltlvevlbe : a loyal girl truly does come with a smart mouth & amp ; arguments , only a hoe will let you do as you please cause she&#8230 ;
attention all hacks it time to make fun of white girls and pumpkin spice then you can go back to your orange trump jokes and correcting my spelling or kill yourself i prefer the latter
black women complain so much at restaurants 🤣
i do n't think the new people over our apartment complex wants a job like the last ones fired for a lack of care and this time they got a larger force to fix shit around here .. well we will see if they want a job and how long course soon they going to have more issue 's
what did the gender fluid teenager get for christmas ?
ignored , the attention seeking twat .
tell that to the gerrymanderers .
from what is being broadcast so far , ivanka seems to command far more attention than jughead .
he is overwhelmed in what he feels is a strength area .
he may need to buy a corolla to impress donald .
human over - population strips the landscape and leads to never - ending strife and chaos .
this area has one of the fastest growing populations on earth despite the horrible circumstances .
when will the member nations of the u.n. recognize that its failed refugee policies never address the problem .
the unhcr sounded a dire warning in oct 2012 when it said the world had an ' unprecedented ' 45.2 - million refugees .
in oct 2016 , unhcr reported 65 - million .
the refugee numbers keep growing , while the populations in those warring homelands continue to sky - rocket .
western nations who signed the u.n. convention on refugees can not continue to absorb refugees when so many other member nations refused to sign the convention .
it will take strong determined leadership to set up ' safe zones ' over there .
education about family planning and birth control must be tied to aid .
we can no longer accept that harmful antiquated beliefs are ' sacrosanct ' and unchangeable .
change must happen there .
watch # tucker on fox 
 he is logical and consistent .
just when i think white " men " ca n't get more pathetic ... this one in particular never ceases to amaze me .
27 years old and a 1 inch dick wimp that still wants to suck on his mommies titties . #
whitedecline # saynotowhiteboys # blackpower # newworldorder # sissy url
blacks are blacks worst enemy , there 's still no remedy , got me for a grip and you call yourself kin of me .
jealousy , envy , i see it in your eyes , tell me what 's wrong with seeing a black man rise .
@fluffyxbaggyo niggas just be tryna shove they dick in lol
that does n't prove your point , or refute mine .
that list of massacres does n't come close to the nearly daily occurrence of a mass shooting in the u.s. this is not hyperbole , and given how quickly you just jumped on the same cherry - picking examples without looking at the links i posted ( i looked at yours ) shows you 're not willing to listen to me .
so there 's no point in this conversation .
you ca n't hide behind ignorance .
sounds just like leicester mate ... still what about our porr comrades that live in brighton , when there look out there window , there see the sight of 50 thousand queers there all strtting there * * * * on the street
wrong bitch ass nigga
many of us have tried to explain that right wing does not always equate to white supremacy they stuck their fingers in their ears and said la la la la fuck it we are all white supremacists now unitetheright charlottesville
the demon worshiper should put to death , demon possessed man like the sadistic serial killer pedophile muhammad
< user > this administration never fails to keep their white trashy unprofessionalism from leaking out
just two of eight first round matchups are set entering the final weekend of the regular season : mtl vs. nyr and pit vs. cbj . #
stanleycup
ca n't stand all these beta males .
too sissy to suck on a dick like a real man .
it 's mainly a fox thing because the christian right is the last bastion of the male chauvinist pig ...
man bro i would love to suck that fat cock and suck your balls and asshole .
best thing to do is go along to a blood and honour gig .
there is one in london in 2 weeks .
the sr-22 is simply an ar-15 assault rifle variant , and clearly needs to be banned .
all dangerous guns like this one need to be outlawed .
ad a real one but he look like a cambodian prostitute
you 're sure about that which you ought not be .
one thing i can happily disprove : with a few more words !
many important figures in our religion 's history were married .
some actual , living roman catholic priests are married today .
speculating on whether and when married persons have " relations " with their spouses seems mentally insalubrious .
i certainly agree with you that the marital status of clergy is a matter of internal church discipline .
you previously acknowledged that the familiar discipline concerning married clergy has allowed for exceptions .
merry christmas to you !
now , back to those fish ...
or like the right amount of horny but not for lesbians
shut the fuck up you dumb ass bitch
when you 're really really really broke and hungry , you can never go wrong with pao tsin .
trust me .
proven and tested .
men are trash .
there .
i said it .
saying the n word if you ’ re white means you ’ re racist and saying the f word if you ’ re straight means you ’ re homophobic idc what u say
in a way , perry 's application for the job is the equivalent of a police chief in sarasota springs , ny applying for the new york city police chief 's job at one police plaza .
his expertise in dealing with conflicting groups , protests and other forms of social activities , and how their department dealt with it there ,   should be key in evaluation .
any noise on his marijuana viewpoints should be seen for what it is ... throwing shade on a candidate .
went to my first pride this year but left my straight boyfriend at home and went with some other queer friends .
there were actually so many bi pride flags that i 'm bringing him next year 😊
guess this clown forgets that monica was a willing participant .
no comparison .
trump and weinstein both made advances at women who clearly said no or asked them to stop .
big difference corey .
but you ’re a man wtf do you know about being sexually harassed ?
obviously , nothing .
furthermore , in case any of you have forgotten hilary was running for office not bill .
and trump has been nothing but a national disgrace and embarrassment to the united states .
stick that in your cap and smoke it corey .
wait , were n’t you fired by trump ?
i ’d wipe that brown dukie off your nose !
i do n't think " component " means what you think it means .
perhaps you mean " counterpart " .
but the antifas and other counterprotester elements are far more numerous and active than the neo - nazi - alikes .
the latter had charlottesville , then the former discredited the claim that the latter were responsible for the violence there by following up with boston , berkeley , seattle , etc .
in the following weeks with no one remotely " nazi ' as opposition .
and they do n't " cause both left and right demonstrations to go bust " in remotely the same way .
beat downs on non - nazi " nazis " and discrediting your co - demonstraters by doing so is not remotely the same thing .
( contd . )
rep. seaton is a fair man dunleavy , unlike the man that looks back at you in the mirror .
even when the overwhelming percentage of public testimony was to the contrary .
you knew you had the votes in committee , so you rushed that bill through the in a whirlwind .
your religious zealotry is pathetic !
trump said they are violating the " spirit " of the deal but not the word .
trump 's way out on an impotent limb with this .
he will be ignored by congress , his own cabinet ( gen. maddis ) , and the other parties to the deal .
what is black and sticks to a tree ?
a peeping tom after a forest fire
the syrian muslim refugees live among the common people terrorizing raping stabbing and plotting their next attack against the infidels royals and the other < percent > er globalists live conveniently sheltered from the evils they push on us little people
@ian lee now i wonder who would murder a elderly black activist women and stick her body in a car trunk .you are are a typical red hat inbred moron ....... no hate crime here , right cupcake .
freaken boy wonder here folks .........
is your workplace that idiotic it plays the ssb everyday and demands you sing along ?
what a f'd up job , man .
lol when did i ever say anything about gay sex i simply said your ad hominem attacks were tasty hominem does not mean homosexual hahahahahaha
jedi mike jedi mike < number > hours ago i wonder if these thugs listening to rap songs in the locker room that glorify violence that wud be awesome to get that out it wud destroy there stupid protest ﻿
keep fucking with our guns , we 'll keep fucking with you whores wanting to murder babies .
fuck him like you fuck'n own him and get his fuck'n cunt hurt'n fuck'n good and fuck'n beggin ' for the filthy fuck'n good balls deep fuck'n unload ( part 1 ) 👍 url
hillary is for women the following could not be reached for comment yazidi girls aborted girl babies syrian women and girls abandoned by their men we can not print the comments of jones willey broaddrick etc dirtyhillary neverhillary
and the muslim american cop who shot accidentally a white woman is already in jail .
this american justice system is rotten to the core .
frminists are unhappy dykes seeking to undermine men due to low a pussy stockpile they are slaves to their higly unstable sex drive
excuse me , extremely stupid and uneducated person , not of ametican origin , but frm a foreign country who knows nothing of the us constitution : 
 us law states : 
 a ) the militia of the united states consists of all able - bodied males at least 17 years of age and , except as provided in section 313 of title 32 , under 45 years of age who are , or who have made a declaration of intention to become , citizens of the united states and of female citizens of the united states who are members of the national guard .
so , all americans are of the militia .
race jokes are great as long as they are n't hateful and everyone is comfortable with them .
friendship and respect is much more important than being p.c constantly .
love your fellow human
hope he gets ptsd when i rip fattys intestines out of his asshole .
i did n't say everything was at the margin .
by definition , it 's the things at the margin that are at the margin .
you know religion is the original conspiracy , it was invented for greater control of a broader spectrum of people , it was the next logical step for a post roman civilisation .
we are very clearly made in the image of apes that have lost most of their hair .
i ’ m convinced all white girls are hoes
on their next album , the band slipknot is going to have a song that is dedicated to the “ pulse ” nightclub shooting that took place in 2016 .
it ’s going to be called , “ pulse of the faggots . ”
germans are a bunch of faggots it is not even your country anymore youse are done
if ' divine intervention ' is eye - rolling nonsense as gg asserts , let 's strip " god keep our land glorious and free " from 0 canada .
and , edit god out of the preamble to our charter : " " whereas canada is founded upon principles that recognize the supremacy of god ... : "
okay , if you hold that opinion of her , what of a man that not only begins a relationship with her but continues it ?
is that the type of trusted individual we need at the helm ?
as for what was " alleged , " it 's enough for me that she used her position ( and he not only allowed it but supported it ) to gain personal advancement and a heck of a lot of lucre .
sorry , but a 67 year old brilliant pol led around by the nose by a scheming woman just does n't pass credibility in the 21st century .
kitz should have the decency to just go away and be spokesperson for a cowboy boot manufacturer or something .
trump , november 13 , 2016 , on “ 60 minutes ” 
 “ i would rather see it , where you went with simple votes .
you know , you get 100 million votes , and somebody else gets 90 million votes , and you win .
there ’s a reason for doing this .
because it brings all the states into play . ”
in 2012 , the night mitt romney lost , donald trump tweeted .
" the phoney electoral college made a laughing stock out of our nation . . . .
the electoral college is a disaster for a democracy . "
gimme all of that ultraviolence
" why is honey so fucking disgusting why do people eat it like everytime i feel tempted to try it again like " " maybe last time it was just bad " " "
your a hoot always good for a laugh .
akjim bob i agree .
education is n't " sacred " , there is lots of waste in education and it is one of the biggest line item in the budget .
cut it 10 % at least
yet you use the very " construct " you decry to justify your position .
unless of course you admit that your argument is irrational .
as for " hurtful " , better check your feelings at your front door .
you or i do nt have any right to have your feelings protected .
if we did , i would call you out for your offensive comment .
as for the " heterosexual males " , that s just sexist and ignorant .
i advice you to follow @hotnatachaxx , she is a very hot slut 😍 ♥ ️ 💦 watch her while screch her ass in many ways and take a cumshot in face 😍 url
" the lost boys of pakistan " would be a more applicable name .
recalling a cbc interview of a " jamaican canadian " what it meant for her to be a canadian , she replied , " ah , but what is a canadian ?
when i am in jamaica , i am a jamaican .
when i am in canada , i am a canadian . "
people should not judge muslims fast crime ni crime nyinyi kazi kurusha midomo ety oh ety aa fuck you if you have nothing to say
reasons i 'm glad i am not liberal -- i do n't have to pretend that : 

 1.oprah is inspiring 
 2.chelsea is smart / pretty 
 3.hillary even once by accident did a good job at anything 
 4.hollywood / media is correct about anything 
 5.bj clinton is a statesman ( ditto : obama / w / carter ) 
 6.there are more than 2 sexes .

man you are straight up retarded .
i hate that you are in the human pool .
you substanially lower us just by being alive you are clearly a wound up neckbeard redneck .
do nt go on any shootings ok ?
just stay calm .... also stop saying cunt , you are american you prick , you do n't even say that word for fuck sake .
that is our word
i 'm so ugly when i first get up in the morning that i have a face that only a mother could love .
in 1845 , texas was admitted into the united states as the 28th state .
translation how can you tell that a muslim is lying to you
why do people like opiates so much ?
the sickest i 've ever been was coming off the morphine after my surgery .
just the thought of going near the stuff makes me retch .
just about all of these able - bodied 20 - somethings you see aggressively begging for money in parking lots across denver are where they are because they are junkies .
are these kids just idiots ? "
hey i 'm 28 , i think i 'll start recreationally using the drug that is responsible for the ' epidemic ' that everyone is talking about . "
brilliant .
i can not imagine having to live with this level of cognitive dissonance life is so much easier when you just say fuck it and adopt race realism and white nationalism instead of contradicting yourself a gorillian times over just to make niggers and jews hate you less
learn to count to five 
 then try to count to seven 
 count to five again
i find myself in his district thru no fault of my own and i have a real distaste for the area .
however , i will do my due diligence , liam , to ferret out the weasels !
no officer i was n't drunk driving , i was swerving on them hoes .
italy .
here is the integration of " diverse " youth .
the program goes 100 % well .
multiculturalism works .
un can be proud of its achievements .
włochy .
oto integracja " różnorodnej " młodzieży .
program udaje się w 100 % .
multikulturalizm działa .
onz może być dumna ze swoich osiągnięć .
url
" bullying " i hope a large ukranian gentleman strikes you in the head with a sledgehammer , you pussy .
simple solution that must have been mentioned previously .
if they have to have that very plot of land for a cemetery and it was voted down by the owners of the surrounding properties , buy enough of the surrounding properties to sway the vote their way .
it 's always amusing when i come across some plug ugly " woman " who used to be a man .
i 'll just never understand the need of some normal men to want to become such an ugly woman .
until such time as these mentally damaged individuals can get their dna changed , they just drag queens and pathetic wannabees .
hint : minor amputations and subsequent washing down with fds does not make you a woman .
no one is happy with the way these events are turning out .
they happen way to often .
if life on that particular reserve is that bleak , that hopeless ... change it .
do something to make it better .
if it ca n't be made better ?
leave .
go somewhere .
go anywhere .
please do n't wait for the government to figure out what 's going wrong .
they wo n't .
ever .
the government is terrible at what they do .
fb so ghetto 😭 😭 whew
men ca n't be raped .
if you 're a man you consent by default .
better yet ban smoking on city sidewalks .
no fuckyouandthehorseyourodeinon and while we are at it you are removed from my followers muted for being a retarded homosexual
well i do not agree with dinesh trump or anyone really d however the right is indeed more populist right now while left establishment is getting too greedy and using virtue signaling to undermine those and others they claim to support ghetto pimping
jews are not white
< user > he doesn ’ t really hate immigrants not white ones anyway he ’ just giving his base what they want
< user > you are too wonderful of a man to be in the late 1 9 2 0 better the late 1 9 5 0 as wwii would be over men were men women were respectful and loving dressed like ladies conservative women still are and do
christianity is exploding in africa because christianity is a primitive jewish sand nigger religion lol no surprise there if only white chritsians moved over there took their primitive jewish sand nigger religion with them
your an a$s ..... the people who are in despair are not millionaires , that is the whole point , they are being attacked by the ultra rich aka the multi - millionaires , aka trudeau and morneau .
i hate a nigga with bitch ass tendencies lmfaoo u just got a extra leg u fuckin peon
real tired of queer cis men trying to insert themselves in [ cis , trans * , queer ] women 's spaces & # 128580 ;
trump banning transgender people from the military is completely unfair to america 's enemies .
could it be that the bc liberals have latched onto the thermal coal story as they need a diversion to detract from this breaking report ?
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/02/world/canada/british-columbias-business-temptation-an-opaque-array-of-tax-breaks.html?_r=3 

 bc " set up a system of tax incentives to lure businesses" ... "inn the hopes of creating jobs and transforming vancouver into a global financial center . "
but " participating companies have created few jobs , according to government figures , while more than 140 million canadian dollars ( $ 106 million ) have been doled out in tax refunds since 2008 " 

 " the incentives operate under a cloak of secrecy that is unusual for similar efforts in canada and the united states , critics say .
the province will not name the companies that get the breaks . "
continued
your wife is scum divorce her and keep your relationship with your daughter .
hopefully you do n't get divorce raped by your skank of a wife .
after the shooting in orlando .
< repeat > june has changed from gay pride month to gay died month .
# leeds really has got some amazing views ! ! !
makes you really think and take it in when ur sat in a fence & # 128514 ;
< user > while jewish involvement is undeniable muslims are the ones who are actually raping and murdering across europe do not get me wrong oven the jews too but my hatred of muslims will always be greater and more personal
deport all the illegals and build the wall !
anybody that tries to stop ice tomorrow should be jailed and fined .
while at the gentlemen club many complain about censorship at big media we got shocked at seeing the person who more ruthlessly rebelled against it was a vegan liberal muslim woman who should have enough positive labels and so banal opinions she should not have ever been censored
ms mckenna , perhaps you should apologize for blurting out " that 's just stupid " to erin o'toole on ctv 's question period wrt his comments on nafta negotiations .
i was shocked you would treat a man that way , and it became abundantly clear why your most substantive legal experience was offering pro - bono services .
" 1 : " " so then kendall jenner sees the handsome people protesting and decides to abandon her photoshoot " " 2 : " " yes , this all sounds very good " " "
i 'm turnt up , i m fucked up , i smell like kush cologne — yo bitch wo n't leave me alone ... tell that bitch stop callin my phone
please re - read his post .
' many people ' heard and ran .
not just one black man .
and i do n't recall him saying there were any witnessess who said it was a black man that fired the gun shots .
per charles hern - it 's vegas .
everything is video - taped .
congratulations !
60 + hours a month that 's allot of volunteering .
muslim moots we have like < number > days more before ramadhan time really fly so fast
my fellow whites i have terrible news jews and niggers still exist
actually there are 3 genders not 30 .
male , female , and confused .
only thing worse than veterans are their slut wives least i can pump em an dump before their genocidal psycho mass murderer husbands come back that s how i maga
reminds me of allen boulch 's murder in 1994 .... 

 " the body of allen c. boulch was found in kincaid park in anchorage on september 24 , 1994 .
as a result of an investigation into boulch 's death , the state brought criminal charges against william r. moore , phillip c. wilson , alexander g. pappas , and ryan g. chernikoff .
on october 14 , 1994 , the grand jury indicted all four defendants for conspiracy to commit murder in the first degree , murder in the second degree , conspiracy to commit robbery in the first degree , and robbery in the first degree . "
prayerfully something like this may continue , especially for minorites / blacks
you invited sandnigger child rapng muzzies into your home and you are still allowed custody of your own children
wow - i just flagged someone for saying stfu , and then i read your post - and that 's all i can think of to say , too .
seriously , chas - when will you stop blaming every evil in the world on white males ?
yeah i 'm writing again i 've got 3000 + words of plot and the characters haven't fucking interact yet just shoot me .
in the < number > < number > police hated pakis as we all did but it was the police who saw the results of pakis who battered and raped wives and daughters and prostituted them police thought any white girl with a paki was scum and deserved all she got
@whyyousoloudhoe he needs to be deported
i m so depressed right now 
 i m in so much pain , why ca nt a girl make me feel better ?
ca n't talk w / males , ca n't grasp anything more complicated than a video game .
@dylan_vadnais24 ca n't talk sports with females .. call me sexist
frum : media mistakes are caused by ‘ overzealous effort ’ to be fair to trump
i do n't know where you got that from .
post war germans did anything it took to rebuild their country .
when industry started to crank up they needed workers and the gastarbeiter program began .
there were no moroccans .
it was turks , yugoslavs , italians .
but to say germans did n't do menial work is a complete lie .
while looking through a magazine with my daughter , i said , " hey what do you think of this hairstyle ? "
while looking through a magazine with my daughter , i said , " hey what do you think of this hairstyle ? "
she liked it . "
well it 's too bad you can only have this one , i said , pointing at a picture of vin diesel on the next page .
she started crying as the nurse set up her next round of chemo treatment .
this is for kevin fe*ge you big fat white nasty smelling fat bitch why you took the mutants off the mufucking schedule with your trifling dirty musty racist ass you big fat bitch oompa loompa body ass bitch i 'm coming outside and i 'm beating the fuck out of y
< user > < user > why is it that straight men like to watch dykes get dicked down
why are so many men voluntarily giving up their position as patriarchal oppressors who benefit from living in a rape culture to become members of the oppressed livestock class of sex objects ?
let them hoes be greatrt @keyawnagallatin : y'all bitches be really reaching for the side - titty look
the only real nazi is george soros and he is currently using ngo to flood europe with 3 rd world peoples he funds antifa he funds womens groups he is very anti white you d think the nazis were pro white based on the context of the insult
a liberal decrying the loss of freedoms ? ! ! ! !
roy roy roy , a hillary that can give you everything   you want , can take everything that you have .
and take take take she would have .
so that she could carry on the obama legacy .
accept your losses , go to the bar , and cry in your beer .
< user > i ’ ve always dated white men who ’ ve never dated black women they all from america mytwocents
not real familiar with how education works i see .
and not real familiar with what i believe .
throwing money at the problem is the liberal solution .
my answer is to take the money and invest in the teachers and the students instead of buying votes by padding union coffers and growing administration .
quality education requires dedicated teachers but it also requires being innovative .
that 's why competition is good because competition gave us a better world to live in and competition should lead to better schools .
@liambyrnemp save your girls from pakistani grooming gangs first , you stupid twat .
us suspends refugee resettlement interviews pending action from trump < url >
< number > to fulfill this plan the left is trying to fill the country with the 3 rd world population they are easily moldible into revolutionary lumpen combined with home grown ghetto population they will be a huge striking force
brown skin dark skin women so fine
no , i like that you 're bi .
it 's hot !
the time - stamps show trump was the first to make a comment - and of course it was a lie .
corker responded to the man - baby in the wh .
heaven help us !
@bol_com_games @savescreen what would i capture ?
i do n't know ... er ... quarters ?
can those fit in there ?
trans women can identify as lesbian anyone who thinks otherwise can eat my ass url
aunz | # stigmabase — ' i do get messages from people in the lgbti community about how my work has helped them come … url
all history demonstrates that converting the jew to christianity does not work duh jews are a race and that letting them run free ends in the destruction of white society and terminates in whitegenocide
his teammates ' reactions to him is all i need to see .
this guy deserves a chance .
# bbcgolf westwood originally showing 6 on 10 and not 4 .
garcia originally showed 5 and now 7 ! ! #
canttheyaddup
< user > nice job towel head
i feel like slapping a bitch
i wish i had a 9 - 5 !
i 'm 7am-10 soooo how i deal with my commuting and work schedule : prepare all meals on sundays so i 'm not eating crap through the week . [ ... ] !
saudi can suck a dick tbh , fucking bastards
not just thundercunts .
cock juggling thundercunts .
i feel like baltimore niggas can only put up with baltimore women bc we all a little retarded
< user > the bad bitch life is not for everyone
interview 77 gay sway or you 're straight 😘
< user > < user > but you have to keep quiet for the sake of diversity when white kids are targeted groomed and gang raped by mainly muslim men where your outrage for our kids
lol blackmail .
inconceivable !
men are so fucking useless , it 's sickening .
the only thing your good for is sending and most of you small brian imbeciles ca n't even mange to do something as simple as that .
# findom # paypig # sugardaddy # femdom # mistress # domme # goddess # feet @domme_rtslave @dirkhooper url
that feel when no popular male haircuts mesh with you 
 basically every one of them gives an aura of brashness and arrogance , a nerd would look stupid with them
nobody wants illegals here !
any person wanting to enter america should be of good character , no felonies , skilled so they can work and not leach off our tax dollars and medicare system , and with money in the bank .
coming to usa is not a freebie vacation .
they need to go through the system or stay where they were born .
sick and tired of idiots enabling this criminal activity .
imagine if this much effort and news coverage was focused on our homeless and impoverished american families and veterans .
take them all down .
i do n't care if they 're black white democrat republican whatever .
they 're all meth heads now .
i guess that 's what qualifies as being a real man to something like you ?
cuckold ?
that insult does n't even make sense .
you 're too stupid to live .
i ca n't wait until we start hunting you cunts .
being in a relationship with the mentally unstable serial cheater = playing stupid games .
getting gonorrhea and being molested by the doc = win stupid prizes .
it 's not rocket science .
aaron hernandez has killed himself in prison .
< repeat > he clearly misunderstood when his lawyer told him to hang in there
good on you man !
i wish more younger ( like 15 - 17 ) trans * people were able to start hormones and get the reaffirming surgeries they need .
you have n't seen the godfather movies ? !
you are not really a man if you have n't seen them .
fuck @theyoungturks , these pricks have no power .
buncha smelly , overweight , white dudes url
hey guys , maybe if we meddle in the me again , take sides , supply weapons , send money , send food , rebuild the country after a long drawn out war and resettle anyone with a gripe over in america maybe , just maybe we will be loved 

 just like : 
 libya 
 iraq 
 afghanistan 
 palestine 
 syria 

 what could go wrong
yeah bro the globalists hate the jews that why they bend over backwards to persecute anyone who criticizes the jews because the jews are the real victims of globalism now this is pilpul
speaking as a provider quite familiar with native agencies and the communities that they are supposed to serve , this " revelation " is far from surprising , though that does not make it any less disappointing , shameful , or immoral .
have things improved when it comes to native health care in the last 20 + years ?
sure .
does that justify these ridiculous numbers compared to the simple problems which still persist ?
absolutely not .
does n't matter who else is doing the same kind of thing , does n't matter how comparatively little these sums might be in the larger scheme of things , it 's still perfectly representative of the waste , fraud , and abuse that handicap the system every hour of every day .
as is the case for many others , i 've seen it firsthand .
credits to andrew rose kcon rookies la clip and vantablack < number > < number > < number > and < number > fancams on youtube
shutup fag & # 8220;@mraugustaisina : on some real shit , females love a real nigga like me ! & #
8221 ;
we ’re walking through the same time connected to each other whether i go to you or you come to me # maywardflyhigh
you sir , sound like an incel .
you must be into children too for jocking sophie turners nuts so hard .
the air force will do likewise .
this individual will serve in the air force civil service .
my boy graduated from a military academy .
each midshipman or cadet applies for the jobs they want to do as well as the service they want to commission in .
less than 50 % are actually assigned their first choice of job , although most do get their choice of service .
the military tells you where they need you .
nancy pelosi 's " equality act " will harm women the most .
males claiming to be women will be able to replace biological females in sports , education & the workplace .
it 's disgusting how quick dem leaders will toss women aside so they can pander to their next group of " victims . "
url
this was normal for me until i started dating outside the straight world .
a trans girl was the first girl to make me feel beautiful in 10 years .
@naughtypairuk what 's even hotter is when she 's fucking your ass with her strapon and sucking you off too 🤤 😍
i wish i was in at in that mosh pit that 's in @kayzomusic 's snap & # 128563;&#128121;&#128121;&#128121;&#128121;&#128121 ; fucking gnarlyyyyyyy
just so we 're clear : if you 're not cool with trans folks , including nb folks , we 're not cool
i said that ghetto trash like emminem is in at the moment and my acct got blocked i signed in an deleted my account tired of being lectured and censored while ghetto trash is allowed < number > speak freely
rt @lesxo _ : ca nt turn a hoe into a husband either
guys , shoot that bitch .
the alt right is full of feminists white knight captain save a hoe beta cucks
i would say trump vs bernie as to civility .
ha !
you 're kidding right ?
other than being angry old white men , bernie is just not an ugly human being as is trump .
citations ?
every public speech and appearance trump 's made in the last year .
no - i do n't have an iota of respect for trump - not because he is " gop " -ha !
i say again , it is because he is who and what he is .
ps - i think " liberal way " is a street in philly
the politicians need to keep feeding them to keep up the numbers which will eventually come here and vote for them .
look , the only live action disney remake i want is the emperor ’s new groove and i want there to be no cgi
sooo , religions and cultish practices encouraged dumb behavior .
noted .
yeah but it not stopping the chinese women it better if the chinese women get there before the black women for sure
articles in the paper were often headed with the letters ( ap ) , and occasionally ( upi ) ; william week 's anonymous biographer , in an untitled and undated chapbook , claims that the latter letters stood for " unite , polygamists , immediately ! "
despite persecution ( including the repeated pilfering of sorts and slugs ) , the newspaper survived the decade of the 1860s , and in 1871 , after william week was fatally defenestrated by the angry uncle of young harriet hanford , whom week hoped to make his third wife , the name of the paper was changed to " willa & mette week 's weekly , " and a series of typographical errors over the years eventually gave us the willamette week that we know and tolerate today , but which , sadly , has lost sight completely of the causes of alliterative polygamy and local new gathering , though it still manages to report idle gossip and the very rare and occasional scrap of useful agricultural advice .
holy fucking shit .
lefties and conservative fucks are all the same .
destiny was right .
it 's been 3 years since there was another white guy added to the game .
they 're acting the same fucking way that gamer bros did when tracer / soldier were lgbtq .
fucking christ .
it 's mostly women too ... which just makes me more triggered because i try to defend them the most and now i feel like i 'm going to on some squadw incel rant rampage .
fuck all of them .
< user > news flash yes you can sure white people do not have to deal with systematic racism and have it way easier than other groups i am not gon na deny that but just like everyone else there still stereotypes they have to deal with all white people are racist for example
right this is the biggest problem most men would rather be stupid cucks and you try to be nice and they stab you in the back .
fuck em that is why i do not even bother i will just fuck their women lol .
only sucking one of those niggas dicks so we need to focus .
because your tax dollars and everyone else 's tax dollars is dumped into a large money fountain that is dipped into to pay for infrasructure , ensuring commerce and domestic tranquility and such notions put forth and voted on , indirectly by voters and the elected .
when i have googled her in the wikipedia history , her mother left when she was 15 and did n't return from japan til she was 33 .
cruz 's mother was probably over 18 when she emigrated to canada with her husband .
the difference may be that her mother probably never establish her citizenship rights when she was in japan so her children born there were not considered american citizens .
so it 's true that mazie is an immigrant .
also , i check her govt web page - just 4 of 7 pages .
in the 115th congress she has cosponsored 63 bills and sponsored 17 bills .
i 'd say she 's been doing her job .
the incident orlando left everyone crying besides the parents of the victims .
under obamacare single men have pediatric dental ... and menopausal women have prenatal care .... look for the same idiocy in " free " healthcare .
when first looked at in california within the last year they found the cost was roughly double the entire state budget ..... am anxious to see the gyrations required to make this look affordable .
bisexual ?
should be ' trysexual ' .
they 'll try anything as long as it feels good , you know ?
it 's like , where does it end ?
just stick to one , either men or women .
one second it 's men , then it 's both , then it 's animals and children .
when u take a quiz and they tell u ur 100 % crazy about potatoes tell me something i do n't know like carb the fak up bitch
" would n't let michael in because he was " " starring " " you got me so fucked up ... "
take the low iq child and unite him with his low iq parents in mexico 👶 🏿
trump is a “ businessman ” , but a lousy one .
if he had n’t been born to money , he would n’t have any .
sure : trump has employed a lot of people , including a lot of women .
he probably even employed some women whom he did n’t grope ; he says that some women are not attractive enough to merit a grope by “ the donald . ”
but for trump , people are merely a means to an end -- disposable when they no longer advance the end for which he is using them : the personal aggrandizement of donald j. trump .
thousands of people lost their jobs and livelihoods in his several bankruptcies , while he stiffed the small businesses , contractors and their workers who worked for him in the naive expectation that he would pay them what he owed them ; trump never missed a meal or an hour ’s sleep .
the republicans could have nominated a decent human being with at least minimal qualifications for public office ; they did n’t .
they nominated instead an openly racist , defiantly fascist know - nothing boor .
britain military is also trying to recruit women by flooding social media with supposed selfies of gals looking cute in their uniforms and they are dumb enough to fall for it our men need to get back control of the females as a top priority or there will not be any left
these lil white twitter fags stay online all day and search for me to make new accounts and mass report me the jews have these white pussy totally brainwashed into hating there own race they talk about how much they love muslims and blacks crazy fucken world jews caused this
when i see usernames like jill kews or people posting pictures of violence against black civil rights marchers on here i know they are neo bolshevicks here to piss in the well that is and will continue to be a problem with rightist spaces
true - but then again , the dp   management has sure placed a fear of speaking freely in the hearts and minds of the rest of their employees - " this will be the consequence if you do n't publicly speak as we tell you to . " ...
how many can afford to lose a job and will instead not speak freely in the future ?
scienceduck -- me too by the way ... he 's looking for an excuse , sounds about right .
trap out my house this ai n't no bando
they just brought that ignorant racist redneck douchecanoe back like nothing ever happened m nf x espn
fucking hate big fuck off feelings such shitty little pricks the twats just fucking piss off the stupid gigantic whores leave me alone u twats
jesus , what is wrong with you people ?
four women have come forward and gone on the record , that a 30 + year old man asked them out and molested them when they were all , all underage .
they were all trump supporters .
they have n’t sued or signed a book deal or are making any money from this ordeal .
they had to be found , they did n’t come forward of their own volition .
it is not fake news .
( btw , virtually everything trump has called “ fake news , ” actually proved to be true . ) .
thirty people were interviewed for the article .
it ’s true .
you ’re defending a pedophile !
do you hear yourselves ?
is that what the gop has become ?
the party of bigots , pedophiles and ( according to rex tillerson ) f - ing morons ?
please tell me that at least some of you are not so divorced from reality and human decency that you wo n’t stoop to standing up for a sexual predator .
just about everybody in /r / bestof agrees : men are incapable of controlling sexual urges ; if you do n't give your husband sex he will cheat on you .
> , ultimately questioning whether they should have married him instead of a much more emotive latino helicopter pilot .
this is all very funny .
thank you for eloquently explaining what most men struggle with regularly !
too bad he did n't receive a capital sentence ......
wow , you really seem to be able to read invisible print .
there are no statistics to back up your differentiation between what you call practicing muslims and secular muslims .
i wish there were .
i wish that i could be confident that islam , which does not distinguish between the church and state , will not become the largest religion in canada .
i wish i could be confident that muslim immigrants , and their families , will secularize , or at least adhere rigidly to th concept of church state separation .
your wishful fantasizing does not make it so however 
 .
for the record , again , the number of canadians identifying as muslim has increased from 0.5 % to 3 % between 1991   and 2011 .
this does not include those , of any race or creed , who identify as non - religious , which by the way would include me .
i am not ashamed and indians do n't have to speak hindi i speak malayalam
take time to look over the plans at this project , the travel plan for the salmon heading up to spawn .
it 's quite impressive , and does work .
it 's down to population growth , or not , how much does a person want to be paying , not only out of your budget , but in the long term life of a commodity .
power generation , born out of necessity , so keep that in mind .
the dynamics mentioned in this article , pristine wilderness , tourism , the economy , all are indeed important .
the utility faces equal challenges when gas turbines are to be employed .
although clean burners nowadays , they are indeed burning fossil fuel 24/7 .
hydro power , initially does stir up some land for roads , and underground , depending on the project , after completion , be amazed the reclamation that is done to the area .
if you want no electric power , then let 's return to the pristine late 50s when i first saw the kenai area , not much of an electrical demand then .
what was tourism ?
the utility is just addressing demand .
people who think they can not put effort into a relationship and have it be goals have me fucked up bc it does n't work like that
low fi whiteskins worry about jew milo while he tells them white nationalism is wrong and bad and avoid it what is wrong with you whitesies people you have a red rubber ball on your nose and your brains are tough as steamed tilapia
niggas will talk to bitches that only use them and have nothing to offer but pussy and throat .
she 's a pure slag
these sort of posts mean so much to me since i 'm pre - everything and still present male .
good girl my submissive little slut .
your sucked my cock like a whore , while the neighbors watched .
then you mounted my cock , and fucked yourself .
i fingered your ass hole , and crushed your tits , until i filled your pussy with cum .
now my warm cum is draining from your fuck hole !
url
only cowards and pussy faggots talk shit about the homeless like this .
i never make fun of the homeless , shit can happen to anybody that do n't t rely on mommy and daddy .
count your blessings that the homeless do n't start killing people randomly and stabbing you with needles .
karma is a killer
< user > brown immigrants will be blamed
what are you a muslim do you want women to walk around with a tent over themselves to protect your fragile masculinity from arousal
both root and koa announcers are hired by the broadcast partner but subject to approval by the club .
that 's why i accept the homerism , but regardless it does not excuse the amateurism .
also i saw an interview with the cowboy a few years ago where he insinuated that broadcasters who were candid did not get their contracts renewed .
harry , you 're such an inspiring human & amp ; have a pure kind soul in your beautiful figure .
ily h !
@harry_styles kindly follow me ?
εїз & # 128035 ; 90,603
he or she should be deported for disrespecting her country and her president !
incels are worthless , annoying rodents .
lil bitch got that dick rearranging her guts url
so there is a job for you at oxford english dictionary .
you ca n't tell me what i mean when i say something , faggot .
i 'm on the fence with abortion .
on one hand it kills kids , but it also gives women a choice .
good post - from someone who views anyone not political in agreement with   say pol pot , or trotsky as ' far right " .
.
.
" socialism is a philosophy of failure , the creed of ignorance , and the gospel of envy , its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery " 

 winston churchill 
 https://www.brainyquote.com/quotes/quotes/w/winstonchu164131.html
make “ patriot ” as disgusting as “ nazi ” to liberals
gruhcho , your last several comments did n't contain anything to respond to , leaving aside the insults .
the article was about hate incidents against muslims , and i think i 'm on pretty safe ground to point to them as examples of bigotry and intolerance .
the only time i used the word ' racist ' i was quoting you .
funny , that .
high - five bi brother .
indeed it does rule
@derrick martin not all derick we are just going to deport anti american liberal idiots like you !
as far as who gets to decide ?
that would be the side that has all the guns .
buy buy snowflake !
i see normies going on and on about banning islam me i just cut to the chase and say we have got to start shipping these sand niggers back to the mid east where they belong
that 's like being bisexual- it 's not real !
yeah take them away homeless white britons move them to backalleys nigger ghetto wedding is coming to town complete with dreadlocks rap and initiation ceremony out of voodoo manuals sign the petition britfam let them know you do not want trashy hood rat stripper awarded with titles
i 've noticed that many new priests wear a cassock which was largely abandoned in the 70 's after vc2 .
the younger clerics seem to be nostalgic for the past which is largely why many millennials are walking away from the rcc .
the millennials are future oriented and know they must determine their own futures .
nostalgia for the past will not attract them to the church of the present .
this is cool .
i think kids should definitely know about the queer community and be understanding of ppl with different identities who exist in and contribute to society .
for those with the argument of " kids are too young " , being queer is no more about sex than being straight is .
url
wow , all the lines they think are hilarious are said by the main female character when she subjects herself to ridicule .
white guy it a witch hunt white guy they are a lynch mob white guy in that country they throw faggots off of rooftops
on a pasta sauce recipe being passed down in my family , grandma ( to sister ): : someday your mom will teach you how to make it !
grandma ( to brother and me ): : and she 'll teach your wives how to make it too .
i 'm 16 , male .
my brother has shown an interest in cooking .
thank you , i agree !
i think the idea of wanting to give exposure to a black business owner and build bridges between cultures is great , but i do n't think she needed to be the one getting her hair done in order to do that .
i think just appreciating from a distance and using her platform to help a black woman have her voice and experiences be heard would have been amazing , which is what she easily could have done if she just interviewed eden and had her do a black customer 's hair or something .
fucking open that hole bitch and take his cock .
by the time he is done with you your boi pussy will never be the same slutboy .
on the bright side you 'll be lubed and you 'll never feel a thing when the guys waiting their turn rape you all night long .
url
i 'm gon na pull a timothy mcveigh on a fucking pride parade
gardner is doing the right thing in this case , at least .
he also knows that in the end his vote wo n't matter either way .
it will have enough votes to pass the senate plus its chances in the house are almost nil .
so it is not like he is sticking his neck out for dreamers .
real tired of queer cis men trying to insert themselves in [ cis , trans * , queer ] women 's spaces & # 128580 ;
y all keep saying men are trash bitches ain t shit white people racist black people ghetto when you know literally < percent > of the world
wo n't gregor step into his ev - like everyone else ?
http://www.bloomberg.com/features/2016-ev-oil-crisis/
while some gender gaps are closing , others stay wide open .
the data we use and how we use it is a powerful force for gender equality . #
sdg5 via @bloomberg url
i am for equality in the law for all people white black red yellow and blue .
homo 's hetero 's well i draw the line ... http://t.co/ugzyrtkabw
hahah losers wanna chop their dicks off cuz they ca n't be happy in their own skin .
i hope we meet one day thanks for making a little more hopeful every time you smile , love you @linzzmorgan
and still , none of this filth will be held to account , and the game of capture will continue .
you woke it problematic that heidegger was associated with the nazis me based that was basically the only not bad thing about him
you can suck me off while i suck that delicious clit !
and apparently you are not aware of the science that exists proving you wrong .
gov organizations are notoriously politically biased and this group ( u.s. global change research program ) is full of people and organizations with an agenda .
every model , every prediction , every scare mongering used by the global warming alarmists have been proven wrong .
science is about looking at a hypothesis and testing to see if the testing matches your hypothesis , it does n't , it never has .
to make the absurd claim that it is settled science when you are faced with these results should tell everyone that these people have a political agenda not a scientific one .
sometimes i get to the point where i just do n't care anymore .
like literally i do n't fucking care .
bcoz i do n't feel the need to do so .
ghetto niggers know ghetto nigger stuff what can i say other than war is not ghetto nigger nonsense grow up lil guy your stupid is showing
hooey most police are local tell you what you go into the ghetto where they are killing each other like flies and bring a fucking fairy wand report back if you live
just blocked all the pretty females what y all ugly bitches up to
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > i 'd have $ < number > and a pile of counterfeits .
pretty girls ugly faces proves we deserve a ' hot ' women , as we lookmatch them when they do n't wear make up !
so if instead of an interrogation the accuser gets to have a sympathetic fireside chat with a female officer will the accused also get to have a sympathetic fireside chat with a male officer rather than being interrogated ?
it does amuse me that they can dish it out all day but they can not take it especially < user > that faggot has zero testicular fortitude
most muslim men are homosexuals pakistan has more male prostitutes than most countries film makers concluded that most pakistani men visit male prostitutes for sex if you do nt believe me ask the ex cricketer and now politician imran khan
diversity was never a good thing look at any black run city it is an absolute hell hole and now we have a bunch of uppity niggers trying to penetrate the republican party
you should stop inbreeding you low iq shitskin imbecile .
also stop using phrases you do n't understand the meaning of , it just reveals your 68 iq .
< number > members of antifa were arrested yesterday for aggravated assault i have < number > of their names they attacked women and police and pepper sprayed a young woman as well john aaron brian works for favor quintin hatt < number > manager at via < number > pizza both in austin texas
i am there 😈 oh by the way stiles harbor is now < user > he talks ghetto now lmwao
today is the jewish new year if the democrats were in the white house it would be the end of days for the jews
these kids are such faggots
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > the bible came before islam and the quran if i remember correctly
hey @ericheel looking at your timeline you would probably enjoy the anime " burst angel " give it a try bro .
not op 's fault that racist white men wo n't stop being racist white men .
if old racist white men do n't want to be called racist white men they should stop being racist white men .
# hitdogsholler
when you think about it , avatar aang is kinda like my dad he ran away when i needed him the most
man of steel , man of heart tame our ways , if we start to devise something more something half ways
minho they say < number > out of < number > boys is gay minho minho i hope it jisung jisung is very cute
" @yelyahwilliams @pmore_source the word " " fatties " " makes me cringe in that tweet ... still love ya though ! "
ya got ta love emo people ... if you do n't they 'll kill themselves and then suddenly you 're the bad guy
fuck allah that wanna beef shit nigga lets make a mill 💰
for me , one major advantage of my smartphone is that it makes me talk less .
is this even an advantage or disadvantage ?
i swear fine chicks be swearing they guy friends do n't wanna fuck them , it 's not that they do n't , they just ca n't cus they friendzoned
some of you all on here are hoes stop it
if only we had provided more weapons and money to terrorists , maybe we could have saved aleppo ! ?
why , oh why did n't we ship them more anti - tank missiles and man portable air defense missiles ! ?
oh , i feel so ashamed doctor .
some things americans don"t compromise upon .
they are enumerated in our easy - to - read u.s. constitution .
newsflash :   we live in a republic .
another wapo 1%er , billionaire jeff bezos - owned propaganda outlet muckraking the proles .
i have a fun historical fact for you guys .
the company that made the raggedy ann doll tried to make a doll to promote lgbt rights .
needless to say faggoty ann was not succesful .
tillerson is a globalist i was surprised he was ever hired he likes having queers in the boy scouts
my account is used for biz advice .
this time , my advice is simple - do n't use @yourdailytasks !
refund policy is not fulfilled .
perhaps you would be better   informed asking the ones who actually serve rather those who stand on the sidelines .
then you would have your true " telling " point .
also men have disgusting fucking feet bottoms saying ggggg
r / nothingeverhappens you underestimate gays
i did suggest trump could find ways to get other budgets to pay for it and that idea is perfect way to do it after all no objects to them doing levees to keep would be floodwater under control this is a immigrant levee to keep immigrants under control
i 've dated both a vietnamese and chinese man , so i 'm kind of excited to see how she adapts to the culture !
i know for me , it was hard - but asian culture is very family and goal oriented .
@mapofluv @detoxtrix how you gonna steal my joke ... i see the type@of nigger you are
abaya is pride of muslim women restore abaya notification
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
niggas acting like bitches
now we see that he did wrong should kept on treating them like arabs the real big slave tradors do until today hunted in the medieval even slaves in southern europe came up to geneva by the way
keep crying that people wo nt tolerate your movement while shoving shit like muh trans women have real vaginas down other peoples throats .
you re a joke lol
< user > that ’ so ghetto omg lmao this lady is dead she gone beat they ass in heaven
my wife full of lobster lays her head on the table her hand licked by a small white dog
muzzies should be kicked out of the usa these barbarian goathumpers and wifebeaters add nothing to american society send them back to the shithole they came here from they are her for the free stuff and have on intention of assimilating
@rearockinjays @nokseezy @nelayo_g when making love and the woman is on top ... she needs to spell coconut with her waist for the perfect woman - on - top 👌 🏽
i snatched my friend 's inhaler as a joke it must 've been pretty funny to him since he 's breathless , rolling on the floor .
you have got to be a special kind of stupid to get into one of these rape victim transport systems piloted by goathumping sandniggers
< user > my fellow men please stop being cucks it our job to protect women not to let them get raped and exploited by the kikes and negros in the name of tolerance
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
while some of those tweets are positive , the ratio of mentions with gg / nys in them is much higher than usual .
well , at least you are honest about your hatred of all women and admit that sexism in our church or anywhere else adds up to men believing women are less capable people physically , mentally and intellectually .
your beliefs are idiotic beliefs with no foundation in science or scripture to back them up but at least you show your absolute hatred of women out in the open for all to see .
you do n't pretend to love women while you support their human dignity being continually diminished thru unequal and unjust church rules or governmental rules .
she got shot in the face by your illegitimate father .. she 's still better looking than you , you have a face like a pig 's ass url
the   difference here & what sets q   apart from msm is that he is vindicating each report before it happen while reassigning each reader to becoming a truth seeker which the same ca n't be said of the msm
what 's the only state were being transgender is ok with parents ?
alabama
i wonder how many men would have gone to war and now lay in european graves defending canada 's freedoms had they known a hysterical tide of anti -- christian , anti - conservative phobia was to overtake the country and it would now be governed by traitors and cowards .
face it , the aga khan now runs canada and what the aga khan wants , the aga khan gets .
goodbye canada .
we need a donald trump now more than ever in our history .
he wo n't be coming .
he blocked me bc i m muslim
i 'm just really fucking stupid and i hate myself i did n't go to tuesday evening class and i 'm not going to either class today and yesterday
how is embracing known enemies enemies that have sworn to destroy this country and replace it with a muslim caliphate not treason
hahahaha cops changing tactics in the ghetto
men : fuck off you stupid cunts .
hey , if a gay couple can force a christian who opposes homosexuality to bake a pro - gay cake , then why ca n't the klan force black bakers to create a klan cake depicting lynchings and cross burnings ?
their blood most definitely is on trudeau little beta male hands if motion m < number > becomes a bill it will protect these fucking muslim terrorists when they attack us we will be expected to shut up and put up with it or we will be the ones going to jail
the fact is that this shanty has a rural longmont address , but is really closer to niwot .
boulder has this personal identity crisis , usually failing to look within .
in the 1990s my neighbor on 5th was john o'conner , who owned this vacation home .
on occasion , we 'd see him there with his wife sandra .
they went totally unnoticed .
some girls really cause problems for themselves by just constantly running their mouth , just shut up 😴
europe imports savages gets ghettos and crime and is surprised wherever they infest white nations this happens it proved by simple observation and experience and no where do they support the system or pay into it
sorry nazi faggot if you want me gone you will have to mute me until then bendover bitch lol
goveror - elect northum paid his dues the usual way , beating a sanders democrat , which is good for virginia but not necessarily everywhere .
northum ’s counter attacks were on point , even though i would have loved to see a response that equated opposition to felon rights restoration as voting suppression against black men , which it is .
winning elections is not necessarily winning the moral argument , it is getting out the vote .
this is pretty awesome seeing how they interact and all !
great vid !
it was rly interesting , all of the lgbtq talk , people have been hurt by the church before ! !
and as a christian i can say it 's sick to know people are treated less than they should be just because their sin may be more noticeable .
but we all sin , we 're all broken .
it still does n't change the problem with the sin , but it means that people rly need to take a heart check .
we all fall short , so stand your ground , pray for discernment with acceptance .
yes , it does make trolls like you wonder , does n't it ?
how could i possibly get the information i have without having been incarcerated myself ?
although i 've never been so much as arrested , if i had been i 'd have been in good company ; aside from political prisoners there are the everyday people who 've been falsely accused .
http://list25.com/25-worst-cases-of-people-being-wrongly-accused/
the normal narwhal noticed and named while the nocturnal narwhal nodded and nodded . #
normalnarwhal # nocturnalnarwhal
i have seen two people threaten to sue gab users for utterly frivolous reasons the raving retard braverymovie and you
< user > < user > < user > where your source i still have not seen any proof of the high levels of trans women who get raped in male prisons
dude my thesis class is on transhumanism and i 'm so fucking stoked .
people are crazy , , they want to lie cheat and steal from people , and then bitch , noone trusts them .. insanity
islamic pedophiles molest young boys on your tax dollars .
url
' this is football season .
a team can have more yards and lose the game .
what matters is how many points you put on the board '   - newt gingrich
* who knew buttery males could be so mean ! *
thu 22:49 : light snow ; temp -10.8 c ; windchill -20 ; wind se 25 km / h ; humidity 87 % ; press 100.8 kpa / falling .
gay people tweeting about got just look like they ’ re ready to party and play
and many cities still insist on having zoos .
these animals are not tame .
awesome , i 'm christian and bi , we probably have more things alike than different , more power to you friend ! !
active : " where did you read " everything " in the original comment ? "
active : " your claim depends on the relevance of jd power study to long term reliability . "
white women pregnant with a white baby boy here .
i wo n't be doing anyone a " favor " and pass on galavanting down to pp .
she can do all of us a real favor and trip down the steps and land on her head .
that 's not what a real man would do .
i 'm getting extremely sick & tired of watching men beating women !
whether it 's sharia or just worthless a$$ cowardly punks like these .
you do n't hit women !
at some point this is going to have a violent outcome & rebellion by women .
that day ca n't come soon enough !
pack a weapon !
url
what a bitter racist .
do you ever make a comment that does not have " white men " in it .
sorry you were not born a white man but you will just have to live with being part white man .
change your name to the mighty racist .
i had   heard so much anti - white programming on cbc radio in toronto that i was almost afraid to leave home .
i turned off cbc radio and almost immediately began to see the good in strangers rather than fear they would take offence to my whiteness .
without cbc 's   daily reminders that white people are racist and that everybody else has an axe to grind and a grudge to bear i actually began to see smiles and friendship on faces that were different from mine .
i propose a 30 day happiness challenge to readers .
turnoff cbc radio for 30 days and see if you are happier .
i guarantee the world will seem like a friendlier more welcoming place .
if after 30 days you are not happier you are welcome to go back to the cbc and the suspicion , fear and hatred they feed on .
thank you for pointing out that we must consider jesus as he is , not as we ’d like him to be .
we also need to remember that jesus was born , raised and died an observant jew , and that he offered a radical new interpretation of the law given to moses on mount sinai based on his law of love .
fortunately , we do n’t need to “ define down ” the fuller message of the gospel because jesus did it for us , and in only four sentences : “ you shall love the lord your god with all your heart , and with all your soul , and with all your mind and with all your strength .
this is the greatest and first commandment .
and the second is like it , “ you shall love your neighbour as yourself .
on these two commandments hang all the law and all the prophets ” ( matthew 22:36 - 40 & mark 12:28 - 31 ” .
it ’s easy to understand what jesus was proclaiming , but not so easy to conform your life to it .
it takes a life - time of effort , and we just ca n’t do it on our own without the grace of god .
i dunno where does this h < user > on j3ws come from among msian muslims like to even idolise h tler i m just speechless
even counting on the feminisation of western societies as one of the causes of the spread of islam jihad at the same time their inherent unbearable contradiction with the rights of women and gays will ultimately be the main cause of the demise of the religionofpeace i hope
< user > ‍ just listening to the latest radical agenda and was interested to listen to that one caller who said that we have an online ethnostate it seems more like an online ghetto to me but as they say you say tomato i pronounce it properly
if we all loved our neighbors .... oceans and walls mean nothing .... let alone borders !
alpha using his pathetic inferior faggot 's throat url
and you do n't think the abortion - embracing obamas did n't cause problems for this pope ?
senate hearing so bad that cia drove a home depot truck into some queers in ny .
i clearly state that we are n't perfect .
so what if i mess up ?
yea i believe in god and certain hard practices but oh fucking well .
i ca n't like a pussy here or there ?
i hope you liked what you saw because i know i did 🙄
with jerks like this prof , our uaa system is doomed .
his peers should work to get him out of the university asap .
stupid is as stupid does .
i 'd bet this man thinks he 's a real sophisticated , highly educated man .
wow , his common sense must have disappeared if it ever existed , maybe he 's eating his paints ?
" " " you & amp ; me , we 're under the same sky but we ca n't meet , but believe in me , i 'll be there for you " " & # 128420 ; "
ayuna vogel ayunascode .tiptopgs honestly , any other conf i 've been to so far had more women engs than # wwdc & # 128530 ;
cause he 's white and privileged so fuck him in particular even though he 's raped one person and has been deemed unlikely to be a repeat offender .
but fuck this guy in particular .
any time a man tells you to make him a sandwich , imagine it as " make me sandwich .
me am man .
me beat chest . "
in canada the bison , having more brains than politicians and green eyed eco twits , moved southward as their main food source , the prairie grasslands , suffered fifteen years of locust infestation thus denuding the grassland .
admittedly there was some killing of the animals by both the indigenous population and the nasty white man ( both french and english ) but the dominant reason was no food .
unfortunately both the written and visual media fail to explore the real reasons for the mass migration and perpetuate the myth that the white man was the reason .
it never ends .
if i tell a nigga move then his ass better move fucc around and get shot trynna bounce on my shoes ! ! !
rather amused at the uneducated criticism i 'm hearing about from gamergate .
they think a nonprofit means i wo n't have to pay taxes .
tinder had shown me my place in sexual market 
 used two boosters , swiped right hundreds of girls ( probably over a thousand ) 

 got 1 single match ...... 

 from a not with a casino ad as a profile pic 

 i knew my looks are had but that is even worse that i thought , my pic eas shown to hundreds of girls and none of them showd any interest lol
the only black girl i 've slept with , that bitch gave me gw .
i have to work tomorrow … the ghetto 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄
" mommy i do n't like grandma ... " " that 's okay sweetie , just eat your vegetables then . "
r.kelly did all that screaming and crying and is guilty af .
just like a nigga .
a dumb ass nigga wo n't know what he got until it 's gone
tired of y all erasing the contributions poc have made especially for marvel , black panther was the catalyst for introducing diversity as a successful investment & tessa thompson has always vied for female & lgbt rep to feige + marvel did n't do diversity for brie , it 's for money 😭
since you guys are opposed to miscegenation , i wonder what you think of yourselves being mixed .
that 's gay .
umm sulva bay in 1915 ? ? ?
seriously ?
heck in many previous wars troops were landed on beacheads froms ships ....
i have to see niggers at work in cars at stores just about every fucking where but one fucking place i refuse to see them is in my home that includes the tv muh sportsball
< user > what type of muslims are these funded by the hateful saudi wahabi govt
thanks for 270 followers !
make sure to follow if you wanna enter my giveaway ! !
sorry if your not canadian i can only make it in this country
this dyke wanted to keep arguing sir leave me alone it was a bid at first now you dragging it 😒
what is the difference between a homosexual and a mentally ill person ?
nothing .
as others have pointed out , it 's a great slogan .
the trump bit was the last straw .
thanks for having us everyone we've been @auntydonnaboys .
go see everyone .
yeah suck on my fat cock you disabled whore sac of meat lookin ass
these very unattractive women are an embarrassment to people of color .
i am a mexican american and to them i say : if you are not going to respect the values of this great nation .... fuera !
fuera !
de este pais ..... viejas feas !
pack your stuff ... y al carajo !
out of this country now ! ,
no one wants you , no one will miss you !
take your fish someplace else .
hahahahaha !
gracias mr trump for all you do !
we love you ! :)
trump 2020 !
latinos for trump !
what does a bisexual and jew have in common ?
they 'll do anything for money
rather than post ridiculous nonsense making up moronic things , join the rest of us in reality , and the reality is , a man with a gun prevented a thief with a knife from robbing him .
we should get doctors fresh out of med school who need internships do at least some if it at h4 .
if they can handle themselves there , they can pretty much handle anything else in the future !
time to be hypocritical and get mad at people dear people against lgbtqa hi it me the person who a hypocrite if you ca nt accept people if they are queer gay lesbian trans etc get out of your own fucking head we are happier being in the lgbtqa community lgbt qclub
the left just got caught in their own trap they promote islam and inter racial marriage mudsharks etc now they want to eliminate freedom of association and not mix it up you can not fix stupid
terrorists are not poc !
they are white supremacists with fragile immasculinity !
of the 154 mass shootings recorded in the u.s. in 2018 through 28 june , none of them were perpetrated by black men , undocumented immigrants , or women ! #
guncontrolnow
trump has yet to fulfill a single promise he said he would instead he has resorted to cucky republicrat shit like tax cuts and super awesome trade deals with arabs and asians i am not a cheer leader this guy has done jack shit for me
i love trannys because ... they cook , they clean , and you can beat them once in a while .
and if they call the cops , who are they gon na believe .
me or a guy wearing a wig .
we know the feeling many criminals in british jails are immigrants but british taxpayers have to pay for them to be there that said isis did not come from europe they are the product of uninvited muslims invading europe they originated from muslim countries
obviously your life is all about politics which you actually have little to no control over .
i 'm glad i do n't live   your life wasting time on things that you can not control .
i once was like you and got over politics .
try it , i guarantee that you will be a much happier person !
good luck , hope you can break it , it 's actually a horrible way to live .
apparently our vetting process is rock solid .
sure looks that way allowing sakr   the syrian born here .
then of course the government can not comment on them .
wonder why ?
we all need to build local millitias and take back usa 1776 the time is now 1776 
 trump choose your side will you be george washington part 2 this is war rise for your country rise for our country john 3:16 1776
adapt knows how to shame the police , corporations , and government at all levels .
you are naive if you think they can not bring political pressure to bear on any city attorney .
if the city attorney moves forward , adapt will likely flood courtrooms in lindsay - flanigan and the mayor 's office .
the legal grounds you should have learned in elementary school civics is the first amendment right to petition government and to peaceably assemble .
also , if there are any adverse medical consequences to these political prisoners , david lane will shame the city into paying through the nose .
adapt is courageous and they know how to get " hit by a pitch " .
the last time adapt got really angry they shut down denver commuting and the denver police had the decency to not lay a hand on them .
history repeats , first as tragedy , then as farce .
-- hegel
i 'm a guy who likes women .
in general i prefer women who present feminine , so alternative style may turn me off .
as fair as hair color goes : it depends !
i 've seen a lot of women color their hair in a way that just is n't flattering given the color & style .
i 've also seen women color their hair in a way that 's wonderful and attractive .
i think the main difference is the degree of care going into the hair in question ; the colored hair i find attractive seems healthy and full even if it 's been colored .
to me , a faggot is anyone i make suck my dick .
i 'd fuck my mother but she has stds 
 does that make me a volcel ?
< user > so your convenience is more important than free expression that something queers and bimbos think
god , imagine making an account just to shit post this .
go back to 4chan or the incel subs where you belong .
we might all be dirty hoes and sluts but i 'm still betting none of us would touch you with a 10 foot barge pole .
that 's probably why you 're such a sad creep .
way to go uh great win enjoy the victory most all commenters are happy except pacific sports and allie here they come people get ready .
gay scrotum fly away and toms a nonce
this is the belief of muslims .
and this is our message to every enemy of islam .
# لبیک_غزوہ_ہند url
may allah give everyone more braincells
you never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have . #
fairmediareportingforjadine
i like facts too robin .
us fbi statistics put rape per 100,000 pop at a national rate of 23.1 old definition and 39.8 with their revised definition in 2013 .
if you look at facts and are honest you can clearly see that most men do n't rape .
as crimes go it is actually fairly rare .
on the other hand , depending on the study , 85 ℅ of male youths in custody come from single mother homes .
for incarcerated men it is around 60 ℅ .
not only can enormous amounts criminality be traced to single motherhood but also every social problem we have statistics for ... drug abuse , truancy , suicide to name a few .
some of the worst social deviants come from single mothers ... eliot rodgers , marc lepine , ted bundy ... to name a few .
let me suggest you take your own advice robin .
women need to step up and stop turning their progeny into predatory monsters that go on to murder , rape and kill women .
only when women focus on the source of the social ills , themselves , will the rest of you stop being victimized
< user > lmao actually i take that back it depends on how much i like the person 🥴 but even then sucking dick is ghetto
why are you afraid of science ?
science gives us a rational explanation of the interrelationships in god 's creation .
evolution shows us how changes to species and our universehave occurred over time .
we can and should also see and understand our changing nature and being using science .
it helps us see god 's activity over time and expand our perspective into the multi dimensions that is part of god 's ongoing plan .
my best friend constantly whines about how i got the ghetto booty and the white skin and some how she got the white ass and the dark skin we are an amusing pair
in what dictionary is the definition of a crime mutually exclusive to actions where there is a victim ?
a crime is an act that violates a law .
full stop , no comma , no exceptions or caveats .
yes it does show he believes it is ok since only a small number if cities see muzrat terror and anyone that would say that is conveying his approval of it else he d convey outrage and a commitment fight it it us a value judgement that even encourages the problem
actually , with many transgenders , neither science nor evolution said that they were a woman / man .
many of them do not have xy chromosomes .
instead , they have xxxy , xxxx , xxxxxy , xxxxxx , etc .
iow , they have genetic abnormalities that play with not only their sex organs , but their minds as well .
it is from this that we get hermaphrodites .
in addition , you will find ppl that have ovaries and penis , amongst other interesting issues such as 2 vagina , or 2 penis .
for these ppl , their minds can really be having a difficult time reconciling what to do , esp , with our culture .
foreign did you note the shitskins with work visas censoring white americans republicans that just the shit workers ads sponsors and the use of secret filters oh boy election meddling and then some
" @officialdariona chantel , always says this dai .
we 'll be in practice and all you 'll hear is " " living my life like it 's golden " " "
23 years old and i want a fake id for the fuq of it .
someone dm me their plug number i want a south carolina id
why are all of you still dying of bombings ?
just use blast protection iv
if you travel or are a permanent resident in a foreign country and gave birth there in order to get a resident visa ... that is how it is in the uae .
president trump invited blm and black caucus to the white house to discuss funding poor democratic inner city ghetto black children schools trade schools rebuilding neighborhoods safer neighborhoods blm and black caucus said no we will not go to white house said we do not care about poor ghetto blacks
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > yea do you think any of those guys know what race is 😂 😂 😂 you are projecting your obsession with white people onto others
before beginning the military service in the israeli army , twelve israeli teenagers who went on a holiday in cyprus and gang - raped a 19 year old british woman , have been arrested .
url
a bit rich for a religious leader in the region of catholic italy to be wagging his finger at leaders to get people good jobs .
the greater problem for italy is that their men appear at about age 50 , being little spoiled mommy - boys before that , living at their mommy 's home and sucking on nourishment there like a plump little infant right throught their 30s and even 40s .
if italian boy - children aged 29 and 37 spent more time doing entrepreneurial activities and less leaching off their mommies , the good pope would be surrounded by industry .
< user > < user > could it be possible to sound more like a faggot
i feel like no one studies history anymore .
😢 do you know why are navy was created ?
i know it happened 200 years ago but it still matters today .
america 's was constantly being attacked by muslims .
seriously america has been fighting against the islamic regime since our independence .
before that europe sent the christian crusaders to fight the muslims killings .
it 's been a cancer on earth for over 1400 years .
no other religion in the world calls for others to die or be killed simply for being a non believer except the muslims religion .
486:521 thou coward , art thou bragging to the stars , telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars , # amndbots
it 's a mess .
you must feel horrible .
you 're lost everything : your father , your tribe , your best friend .
we all have mementos or photographs that symbolize someone we respect , someone we love and perhaps someone who deserves our remembrance .
there are flags and symbols that represent hate , violence , disrespect or intolerance for others .
in fact , there were flags earlier in the history of america that represented such inappropriate beliefs .
our american flag , as it stands now , has nothing to do with disrespect for any race .
i pay our flag respect because it symbolizes my respect for all of the blacks , whites , and individuals of every race who have defended me and you so that we can live the wonderful ( maybe not perfect ) lives we have .
when i see symbols of the kkk or other such stupidity i think of the wrongs done to blacks and others and it makes me seethe in anger .
the players are simply using the wrong symbol and wrong venue to demonstrate their unhappiness .
i am hurt and confused by their behavior and it demonstrates their misunderstanding of historical context .
actually elmer is better looking and has nicer hair .
sad when our courts can nullify the will of the people when it is going against the constitution .
woy 's face was a picture at the end of that uruguay game .
dominos ' build your pasta bread bowl is the fucking & # 128016; ❗ ️where tf have i been ? ? & #
128553 ;
i have tall guy privilege ... but i ' m always banging my head on the shower ceiling .
happy pride month everybody !
did you know that we 're having a little competition to see who can write the best self post about men 's issues through an lgbtq+ lens ?
we 're even giving out reddit gold as a prize .
see [ this post](url for more details . *
i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically .
please [ contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message / compose/?to=/r / menslib ) if you have any questions or concerns . *
then man up boy .
in fact you are a cry baby 🤧 .
your sick fuck number one i do not and never stick shit up my ass that all you freaks lmfao your funny gay nazis whitesupreamist
march of the lesbians
hey gays does anyone wanna be penpals on this app called slowly xo hmu for my i d and we can send virtual letters pls i am so bored
i am calling for the revoke of citizenship and deportation of the moron and anti - american named alexandria ocasio - cortex .
why did n't her parents have an abortion ?
she supports it !
that would have saved us a lot of b.s. ice ice baby !
deport the hell out of all 60 million of them !
now playing on dnaradio lil duval ft ball greezy snoop dogg smile bitch powerboy intro edit acapella intro clean
i am just going to assume that you suffer from some form of down syndrome
i hope your enjoying my hand because that 's the only pleasure your tiny cock is gon na get !
i 'm gon na fuck your ass so much you 'll be puking cum !
i 'm gon na make you look pregnant !
url
oh .... definitely .
a girl who is * trying * is 10 times more attractive .
also , high school boys are basically walking boners .
hah a big lol to all the tacky faggots
but i callin out da race card .
ai n't no colored podcasts out dare
this is n't about transgenderism specifically , but i think it 's helpful for understanding how we as christians are to interact with the old testament law : part 1 : url part 2 : url
the government should reimplement the visa requirement for mexico immediately .
you fags are so insufferable sometimes makes me want to convert to alt - rightism
public hanging short drop let the sand nigger twist in the breeze
< user > < user > yet to see any of the refugees welcome crew take one so called refugee in that shows how much they actually care
i wish there were more leftists here to argue with conservatives are fun for a while but after a time all you hear is a cacophony of muh based blacks meskins asians queers they are all merican
my question is what kind of " man " is he who would still enjoy sex with op if she was miserable or unwilling ?
this guy sounds like a closeted pig who stumbled onto an incel forum .
it was a culture of drunken violence and neglect the white man was trying to save the kids from .
still do .
stay ready so you do n't have to get ready ! ! ! !
work hard all off - season so you can ball out in the fall …
< user > choke on this civil war tweet author < user > same guy who said right on target when white supremacist trump on mlk day called haiti and african countries shithole countries
that what my old man did he was one of those assholes that liked to fight lol knowing how to fight may not save you from a gun or nigger pack attack but it let us you go thru school without worrying about being sum1 bitch
christian 's do nt shoot up your office when you make a comic making fun of jesus
blow these niggas out
the soul of our nation is fractured and has been fractured for a long time .
can we put aside race , sex , religion or wealth ?
can we please realize that we are all living human beings that deserve each other 's respect .
we do n't have to unconditionally love one another
the view from the other side , as a white male : 

 my mother 's father was ukrainian , her last name is constantly mispronounced , everyone gets it wrong .
for me , people think i am chinese because of my first name , and often use my family name as my given name , chinese people in particular seem to think i am chinese .
my name is actually an old english name that happens to also be a common family name in chinese .
it 's annoying , often i just do n't correct people , but i do n't worry that everyone is a racist out to get me .
jerks come in all shapes , sizes and colours , and from all kinds of different backgrounds , religions and cultures .
it 's not because you 're black , its because they 're a jerk .
those white republicans just ca n't stand anything good that a black man does .
there nothing but scumbags who arrive in the uk and expect everything for free < number > of them do nt work < number > of the rapes carried out on british children are carried out by pakistani muslim men it must stop now britain first fighting back ocs
not sure if you 've looked at a map recently , but you do realize that most of the country is uninhabitable do n't you ?
it is excellent news that aleppo is free again .
no more radical so called moderate , rebels to terrorize the citizens ... too bad that all main stream media are defending radicals islamist there as poor little democracy fighters , instead of showing the real picture, .... see on you tube, .... citizens are celebrating the victory of syrian army .
those are quotes directly from anti white semites so shove your fucking anti semitism up your faggot ass
his point is that , while he lives in freedom under the protection of american military might , he feels free to mock and criticize the infrastructure the united states has established around the world to provide that protection at no cost to him .
pee pee tapes
< user > honey they are the ghetto of all of gary 💀
the alt right is corrupted with people supporting racemixing with asians and homosexuals it time for a new nationalism
so far this year the left has opposed free speech called for violence against political enemies and opposes due process for boys on college campuses somehow that does not strike me as anti fascist
any man threatened by any of these suggestions needs to take a long long at himself .
if your manhood is threatened by a guy wearing pink or getting a manicure , then you are n't so " manly " .
well for one , we 'll stop locking up our brothers and sisters of color who are disproportionately jailed for non - violent , simple possession of pot . (
which is a plant , btw )
# webduniacheck aap mla pankaj pushkar was allegedly thrashed by locals during raid at ration shops .
url
" new research corroborates what black women have long known : people across gender and race see black girls as more adultlike than their white peers . . . .
being seen as grown comes with consequences . . . "
-@tressiemcphd , " black girlhood , interrupted " # thickthebook url
" rt @unlink _ : alias fucking=""sudo " " fucking rm -rf / "
off topic sjw 's try to convice a man that he should accept being lied to by a transgender " women " who still has a penis " because " you liked " her " before , but now she has a penis , so you should try " i disagreed .
funny , you do n't seem like a rogue catholic to me .
the church is filled with men who hate feminists and minorities and love blotus .
dr. ravi prakash from @khpt_blr explains how the samata intervention to reduce # childmarriage in india targeted girls , boys , communities , and schools to change norms linked to girls ' education .
url
a thought : if prostitution is the last job any woman would take when given no other options , then most men wo n't even have that last option available to them .
ca n't nobody ever say they seen me fucked up out here
if rule of law still existed we would not have illegal immigrants screeching insults at us on the television knowing they are untouchable brimelow
@manuclearbomb so , do they think the only interaction they can have with woman is the bonezone ?
also , having dinner = a date ?
i ca n't ...
end of the financial year is approaching and work can not be anymore busy .
oh and the bonus scheme completion date is also approaching & # 128293;&#128293;&#128293;&#128293 ;
watching queer as folk in my late teens and early 2 0 i wanna move to toronto and party all the damn time rewatching queer as folk in my late 2 0 and early 3 0 i want to settle the fuck down and live a blissful domestic life jfc
good luck collecting mate the arabs do not play the guilt game the way we whites do
i want to die i 'm an annoying bitch who deserves death
@rhodadavids fuck education they need castration
what do you call it when a tranny gets mangled in a car crash ?
a gender bender !
why does using google maps to walk 5 mins have to be the worst most ghetto experience ever
honestly , this article was pretty great .
she covers a lot of ground asian men have been trying to hard to get out in the mainstream but have been unable to .
.
trump 's positioning of himself as putin 's poodle will make trouble for his nominee for secretary of state , rex tillerson .
if he continues to deny that putin ordered a campaign of interference to favour trump in the recent election , the republican senators , with the assistance of the democrats , my very well throw tillerson under the bus .
what does putin have on trump ?
photos ?
info on trump 's bank loans from putin 's oligarchs ?
and where are trump 's tax returns ?
trump 's troubles are just starting .
.
dude my thesis class is on transhumanism and i 'm so fucking stoked .
< user > when referencing mass murders by neo nazis kk white supremacists i humbly request include churches synagogues mosques and gurdwaras < date > oakcreek wi < number > sikh americans also experience more hate crimes since < date > violence
have to agree with most of the comments here , i am a white male and i am primarily attracted to white females .
however , i have been attracted to women of all races at some point .
one of my fond memories of being with a women is with a girl from a different race !
this slutty cunt has my horny cock raging .
want force her to her knees , pin her against a wall and shove my pulsating erection into her warm wet mouth , fuck relentlessly til i give her a hot salty throatpie .
it 's pathetic that it took the shooting of a little girl in the head to get the us to pay attention to the mdgs it promised to the un ...
i have no sympathy for male feminists being victimized by metoo nor for women who lose out on hypergamy success because of it backlash for years feminists male and otherwise have called men heartless and sexist now men are becoming heartless to whiny bitches carefulwhatuwish4 lyingbitches
i was surprised they were showing respect to a white man ... then i learned he was gay .
that makes more sense .
no idea what in the hell this one is for or about but said ad is dysfunctional on top of miscegenational epsilon level < number > eyed pansy male white woman mystery meat urkel kid perhaps a sambo girl adopted why would anyone but a racially sick person adopt black africa finest pathetic wn
big boory hoes for jinyoung and big tiddies hoes for jaebeom
anyone want to online dominate me then dm tranny tgirl sissy gay slave exposed
destroy photoaparat have picture neihhbors in grape < number > < number > is full of garlic and onion like horror films
pride is for all who support it .
queer , straight , trans , cis .
never understood why you hoes ca n't never mind they own business 🥴
the amount of normies in this sub is too damn high 
 1200 users viewing 

 mode pls make it private
lets see ... angry white men founded this country .
certainly you have no problem with that .
if so , you are free to move to a muslim country where i 'm sure your voice will be tolerated .
just realized there 's no httt on tonight 's setlist .
when has that ever happened ... 2 amnesiacs but no the gloaming .
strange . #
radioheadmiami
and will do it again like nigga backwards
< user > < user > mr jihadi rapist of < number > year old and protector mass killer osama hiw do you do
hahahaha 🙃 not my fault that you forgot my birthday 🙂 i hate you
guess which one is outselling the other 5 to 1 .
to agin the hinterland .
technically , yes , man is part of nature .
we are an evolved biological species that linnaeus placed in the animal kingdom .
there the comparison stops .
actually , we are a despicable disgrace to nature .
while we evolved with the ability to transform natural resources into products for our own living comfort , we have [ ab]used that capability to harvest and consume those natural resources far beyond a sustainable level – at the expense of not only others of our species , but all other species as well .
while we evolved with the ability to rationalize and reason , we have [ ab]used that ability to connive , cajole , lie , cheat , and steal our way to the top – at the expense of not only others of our species , but all other species as well .
we transform the land with fertilizers and herbicides and pesticides that pollute the land , air , and water on which all life – including our own – depends .
your vitriol opened the bidding on this thread ; apparently you want to dish it out but ca n't take it !
men are diseased url
then there was the time i was walking to school with my buddies and we were playing ' ice - breaker ' in the frozen ditches .
it was my turn to take the lead , but hit a patch of ice that did not want to break .
forward momentum took me down face first on the ice ( which then uncharitably decided to break ) .
i was soaked from head to foot .
i went back home to change and my mother was preparing to give me a quick lesson on safety with the hairbrush when my uncle ( her brother ) on visit from england intervened and pleaded on my behalf .
i got off with a stern and loud lecture , along with a conditional glare that said , wait until next time .
i learned that ice is only your friend when wearing skates ( or in a drink in summer ) and , 2 ) always have allies when facing the enemy .
reddit finds sexual abuse of a drunk , nonconsenting guy outstanding and the abuser is a hilarious person ( but the abuser must reward with sex )
> a nasty comment yes .
but how is it overt racism ?
o know exactly how that 's racist .
well we do not live in such a society and no your car should not be able to fucking stop working if it hears you use a racial slur that retarded
welcome to the communist dictatorship called the trudeau government !
and you people called us crazy when we tried to warn you about this during the election !
fuck mohamed and fuck sand niggers like you
these women are forced to hide by backward muslim men who wilt at the threat of a woman showing some skin .
they are the ones who need to hide from society , not their women .
lggbdttibraappabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz now i know my lggbdttibraapps next time will not you gay with me
go suck a nigger dick fake ass moonman
if we should treat trans men like real women ... then we should be able to hunt furries !
edit : meant to say trans women
i 'm not a misandrist but men have crybaby meltdowns in record time when you challenge them on their bullshit why so irrational
i am confused how a president blocked stimulus checks for those who married to immigrants while he himself married to an immigrant
did you not watch the rnc ?
the runner - up got on stage in front of everyone and threw the nominee under the bus ( and his speach leaked before hand ) and the potential first lady lifted a serious chunk of her speach from the very person she was suppose to be condemning .
the biggest story out of the week with respect to the long run is ailes resignation .
what a pig .
both candidates are awful .
yeah , apologise like the weak fucking cuck you are
at birth , male babies should be screened to see if they have a positive or negative canthal tilt 
 if negative , it should be law to kill it on the spot since that kid will never live a happy life .
men lack such self - awareness @3umarzf women are so complicated . #
notsexist
rangermc , if you want to protect the us constitution from foreign and domestic enemies , you should be taking action against a person who is spreading racism , trying to reduce the authority of the court system , and trying to destroy the free press .
and that 's just for starters .
of course , that person is donald trump .
when my crush does n't comment on my pictures : url
the child is four years old .
he probably did not comprehend the danger he was putting himself in .
it is sad that the zoo could n't find a better solution than to shoot the gorilla .
the child 's parents could have taken precautions to keep their child safe including a leash that is designed for children .
everyday i i 'm thankful for chubby white women
oh look , a 12 - year - old who still tries to use " gay " as an insult 😂
i am suggesting that those who leave the catholic church may yet be saved .
if someone was abused as a child by a priest , and the institutional church did nothing , then one might well feel compelled to leave a " christian " church that is not being christian .
my brother was hounded from the church by " christians " who refused to accept him as a gay man .
i loathe the endemic sexism that you support , trid .
many " catholic christians " supported trump , a philandering liar .
heck , give me reasons why i should stay in a " christian " church that turns its back on christianity .
need a fat white bitch ay can i getcho numba come pay my rent ho
these bitches fuck who win that ’ why i always win the streets took my dawg in turned me into a man
trump has no use for immigrants but dictators are fine wow
i see you know how to spell science .
that 's a good start .
still some work on your basics however , luddite is typically capitalized .
hoes gon be hoes so i could not blame 🤧
nut all on that lul bitch nose then give that hoe sum baby wipes 🧻
dear little tan girl .
just happened on to your insignificant little page with your silly little internalizing .
why do n't you go for a walk , come back and look in the mirror and see if you like yourself any better .
url
no man would ever be praised for having balls of steel for doing this to a woman .
what the actual fuck this is the katy perry american idol situation all the fuck over again and the bitches are gon na praise it cause she s got a pussypass .
​ fuck this insane america right now man .
big fuckin deal both papa johns and the nfl are absolute shit for bugmen get a real friggin pizza and stop watching niggers play with their balls
my mama told me it wrong to hate people so i just want you all to know i do not hate jews niggers faggots dykes fat bitch feminest cucks ragheads or illegals but i really really really fucking dislike them they should all die of ghoneria and rot in hell
looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
how about mandatory quotas ?
educational entities required to hire only conservatives until there is balance with the number of liberals on the payroll .
hey , it worked so well when liberals were touting that solution to gender and race ........... 

 i mean , how could they possibly object ?
with all the violence at uc berkeley i kinda wonder why the uc police have not started shooting people yet also i wonder how many millions of breitbart is gon na sue for and i wonder if trump will cut their funding over this
“ i ’m sorry ” and “ i apologize ” mean the same thing except at a funeral .
the investigation will continue .
build an immigrant ghetto next to his retirement residence
niggas really sending packages to my house for my birthday and idek who sending em
i 'm pretty sure frogs stopped producing semen after 9/11 made them all gay
paul watson is neither an environmentalist or a conservationist .
his work has consisted of staging dangerous publicity stunts which endanger innocent people and which he then uses to raise money from the gullible .
lol you think some dumb sand nigger is gon na know the difference between whites and jews like ben shapiro when they are killing off the last whites
you don ’ t never fuck yo niggas bitch n you don ’ t never sneak around him
< user > although the mujahideen do not have airplanes nuclear bombs or chemical weapons but they have just islam
the reason god made women for easily manipulated is so everybody could get laid
youtube - mayor of boston sends welcome to gay / transgender youth event kids attend prom from ' sexual hell ' you wo n't believe how children as young as 12 years old partied family advocates are outraged by a prom held at boston city hall that was open to children apparently as young as 12 featuring crossdressers , homosexual heavy petting , suspected drug use and a leather - clad doorman who teaches sexual bondage classes .
why are all non - binary people biologically female ?
i have n't encountered a single non - binary male so far .
they 've got you right where they want you , mr. johnson .
black .
white .
us .
them .
male .
female .
president .
schoolyard bully .
some of the " i - know - you - are - but - what - what - am - i " posts on this thread are really showing us who we are today , huh kids ?
me .
i 'm with whoever is n't belittling males for possessing a less - than - towering physical stature , and i 'm standing with the guy who called the leader of the free world a moron .
we do n't need to grow a pair .
we just need to grow up .
hahaha bitch like what ?
sucking dicks every night ?
idea for europe send refugees to caribbean to help rebuild hurricane irma damaged islands let them show how compassionate they can be thousands of miles away
qatar has the death penalty for homosexual activity but at the same time there are no recorded cases of executions for it which pretty much exemplifies the state of law in the middle east in theory everything is prohibited in reality most things are not
what do you call the collusion between md 's and big pharma ?
what a wonderful article !
this is great news , old people should be deprived of intimacy .
now if only people would be this supportive of younger love .
wish i could breathe through my nose , but i ca n't use nasal spray anymore because i got addicted again and now i 'm dealing with the rebound
the priest at the wedding takes an opportunity to promote africa passes out a basket for the poor zulus that can not farm a basic flower pot
in future , i need to just block or mute any convos that involve drawing lines between " cis lesbian " and " trans man "
i was very deflated the 1st day of # pridemonth but since then , all i find on here is # lgbtq , their family , friends & allies drowning out all the hate .
whether you 're replying to the trolls , posting supportive / celebratory tweets or rting those , i want to thank you ❤ # lovewins 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 url
< user > barack hussein obama the first muslim president of the usa is almost gone this will end soon
remember : when # god is in your mission , destinations come to fruition .
stay # encouraged . #
god bless you
" so interesting to see ' progressive ' democrat congresswomen , who originally came from countries whose governments are a complete and total catastrophe , the worst , most corrupt and inept anywhere in the world ( if they even have a functioning government at all ) , now loudly and viciously telling the people of the united states , the greatest and most powerful nation on earth , how our government is to be run . "
more : trump tells congresswomen to ' go back ' to the ' crime infested places from which they came ' . "
how on earth is this racist ? !
how u look like this and ur transphobic ..... ugly , blind , dumb and transphobic .
pick a struggle .
while ur at it get an eye lift , a forehead reduction , botox , braces , and grow some eyebrows .
stupid thot .
url
imagine , this man will be leading the conservative party of canada in the next election .
what a joke ...
< user > the fuck is a refugee drama romance and why is a white woman with rabid teeth in it
start reporting the nationalities of illegal immigrant murderers rapists and frame headlines as national assaults honduran rapes california woman mexican man shoots two in botched robbery illegal immigrant implies they belong or will stay when paperwork is figured out they will not
the team of gillberg and adam rose defeats bray wyatt via the phoenix splash in a mud bath at the royal rumble
" useless piece of gay shit " would match better .
striaght out da mud nigga ca n't fuck with fuck nigga
ummmm ..... rivers do n't have dead ends .
just sayin ' .
please , i beg of you , stop printing anything about sarah palin , especially with the word ' star ' in the sentence .
unless you change ' star ' to black hole .....
look who introduced theresa may to phillip may always a connection as to why paki muslims have raped with impunity g4s protects the grooming gangs that why tommy robinson has been imprisoned always a link
do n't tell me what to do you fucking faggot .
you fucking hentai - deprived overhydrated bastard faggot .
we are awake not woke let not butcher the english language we are not peasants or ghetto
bannon and trump must have just decided ... 
 " hey let 's really mess with matt drudge ... "
i 'll take that bet .
$ 20 ?
lol , like i 'd ever see it from a lib .
niggas be so dehydrated if i wanted my pussy ate everyday for the rest of this year it would happen
werner herzog voice the goose is our animalistic self taking retribution on our consciousness for the extreme violence it is complicit in committing to the natural world
< user > lmao nah she retarded
dominos ' build your pasta bread bowl is the fucking & # 128016; ❗ ️where tf have i been ? ? & #
128553 ;
" " " trig identities fucked me in the ass without lube " " - @smmooth_jazz xx "
go back amit shah bengal welcomes you the shiver youhad instilled in the illegal immigrants is the reason for these guys to prick on their pants
if it makes you feel better i 'm a straight guy 100 % but i can still appreciate a good - looking dude .
don ’ t you hate when you accidentally fall for her so ghetto
the job of a worship leader is to call people to worship , then guide them in declaring the news that he is king .
the incident orlando left everyone crying besides the parents of the victims .
before trump stopped it how many faggots enlisted to have mil pay to chop their peckers off enquiring minds wanna know
question?? ...... since when should   celibate men tell men and women what to do with their sex lives . , ..
only a doctor should handle this issue .... pumping out children to fill the pews in the church is not 
 a celibates   roll .... , married couple consult with their doctor about their sex life .... , condoms are not 
 forbidden .... show me where it says in cannon law that condoms can not be used ? .
i never saw this in my studies in rome, ... celibate priests telling married couples what to do with condoms or   is none of their business ... it is a doctors ... dncrowley
you see man this is the situation in south africa , the black people hate the white people and will only attack them from behind , just like the farm murders .
take them at their weak points and have no respect for the whites , that 's only the truth people
@techconnectify eugenics is a hell of a drug
faith is the pathway to truth for everyone , what the faith is placed in differs .
i have faith in jesus , others mohammed , still others only what they see .
muslim families who pray together stay together .
the operative word is ' family ' .
islam is releasing it 's ' population bomb ' on the western world where western women are liberated from childbearing with the pill .... whereas muslims are procreating prodigiously .
the outcome is obvious .
women want to be ' equal ' to men .... and men can not bear children .... so that 's the feminist objective .... termination and extinction .
not to mention that ryan had the benefit of social security benefits that he now wants to cut for others .
the man is disgusting .
@azaadpunter @thewire_in @bjp4india that 's because they always tried to run their own parallel system like education in madrasah , own personal law board , got haj subsidy and many more so what else do u expect when u r educated in madarshah where all they teach is all the non believers in islam r kafir
@howroute this is exactly how it starts .
potus empowers the rest of the racists around the country to start being rude to people of color .
how many fights , shootings , and deaths are going to be attributed to this irresponsible , moronic , rant .
you are right louis , we need to impeach those 4 congress women that are racist , comunist that want to see this country go to the leftist nazi 's like the muslums ideology is .. .
remember islam fought a long side the nazi 's as they have the same ideology .. down with women , down with gays , down with blacks , down with jews and christians , and down with any other person who will not pay .
gerb . (
ms ) or convert to islam .. this is what is in their final words of the quran .. even for the so called peaceful muslums .
why do you think all the arabs want that piece of sand now when they could not be bothered with it before
the only thing worse than a stupid black person is a stupid white person i am neither black nor stupid
video center - kold news 13 ^ ^ ^ click link for video .
here 's what the vekol valley looks like , south of interstate 8 , 10 - miles west of where hwy 84 intersects .
there needs to be a negative term for a man that has sex with many women 
 " player " is a positive term 

 " slut " is a negative term but its only used for women 

 what s a negative term that can be used for men ?
nah i know baron always looks mad but baron looks soooo pissed kdjdkd
guys adding a footnote here .
do n't be racist , i love all people 's especially blacks and hispanics some of my best experiences in life are because of black friends , and relationships i 've had .
gee cair and all the muslims did n't come forward to decry this man with their vision of peace in islam .
phonies .
url
it 's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate ... more for pisces https://t.co/ihrnqk4c4h
dirty little bitch .. i need to punish you with my cock in your ass !
cleared construction international pkwy tx < number > alt westbound tx < number > grapevine mills pky grapevine various lns blocked
very faggot ass " take " .
that ho is gobbling cock . "
taking advantage " because i woman could never just absolutely gobble cock and be responsible for the gobblin .
poor damsel .
someone should save this fair maiden from throwin that mf neck like got dayum ! ! !
+ ross ion coyle the swing at minorities is his entire point
venezuela ecuador are democracy that is why if you win the ghetto there you win the country venezuela is also a true socialist democracy that is now arming up their supporters with firearms confiscated from everyone else another failed socialist experiment republic or death end globalism
men bitch more than girls do 🤕
in real life ... 

 with all due respect ... # scaramucci looked a bit like a pornstar from the nineties 😂
if men are allowed to wear dresses why am i not allowed to say they are men ?
thanks sean for helping that was horrible and i do n't feel i or you overreacted i have never hit anyone before in my life and am 42 years old by the way to whom thinks i was being too harsh it was a horrible thing for him to hit that woman like that i hope someone would have reacted like that if it was my mom or sister or any woman
i bet the nigger did nt have a green card
fuck you i 'm a grown ass man who has seen more shit than , again , 99 % of you fucking privileged incel fucks .
get out of here .
our world is ending and you will burn in hell .
need a fat white bitch ay can i getcho numba come pay my rent ho
go and take your injections of estrogen now , retard u / sorrymisunderstandin
17 jan 2017 washington post : " near the end of the hearing , sen. maggie hassan ( d - n.h. ) returned to the issue , telling devos that idea is a federal civil rights law and noting that federal law must be followed .
she asked devos if she stood by her statement that it was up to the states to follow it , and devos responded , “ federal law must be followed where federal dollars are in play . ”
hassan asked , “ so were you unaware when i just asked you about the idea that it was a federal law ? ”
devos responded , “ i may have confused it . ”
pretty and ghetto the type of bitch that won ’ t even say hello 👋
haha , upon further inspection a grown man that plays a car soccer game has decided to talk shit .
how about you stay in your lane in fantasy land and keep trading your " low tier items " that match that low iq of yours .
fucking faggot .
the " kids " of daca have to be at least 15 and either enrolled in school or have a high school diploma , ged , or honorable discharge from the military .
such a trashy little faggot
interesting way of removing bullets fam ! ! !
abby got that shit done & # 128514;&#128514 ; # fingersandthumbs # scandal # tgit
the truth is a lot of women refuse to leave cheaters because trying to be everything to a man is an ego trip and any deviation from that drives y' all mad when none of that is healthy to begin with
the editors here -- like most of us -- don't see the distinction between a tree farm and a forest , apparently .
that 's a real problem , given where we live .
in any case , the cafferatas ' work exceeds what the term " tree farm " denotes , which is ironic because the story concerns an award they won from the oregon tree farm association !
given their concern for wildlife and biodiversity , the cafferatas seem much more concerned with restoring actual forests than they do with planting trees for harvest .
it would be great if " forest management " in general looked more like the cafferata 's work and less like the monoculture farming favored by mr. cafferata 's former employer , weyerhaeuser .
thinks about how angela put a recently revived genji in that outfit that blatantly exposes his chest and arms
yes but they let them out to rape again and again can we please put the raped child first and foremost and all children before the criminal what does it matter about the paedophile lock him up for ever because he will rape again and again and again
what is black and sticks to a tree ?
a peeping tom after a forest fire
this was all soft - ball , i have spent many months in the us , they have no ax to grind against canada .
when they do think of canada which is rare , its like we are first cousins and canada is a great friendly country to visit .
while no fan of the justin , the planing and ground work paid off   and it played out well .
so , we will have overt , systemic discrimination introduced by the federal government against white males , favouritism for females of any colour , and no new money .
all the researchers who blindly welcomed this government in are waking up to the ugly hangover that they were duped .
mr. trudeau pledged an innovation budget but provided zero new dollars for the universities that produce innovation .
now duncan cherrypicks the most questionable aspects of the naylor report as her targets .
canada will far farther and father behind its global competitors .
mr. trudeau 's election will become a day all scientists will rue .
" @silverfoxgranny : # saudiarabia saudi arabia are nothing but mouth pieces , bullies , cowards .
they have the money , but no guts "
i got into this song today .
a part of me thinks i like it just because it pisses off the country homophobes and racists .
what the fuck you fake ass bitch
there ~might~ be some value in being able to keep your biological sex private , however most women can not really do that .
and that is the basis of feminism - that women are treated as lesser because of a biological sex that we can not always hide - we are smaller , our secondary sex characteristics are more obvious , and when we are with child , we are vulnerable and it is usually fairly apparent .
ok so no politics is probably a racist .
the players are not just entertainers they are people and people in this country are concerned about the corruption of police and justice dept .
i am concerned .
i do n't want to get killed just because i have a broken tail light .
i was in the us navy for eight years protecting your freedom but i fear for my life with police and the justice system .
we have no rights when police kill us for not breaking the law .
an honest moslem
america has a responsibility to promote compassion and democracy around the world through assistance to vulnerable and displaced people .
eliminating refugee admittance is not what our nation should be known for .
i hope he ends up being raped legally and then in prison raped for real
" @yelyahwilliams @pmore_source the word " " fatties " " makes me cringe in that tweet ... still love ya though ! "
i did not mention genitalia obviously you are obsessed with nigger dick get help
< user > search the catholic church too they are a money grubbing organization sponsoring the refugee invasion
just two of eight first round matchups are set entering the final weekend of the regular season : mtl vs. nyr and pit vs. cbj . #
stanleycup
debra anderson chair of act for america minnesota chapter said she has been trying for four years without success to get minnesota sheriffs to train their departments to better prepare and deal with sharia related crime such as fgm honor violence and terrorism
the migrants : man , these americans are idiots .
ok let 's go get caught trying to cross the border .
fuck off homo fag
asian girls sees a chad ... 
 np.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/60q4vb/asian_girls_see_a_body_builder/ 

 suicide fuel right here .. chad privilege much ?
huh ?
psa : stop fucking calling every joke original “ eh meh , original asf , look at me i ’m so cool , dad can you give me attention now ? ”
< user > < user > jsjsjsj i mean you are saying you do not care about kim cause you do not care about pop but it not just pop it faggot pop with elements of techno and a big appreciation for poppers and being spooky which are things u care abt specially the spooks
yo , white people can be poor too .
i totally relate to everything in your comment .
i agree for the most part .
in the same breath as you , a woman doctor will earn more than a male garbage man .
the thing i do n't agree with is the some jobs where woman are discriminated and paid less .
why would there be any males at that job .
if i 'm an employer why would i want to pay any males period .
i do n't think it happens if it did , business is smart , there 'd be disproportionate amount of woman to man .
that would discriminate the males .
the patriotards who castigate us for saying the kikes need to be exterminated are too stupid to live in the real world when savage enemies are slaughtering your people only pathetic faggots wring their hands over the evil of killing them
bro fuck you if you had sex with a 14 year old girl i do n't care if that shit is legal fuck you
such hypocrisy from our liberal government .
perhaps this same logic needs to be applied to the ontario teachers that seem to get anything they want .
of course , the college execs wo n't stage a walk out ... and disrupt voters lives , and hence , liberal votes .
ole porky deb matthews ... the deputy of nothing .
i cover much of my face with a beard .
for me this is just a sartorial choice .
for male sikhs , it 's a religious obligation .
nobody 's ever challenged me .
if i chose to wear a veil , i expect i would get funny looks , but not problems with the police .
you are simply wrong .
the fetus was invited into the womans body in the only way scientifically possible in humanity .
with the addition of living male dna ( sperm ) that is definitely not the genetic material of the host ( woman ) itself .
where were you in sex ed class ?
refer to the definition of life .
" the condition that distinguishes organisms from inorganic objects and dead organisms , being manifested by growth through metabolism , reproduction , and the power of adaptation to environment through changes originating internally . "
the liver does not exhibit all the scientific requirements of something that is living .
it does not ever reproduce .
left to grow normally , the fetus does .
while i am a straight guy and am therefore attracted to women , it 's not a gender thing .
i just want to feel loved and wanted .
does n't matter what gender or sexuality i am , everyone wants this .
the bible was created , edited by a 3rd century pope starting with the jewish old testament as a base combining writings and oral claims from long dead apostles and the mythological savior .
the new testament is a compilation of the myths and miracles from the previous known religions , mostly from asia .
the monks and scribes tasked with the creation in text were the few literate individuals in the world .
the majority of populaces of the known world were illiterate .
the purpose of the creation was for a foundation to further the interests of the roman empire and gain more control of the populace .
nothing in it contains any divinity other than human - denoted .
invisible ruler is the perfect justification for the actions of the human agents to control the populace , i.e. , what the human says is law as handed down from the invisible one .
no evidence other than oral supports the existence of a jesus or a god .
the greatest scam perpetrated on the world .
all subsequent sects the same .
so tacky .
i 'm sure the average trump supporter will be clamoring to buy ivankas clothes which are made in china , but they probably ca n't afford them and more than likely ca n't fit into them .
it seems that what i wanted to convey the outstanding movie works has finally become the current standard .
imagine hitting servers still tho little retards
not only have friends and family had to move to afford to live ... my kids ca n't afford to return home to live after school on the mainland .
even moving in w / me is not an option w / the wages they could earn .
the broncos have been pretty entertaining this year , when your run game is successful its entertaining , not boring if they run a lot .
big running plays are just as exciting as big passing plays .
once siemian learns to step up in pocket instead of to back and side , especially in the red zone , the offense will score more points .
24 - 13ish game scores when the broncos win is not boring .
let 's see what they come up with out of the bye .
my wife 's cooking is so bad we usually pray after our food .
< user > i remember when it was great country cooking and a hillbilly country store now its just another commercial shops
this is the output you receive when promoting welfare , legalizing of drugs , promoting homelessness and so on .
do n't need to take my word for it .
reach out to what has happened to seattle and portland .
autistic gay   🤝 cishet white boy 's favourite insults
i 'm old enough to remember when doctors had ashtrays on their desks and would advise you to switch to a menthol brand until that cough clears up .
you said fake news faggot it clearly not whether it old has no bearing on niggers being niggers nine years or ninety they are still retarded af and that shit was hilarious
@abninefive @imbackmaybe faggots
" oh - did you know that just holding a gun was shown to increase testosterone and aggression in men ? "
really ?
cool ... i 'm 60 years old and could use some more testosterone .
getting old sucks !
americans will not back down if it comes to my grand daughter being raped by a muslim i would slit her throat may sound harsh i love her that much
they knighted that fag ?
for what ?
doggy < allcaps > licks < allcaps > q : why does a dog lick himself ?
a : he ca n't make a fist .
basically i am just gon na not october is a fucking busy month its a bad month to do this kinda shit how bout some ink challenges in like july
oh , i would never date a bisexual .
i 'd always worry they would cheat on me with a guy .
plus , they are n't seriously gay , they are just pretending to be because it 's ' hip . '
this is the trump effect .
he has outed the millions of jobs lost to china and is dong something about it .
what is jughead doing ?
sucking up and selling us out .
free trade with china = 1 million job losses 

 i 'm sure the public policy forum , which none of us can attend , ( that should tell you all you need to know btw ) has the khan / soros call centre in india hitting thumbs down today .
robots and china that is worth 5 million jobs lost
and i said i 'm a man of my word !
guess you 'll never be able to prove that since your the one that wimped and do n't take the bet !
unlike you i pay any bet or debt i have !
truth is you would n't win and you know it .
i 'll take you on anyyyyy day lil man anyyyy day .
if you forgot i said i know my odds ! ! !
you ca n't always call your shots fool .
i just proved that ! !
now go play with yourself   on that   video poker machine .
maybe someday you 'll really learn how to bet .... or better yet accept bets ! !
actually a source says having a bigger penis makes you more retarded
we need to bring in white sa farmers before they are all murdered nobody seems to care what are the dutch saying about this
the only place i can speak to first hand is paris .
i go relatively often , and there is n't one part of it that is unsafe to walk in by male or female , day or evening .
my last trip , some time after that fox news apology , i stayed in a hotel on the edge of one of the supposed ' no - go zones . '
no problem whatsoever .
those articles are alarmist crap , written by a professional anti - muslim propagandist , in one case .
yes , but i do think the australian church has turned the corner for the better , so to speak .
it is a wealthy church , heavily lay run ( with lots of lay visibility -- the prime minister is a catholic ) , with lots of resources ( educational and pastoral ) and is only 5 and a half million strong ( in a rich country of only 22 million people ) .
other less resourceful churches -- in less resourceful countries -- i worry about more than the australian church .
the australian bishops have been hit hard by the commission and i ca n't imagine them not going forward with its recommendations .
hopefully australia will go the route of canada which is doing rather well .
great job !
happy week to you from a heterosexual exmormon !
benjamin netanyahu will love trump .
they have likely met before because for years netanyahu worked the american media for the israeli government .
lived there .
tv shows like face the nation and meet the press .
many things like that are done in new york city - trump 's hometown .
large jewish community there .
i found netanyahu 's american accent to be obnoxious because he was n't american .
like a double - agent in a spy film .
as we stagger into disaster , i think americans will start thinking the same thing because of the the swagger in his step .
macho man .
i truly do n't think a lot of people know this , but israel borders syria - the land that has been savaged by its own leader and his opponents .
israel has has fought battle with syria itself and i fear it may dip its wick in that disaster - zone again .
and do n't forget the russians .
dirty , corrupt   russians .
and , the seemingly " do anything " donald trump .
disaster film - likely with some funny moments .
but a disaster .
after you strip off his makeup and clothes , biologically he 's still a man " . "
reminder that having asperger and being retarded or two entirely different things
as a transwoman i hope i get to be a girlfriend for the first time by next national gf day
it 's a mess .
you must feel horrible .
you 're lost everything : your father , your tribe , your best friend .
listen to this u hoe or i will slit ur throat url
please notice my lengthy thread showing just a small portion of the jobs available in this area .
fair enough , that is your choice .
yep , i guess i am one of those " old white men " ( about to be 50 ) that will easily challenge if the resulting , even current world has improved at all .
we just had a shooting on christmas day .
my old white friends did not teach the cowardly man to solve problems by shooting someone in the back of the head and then go run and hide like a coward .
just a few weeks ago , we had a drunken driver in waimanalo hit and kill a child in a crosswalk , in a stroller .
none of my old white friends , nor did trump , teach that young woman to drink and drive , and then run away like a coward when she plowed over someone .
a few months ago a woman deliberately ran over a guy on a motorcycle in order to solve her problem .
killed him and then she went and ran and hid like a coward too .
turns out she has a lengthy history of driving illegally .
the primary and most consistent thing missing from todays " new and improved " world , is any shred of personal responsibility for ones actions .
she looks so much better getting fucked in the ass
me : sees night in the woods in her computer . "
ah , i see you 're a woman of culture " .
< user > when i say niggas i mean dykes nd guys 🤣 so actually i did not
you 're in anger / disallusionment phase .
just keep going .
set your sights on meeting quality women and you will find them .
raise your smv .
ask yourself if you 're a fuckboy or a man .
raise smv further .
stop entertaining sluts .
psych professor why are white young females most likely to suffer from migraines me under my breath cause hoes mad
bisexual is a term that gay guys in high school use when they want to hold hands with girls and feel like a normal person for a change .
so much for negative stereotypes , huh ?
robert smith now creates a model in the black community for us to help each other regardless of circumstance to give back .
please take note michael jordan , oprah winfrey and others millionaires also included .
no idea what in the hell this one is for or about but said ad is dysfunctional on top of miscegenational epsilon level < number > eyed pansy male white woman mystery meat urkel kid perhaps a sambo girl adopted why would anyone but a racially sick person adopt black africa finest pathetic wn
swear these niggas some females now
on god men are a bunch of pussy ass bitches now .
yes , those acts are sinful and disgusting , except , perhaps , to the extent that they are helpful in leading to actual sexual intercourse .
what does " gay " mean ?
sexually attracted to the same sex , i.e. , homosexual .
not a very big leap to the bedroom from there .
same - sex attracted , oth , has no sexual connotation and could mean male bonding , platonic love , etc .....
will i get in trouble for saying nigger or towelhead here
you are going to get raped fed you and all the other siege niggers
< user > < user > lmao clueless marxists who think jews never convert to christianity total brainlets
< user > < user > < user > yes men commit male violence i actually would nt envy a lesbian being confonted with a penis for a number of reasons the fear of being raped or being beaten for turning down the trans woman being just one
get out of the basement you fucking incel loser
a new way to look at impeachment :   • a majority of men oppose impeaching trump . •
a majority of women support impeaching trump . •
a majority of white people oppose impeaching trump . •
a majority of people of color support impeaching trump .
url url
your the faggot with a fish tank .
your life must be pathetic as fuck
bitch it should be cold on easter so i could step out in my baddest outfit
i will x him out the fucking picture but you wo nt tell me his nammmmeee
i allways wanted a german friend .
i lived in berlin for a short while but never got to know any ethnic germans .
i am facinated by your culture .
i think people from germany are the most straight foward people as a collective
" trump did this to shut down the investigation . "
" trump sounds like he 's not being truthful . "
" trump fired comey for treating hillary wrongly . "
these are your " opinions " which are based on biased and flimsy information at best .
to arrive at your opinions takes a lot of psychic and mind reading abilities .
it 's fine to have opinions , but just do n't confuse them as facts .
< user > whatchu are < user > is a self hating homosexual who has to pay for your homosexual desires
what is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat ? (
read first no ban :() the root .
tiger out here looking garbage ! !
make me wanna try and get my pro card .
golf is not a sport .
its like chess .
all these guys have dad bods .
none look like any kind of a professional athlete .
black people need to play this sport from adolescent ages .
if so , none of these guys would exist ..... facts
given the extraordinary circumstance of the very high levels of treason committed by trump and company , they need to   impeach them all and send them to jail and they could bring back president obama as interim president to help repair the damage done by trump and his gang   of traitors   .
obama could step in to help til the next election .
its either that or watch america be ripped up and apart for some ones(trump and company ) own agenda   and pocket   and cost to all americans .
reed , oh goodness , i will disinter your righteous remains for a moment .
i regret that those men did not ask themselves : 
 1 ) is this really my battle ?
2 ) if this is , or i make this , my battle , do i have a plan , do i have the training , do i have the weapon ? ? ?
3 ) is my enemy concealing his capacity ?
these questions can be answered very quickly .
lastly , thanks ever so for your touching concern over my health .
my health is blessedly sound   and guarded by privately purchased private health insurance .
no one named reed is involved with its purchase or maintenance .
also , i dislike trump ,   his prussian pretense ,   and racist supremacy as much as i dislike your sanctimonious insolence .
nice !
as a bi couple , we thoroughly enjoy bi dad friends =)
muslims are pedophiles , communism will never work , trannies are sick in the head , democrats are the true racists , there is no such thing as rape culture in the western civilisation , feminists are women sexually frustrated .
black .
they said her mom was mixed and her dad was black .
her moms skin is white .
her dad had to be mixed too .
because if not , their daughter would have been darker than her mom .
that is exactly why taking an over simplistic view of the issue is a mistake no women do not run the world through sex and reproduction rights and yes men take the most dangerous jobs and deserve far more credit for it than they get true equality does not exist
niggas will say they do nt approve of gay people on tik tok live then come on here and say fat uwu life is crazy url
my chinese dissident friend says that if anything claiming that white people are uniquely evil is itself a form of white supremacy do not think only whites can destroy the world and han chinese people can not he says he absolutely right
and yet when trumpty - dumpty or rush ( " he just loves little black dominican boys ! " )
limbaugh say unpleasant things about black folks , that 's ok because it 's " freedom of expression . "
double - standard much ?
oh yeah , and this is what muhammad ' ali ( rah'matullahi alayhi ) said about frazier after their third fight : " i always bring out the best in the men i fight , but joe frazier , i 'll tell the world right now , brings out the best in me .
i 'm gon na tell ya , that 's one helluva man , and god bless him . "
funny neither you nor flowers thought to mention that .
@washingtonpost @nytimes a poem worth sharing , by an african i would love to write a piece on my experience as a south african female immigrant ( under these conditions ) , now raising a half white son .
poverty to " riches " .
the q , " where do i feel safest ? " #
istandwithilhanomar url
coworker of mine started a conversation with them with " i 'm a supporter of lgbt people but ... " and i was so worried for the girls
all white people can do is impotently whine when their children are getting raped by the muslim conquerors they deserve rape and murder weaklings die out
far - left protester on white people : " they 've been terrorists since the beginning of this g - d damn country , b*tch .
you 're a terrorist , mitch ! "
url
i would move too but unfortunately there is nowhere that is untainted .
otterbein 's production of damn yankees was so incredible i could 've sworn it was all professionals , i recommend everyone go see it ! !
# inspiration you are indebted to you imagination for three - fourths of your importance .
-david garrick # quotes # followme & # 128044 ;
“ never let a bitch take your spot period ” rosa parks < number >
wish i was nt a virgin 
 wish i was nt a virgin every night i ca nt stop thinking about it and i ca nt sleep or do anything normal
@rashtrapatibhvn a tall women leader leader of our time , unparallel , poised in diction , p.m. material , great stateswoman , learned , able parliamentarian , motherly figure to her followers .
her passing away at an early age is great loss to the nation .
may her soul attain peace .
ok shanti .
idc what anyone says , the song title is brown skin girl and i 'm a brown skin girl .
if you think it 's only for " dark skin girls " that 's fine , that 's for you .
how i see it tho ... if she wanted that or meant that she would 've named it " dark skin girl "
this is a joke all these guys must be desperate pussyfoot bitches
joaquin phoenix executed the role of the joker perfectly that was an excellent movie def go see it
you 're just sorry you 're not a leaf fan - join the party and enjoy ! ! ! ! ! !
democrats are racist towards whites .
i know who i m voting for !
wow !
what a stupid lox of horse crap from a few strange folks ... i would suggest someone relook at the exit polls ... middle income white males voted for little d in large enough numbers ... but as is most often the case , the righteous right won because of voter suppression .
fewer voters by percentage came out and this translates to the win ... if all the likely voters had shown up instead of being depressed she would have won .
but this did n't happen so if you voted for him then ' you own it 'cause you broke it . '
i wish us all luck and will hold my breath that we can put the breaks on stupidity .
only non - catholics ' ordain ' women only non - catholics regard contraception as ok .
hmm just in < number > military personnel have been reassigned from their white house jobs amid allegations that they had improper contact with foreign women while traveling with president trump on his recent trip to vietnam washington post
i support lgbtq activities l - let ’s 
 g - go 
 b - beat 
 t - the 
 q - queers
what do you get when you throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
lgbtqbbq
i liked the poor whites left behind angle of twp but who d give a shit about blacks in that situation why are not they seeking out opportunities elsewhere
all chicks need is a catheter up their piss hole .
trump will have us back in the stone age soon .
why ca n't newspapers get their comments section to work more smoothly ?
maybe they were greeting each other with a holy kiss .
now , after all the rant on exclusive male homosexuality , the church has a new problem to grapple with .
what fb has been violated ?
let us know how the school and/or church handles this problem now and in the future to stamp out homosexuality .
nice to see that t rump stands foursquare with the polluters .
the cbc is a subsidized liberal propaganda machine that hardly qualifies as a news outlet .
it is identical to and has the same mandate as state funded cubavision and the north korean cbc ( central broadcasting committee ) .
chuck 
 it should also be good for the summer mosquito population .
lol
i m trans as well .
i understand how you feel
" this female student was murdered on campus , and men ’s rights activists are celebrating "
you sound like that fattest fucking virgin i 've ever seen .
your cringe as fuck and will stay alone forever with your 4 inch chode that busts within 2 minutes of wanking with your 2 fingers .
black culture encapsulated perfectly in all it ghetto splendor
this dudes comment history is littered with some pretty bad homophobic shit as well as the women hating .
he 's either 13 years old or the bagel boss 's cousin .
shutting down racism begins with all of us people with actual brains coming together , and leaving those who are lacking brain out .
# thehumanrace
tomorrow , 3 fucking pm est y all are paying for my fallen cheek surgery and heal the petals from hanahaki !
i 'm white & grew up in south they call me " grandma america " i will " not accept white nationalist , dictators nor demented old men " .
america stand up & if you white nationalist do n't like it go to russia ! !
leftie americans say arabs are white leftie brits say arabs are asian so the left really does believe people are transracial or is the left complicit with violently criminal arabs
jennifer , are you on clinton 's payroll ?
why would any respectable , intelligent woman or man vote for or support a liar , thief and disreputable sexual predator enabler like hrc ?
karma whore gay cunt eat shit
papa 's got a new pig bag 

 yes larry 's analysis is weak 

 this is why journalists at the globe should   not cover foreign affairs unless they are willing to confront facts they are uncomfortable with
🗣 this is the fifth consecutive increase in hate crimes year over year in the united states .
🗣 only 36 states have hate crime laws that apply to lgbtq+ people specifically .
🗣 this year alone , 12 black trans women have been murdered .
url
someone slap her bitch ass
people suffering from obstructive jaundice should be called simpsons also because they can predict their deaths
more supportive of the lgbtq+ community
gangbanged by a couple of lowly thugs ... how pathetic .
url
" if only krugman 's contention about the long standing dominance of " " free market orthodoxy " " were true , maybe we 'd all be much richer "
bill , i read an article recently that said trolls on the web are frustrated narcissists who believe they are n't getting enough attention in the real world so they go to net where they believe they will be worshiped for their supposed brilliance .
i would like to have a look round too planning it for later this year just a look round looks like a beautiful country from the air ( google )
we want to wish everyone in the # lbgtq community a fantastic # pridemonth , the galaxy is a better place with all of you in it .
❤ ️ 🌈 url
the work area under the bridge is on the s sidewalk & amp ; must be accessed from above .
workers will keep space for bikes / peds to get by . (
2/2 )
no problem jenks .
a whole different 9th inning and final score had the trump pussy grabbing tape been released 10 to 14 days before the election , instead of one month before , easily pushing the dnc emails off the front page .
" nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory " .
john kenneth galbraith 

 jenks , you forgot to thank your buddy , putin .
i 'm old enough to remember when doctors had ashtrays on their desks and would advise you to switch to a menthol brand until that cough clears up .
i know what you are getting at and yes a part of it is definitely immigrants from countries with different and backwards cultures who are not intergrating and whose number is too larged to be properly absorbed by the country
got banned from r / foreveralone 
 guess those blue pilled cucks ca n't handle the truth .
what 's the difference between your mom going shopping and your dad going shopping ?
when my mom goes shopping , she leaves first thing in the morning and she gets back at dinner time with a car full of groceries .
but my dad , he went out for cigarettes five years ago and he still is n't home yet .
somebody please get this lady the help she so obviously needs .
it 's not that easy .
if you pay under the table , you ca n't deduct the expense for tax purposes .
it will happen but at a lower amount than $ 13 .
shame on trump - we want " sunny days with unicorns and rainbows " speeches from our leaders , decade after decade , that 's what we want .
that 's because she is a man
.
@betoorourke 's immigration plan hinges on the core belief that immigrants make our society stronger -- read the stories of immigrants across the country who are contributing to our communities and our economy every day :   url # beto2020 # betoforamerica
i 'm more curious as to why that matters , given her experience in the pentagon and washington d.c.   you are pretty much arguing in favor of career politicians , which to most of us is the problem with our government .
i would love to see trump bring < number > white women from europe call them refugees from the madness of merkel other lefties and refugees from rapist muslims bring them here and have a baby boom american men are tired of fat women
< user > < user > can ’ t be as retarded as your pops in your avi
what has four legs .
and one arm ?
a doberman in a children 's park .
< user > 😂 mary my dear you can not kill yourself come back let us finish ourselves at ojuelegba
this judge is wrong in his ruling , in the opinion of all indians citizens .
yo why some old white guy start coming at me at the gas station cause my music is ghetto 😭 nigga said this is not the ghetto go somewhere else guy stfu once i said he looked broke tho
what do you get when you throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
lgbtqbbq
@aabahaawas @yxng_aizen @thatblackespada another nigga to hop on y'alls dick , enjoy your dick ride boys
you can watch nfl live online , but you need pay for it , the cheapest way to watch nfl games is on====   > > > nflgtv .
com < < < = = = , 
 i really recommend this source .
so go on and get it .
2 years ago i paid a lot of money for nfl games , more than 200$. 
 never again !
now i am watching nfl , ncaaf & all other sports online via > > > nflgtv .
com < < < website ! ! ! ,
it 's the best tv this year .
try to find but i think you can find this website by google .
> > > > > > get visite here now---- > > > nflgtv .
com
" " i am willing to pay more taxes to finance something like the rail " " 

 why ?
it 's not going to relieve traffic .
it 's just going to benefit developers , not the traffic weary commuters .
why did the chicken cross the road ?
cuz king kong was on the other side
you 're a miserable little thing , are n't you ?
let me guess : white male .
beardy .
prrrrrobably mra .
how close am i ?
just realized there 's no httt on tonight 's setlist .
when has that ever happened ... 2 amnesiacs but no the gloaming .
strange . #
radioheadmiami
i always thought it was run on feel good ploys and back room ( and often well oiled ) deals without any regard to data ...
its just how it is baby there must be a balance too much crazy fools and we up shit creek so we got a big ass iron hammer to crack all y all queers open wit
special session was held because at the end of last session sylvia luke and jill tokuda rejected the existing plan to simply extend the get to pay for the rail .
they had two main arguments , both of which i find persuasive .
1 ) by relying on the get , we would push the burden onto the back of low and middle - income hawaii residents , whereas the tat would shift it almost entirely to tourists ; and 2 ) using the tat would acquire funds earlier and so avoid hundreds of millions in interest .
i attended the hearings and share hooser 's discomfort the bill had obviously been negotiated in advance , as no amendments would be allowed in order to accomplish everything within the 5 days allowed for the special session .
they were , in a sense , merely going through the motions of a democratic process .
had they extended debate , that , too , would have been " going through the motions . "
critics of rail wanted them to go beyond their kuleana and kill , redesign or delay the project .
that is not the state 's job .
maybe but what are our elite white men fighting for a nation of blacks asians hispanics muslims jews trannies and faggots
my boss called me into his office this morning he said why have i had sexual harassment complaints from several members of our female staff i said because you are probably a pervert
" " " a life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing . " "
george bernard shaw # quote "
after ballooning his " modest " deficit to 25 billion and counting , trudeau has no money to protect canada from any of the serious things that canada might face - unless of course , we just go further in debt - if that 's possible - since the auditor general projects no balanced budgets until 2050 or later .
canadians have not yet woken up to the very real dangers we face when fiscal responsibility is complete ignored .
wynne and trudeau - birds of a feather .
no kidding jade ! ! ! !
i am a father of three beautiful children and i bust my ass every day to support them and my wife .
as a man i know that taking a nap sounds amazing but would never think of doing it when my kids need me .
i wish people with children would grow up .
having hoes is ghetto
has a non - white male ever been g - g ?
how about some diversity for goodness sake !
right ..... and if it appears that the judge erred in law ( as in this case ) , that is legal grounds for appeal .
brah , the last two sentences just completely gave away your deranged mental state this morning .
do us all a favor and   go eat your morning " medicinal weedies " cereal to help pay off the rail and do n't forget to lock yourself into a room with klastri , jojeja2 , allie , homer , tigereye and nancy pelosi to have a think - tank brainstorming session on how to get your devout hitliary into the white house .
lol http://www.jhunderground.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/02/bob-marley-weedies.jpg
i 'm on the fence with abortion .
on one hand it kills kids , but it also gives women a choice .
< user > y are u focusing on that when nazis exist
you should start from high breed feminized seeds .
grow six plants , cut clones from each plant and label them prior to entering 12/12 .
after harvest pick which plant was most impressive ( biggest , most potent , disease and nutrient deficiency free ) .
plant those clones that you have taken from that keeper plant and kill off the rest of the clones . (
note : you can keep a clone rooted and in a living catatonic state for months ) .
now just continue the process and cut clones from the vegetated clones you planted prior to entering 12/12 and you can keep this process going forever .
you will never need to buy seeds or clones again unless you want to try a new strain and start over .
treaty 9 : 
 1 :   indians do hereby cede , release , surrender and yield up to the government of canada , for his majesty the king and his successors for ever , all their rights titles and privileges whatsoever , to the lands " ceded to the crown outside of the indian reserves .
2 :   indians shall have the right to pursue their usual vocations of hunting , trapping and fishing throughout the tract surrendered as heretofore described , ... excepting such tracts as may be required or taken up from time to time for settlement , mining , lumbering , trading or other purposes " .
3 :   ojibway , cree and other chiefs , on behalf of all the indians whom they represent , do hereby solemnly promise and engage to strictly observe this treaty , and also to conduct and behave themselves as good and loyal subjects of his majesty the king .
that 's it .
everything else ( water , education , housing , health care ) is frosting on the cake .
natives regularly violate the   treaties they claim are so scared .
how dare you oakland mayor libby schaaf and governor jerry brown put our national security at risk think that illegal immigrants are more important than american citizens put american citizens and law enforcement officers lives in danger
do n't worry , i 'm sure no one will be like " what a great idea " until a dude takes credit for it . &
lt;3
ms. landry , i pray that you read this comment .
if you have   any brains at all ,   you   should   run away , not walk away from this idiot mr. gannon .
your addiction or connection to him is probably that he was your first guy to have intercourse with , or , he has you addicted to drugs .
either way , run away , stay away ,   from this horrible relationship ......... you have reached the bottom of the hole .
conservatives in hollywood have to stay quiet or risk never having a job just for expressing a politcal view .
even sleeping with harvey would n’t help them .
in this fandom we should accept everyone for who they are , no matter what skin colour , nationality , gender , sexual orientation , kind of music you like , what you wear , how you look , it doesnt matter .
all that matters is that your a nice person to others , if you are n't then goodbye
still ai n't ran cross a nigga that stopped fw me and that 's on whoever head 🥵
male vs female as victims of abuse ( x - post from r / divorce with permission )
what do you mean how do i figure can you read do you have any self awareness at all with responses like these i should just default to calling you a retarded faggot now go away and stop wasting my time amateur
but a man 's self worth should be related to masculinity .
i do n't show my face because i want my art to be the main focus .
if that means people calling me ugly then it 's whatever , my arts beautiful .
i accept that lack of new supply may be part of what is driving rising single family home prices .
but condo prices are also skyrocketing , and there seems to be no limit to the amount of supply in this market segment .
i think that supply considerations may be a factor at the margin , but that near zero borrowing rates are the primary driver of the market .
the longer rates stay at near zero levels , the more people think they are going to stay there forever , and they are increasingly prepared to borrow whatever they can afford to carry at these very low rates .
go to a bank .
it is shocking how much money they are prepared to lend you if you have a decent income .
like most booms , it is availability of low cost credit that really drives prices .
and it will be either a rise in borrowing costs , or a fall in incomes ( see calgary ) that kills it .
< user > < user > if they are so there are aprox < number > billion muslim on planet earth books me hi nazar aate phr
can you guess the top 10 cities where “ downtown ” is making a comeback ?
https://t.co/srtmkhnlj0 https://t.co/9fvbqztb3s
i guess this is the way liberals plan to destroy more women 's dreams .
even a moron would know this is wrong so find out who 's promoting it and i 'll bet you find a money trail .
for the men who feel the need to compete as women , i 'll i can say is they are misfits for either gender .
so , when does the new linkin park album ... drop ?
the trans movement is driven by man - hating feminists who want to save boys by convincing them that they 're really girls .
we 're so horrified by female genital mutilation in foreign lands but in the west we 're enacting constitutional protections for castrating boys on a political whim .
i feel like i 'm a black man trapped in a white mans body , where 's my government funded racial reassignment surgery ?
@eedwardsellis @kikiadine @thedemocrats   celebrate as old white men loose their power to women .
women supporting women ,   women supporting families ,   women supporting communities ,   women must lead america foward , support ur favorite womens movement .
url
this headline is misleading .
mcdonalds is not adding 250 k jobs , they are merely seeking to keep pace with the massive turnover they experience due to lousy pay , hours and working conditions .
just like walmart , home depot and other low wage retail employers who experience 60 % annual turnover among employees .
u mean hell and i 'm an atheist so get nae nae'd kid
what happens when you import niggers mudslimes their culture includes gang rape and honor killings of course they have no regard for western values they ca nt overcome there nature i do not blame the poc slime i blame the whites who let them in and the jews scheming has an effect
" there is lots of cleaning up that can be done .
solar power has gone leaps and bounds ... " , etc .
but your examples are n't " cleaning up ; " they are ways to emit less .
cleaning up ( in mikeak01 's post ) implies removing co2 that has been or is being emitted - a dubious prospect for the scale that would be needed ( and there are no methods for doing this for the other greenhouse gasses ) .
concerning renewable energy and improved efficiency , both are good but their benefits tend to be reduced by the rebound effect ( a.k.a .
jevons ' paradox ) , and again there is the problem of attaining an adequate scale across all energy uses ( power , heat , various transport modes ) .
also , we are in a time bind ( as yereth 's article illustrates ) for radically reducing co2 emissions toward a non - offset zero , and the most immediate and effective means for doing that is for most of us to ratchet down our lifestyle expectations .
your group of suggestions is good ( and convenient ) , but insufficient .
it 's definitely not just a label .
whether you're a boy or a girl defines everything you are .
i wanna be a kid again 
 i was a cute kid , i did nt know about my dark future , i was happy in the school , i was happy being in home watching the simpsons and those cartoons
there are some who will say that the church can never change its position on homosexuality because the church 's teaching is part of divine revelation .
i say it 's as much a part of divine revelation as not eating shellfish or men not cutting their hair - after all , those prohibitions , like not wearing clothes made of mixed fabrics or not eating meat with dairy products , all come from the same book of the bible : leviticus .
and yes , st. paul did condemn homosexual acts but he also told women to be quiet in church , and yet no one observes that rule anymore .
cherry - picking the bible has a long history that will probably never end .
but the people who mention revelation never talk about the fact that jesus himself never said a word about homosexuality .
in the end , as a gay catholic christian , i take great comfort in that .
the church has been wrong about many things in the past .
it is wrong about homosexuality , and it is time the church change its position - out of charity , if nothing else .
i do n't care if some gays somewhere get married .
what i care about is when this begins to affect my children .
germany is replacing its nuclear units with renewable energy ( wind and solar ) as part of its energy transition , the so - called energiewende .
it is using mainly coal to back - up its intermittent renewable energy and as a result , it has increased its coal - fired generation .
due to the higher cost of wind and solar units , residential electricity prices have escalated and are 3 times that of the united states .
while germany gets 27.3 percent of its generation from non - hydroelectric renewable energy , it is also heavily dependent on coal and natural gas for base - load power and to back up its intermittent wind and solar power , generating over 50 percent of its power from fossil fuels .
http://instituteforenergyresearch.org/analysis/france-germany-turn-coal/
< user > when roy rosales killed he called himself a dumb nigger which in court you have to say roy rosales dumb nigger killed
i just found this subreddit , and i find it intriguing .
i might be gender critical .
until now i thought that trans did n't make sense , but hey whatever makes people happy why not .
reading here however makes me realize that this may have bigger implications that are inconsistent with advancing feminism in society ( making it better for men and women ) .
never liked the guy , rarely agreed with him , but wish him the absolute best .
he 's served his country in a variety of ways for many years , which i simply have to respect .
philbert and tommy are now lgbt+ icons .
if my kid is trans , it can use whatever bathroom it wants at the adoption center .
if you sat down and thought of what america would look like with 40 - 50 million blacks in a state or territory of their own ... some of you say " that would just make it easier for him to bomb us ! "
did n't i just tell you of our backup ? #
farrakhan # noisundays
i find it very immature when anyone ( left or right ) labels another person who does not agree with him / her as racist .
sorry , no respect for you or you opinion !
this is college age women ?
look at that blackboard .
it looks more like something in middle school !
ohhh ... the poor lil snowflakes !
their professors and advisors have convinced the college age women and the minorities that " if you are on a college campus ... you are in danger ! "
this is happening all over the country .
how many sexual assaults have been committed on the uo campus lately ?
are these serious attacks ?
or a slap on the butt ?
unacceptable , to be sure .
but a serious crime ?
" whatever we wear , wherever we go , yes means yes , and no means no . ”
wow .
is this advice for 13 year old girls ?
translation : " i have the right to dress revealingly and be out @ 2:15 am and if you , " mr. man " interpret my actions as a sexual come on ... that is your problem .
but , i reserve the right to 
 have consensual sex with you ... but , if i later regret my choice , i can report it as a rape or sexual assault . "
no wonder more and more young men are going " mgtow " !
where d you learn that mark zuckerberg sjw community college russians have always been and will always be caucasians of the european continent classifying russians or indians as asians is the same as classifying brazilians as americans
sorry white men you are just begging to be cheated on vice
if the guy said she was a faggot or a retard then i would kind of understand but he said it was kind of wack then she proceeds to make him seem worse even though she was the one who escalated it to such a ridiculous degree
so i bought condoms for my party at rite aid and the lady gave me a dirty look , just now i came back and bought trash bags # imagineherface
genders are like the twin towers at first there were two of them , but now it 's a sensitive subject
note how quickly the left wing hate media site nbc goes to bashing white people and citing far left hate group splc in reaction to an armenian act of violence
- you 're safe , sweet boy .
he kisses his cheek , then his dirtied knuckles , holding his hand as he tugs him along .
these gun nuts are really pussies at heart .
they always have to reach for their heat because without their " protection " they are afraid of everything .
he shoots an unarmed man in the back over taking down fliers , and this is " self - defense " ?
in what universe except the alternate reality in which the gun nuts live ?
@realdonaldtrump aye .
fuck that .
get your killers in check .
stop that racist bullshit you talking about .
all these mass shootings ! ! !
we blame you for it .
even when u leave office we blame you for everything .
u ugly , u stupid and yo dick small .
u hate life trump
get armed and get trained , they are literally pushing for a genocide against us .
fuck your cop dad / brother / uncle touchy / mom / leather daddy / whoever and while your at it , ball up those fat little digits of yours into a fist and fuck yourself too !
have a blessed day !
what s a " bold patterned " cat ?
anything like a man wearing body armor , loaded up with automatic weapons .
or militry troops in their " boldly patterned " uniforms ?
i know , its a cop in a blue and white , cruising down the glenn during rush hour .
now you 're demonizing cats because they - like every other speces - have   developed defenses against attacks for other predators .
but you hate thrm , so when cars deveope especially effectuve defenses against predators 1000 's of times bigger than they are , it means they 're evil .
whay horses*#t .
“ leg lifters ” 

 nice diss .
i hope the ducks can make the puppies look like squatters and butt scooting carpet stripers tonight .
go ducks !
there are tons of comebacks , men just act like perpetual teen boys
not all straight men - i am frustrated .
unlike on okcupid , queer folks don&#8217;t have the ability to block ... http://t.co/hbf2xza0ke
agree with rowman .
the baker is ok refusing to make a cake with gay men on the cake , or with swastikas on it , or breasts on it .
it is not ok to refuse to make a cake for a black person , a gay person , an asian , an american indian ... get it richard stacy ?
tough concept .
i say let him refuse whatever classes of people he wants , and post it in the store prominently ... then all reasonable people can avoid him and find a baker that is not a bigot .
" acceptance " is the key , it brings about reconciliation and understanding which allows us to persevere and overcome the obstacle 's and adversity we face .
regardless of whether such is our own constructs or ones created by others .
life itself is very simplistic , yet we must live within a society that grows ever more complex by the day .
harry , you 're such an inspiring human & amp ; have a pure kind soul in your beautiful figure .
ily h !
@harry_styles kindly follow me ?
εїз & # 128035 ; 90,603
< user > < user > but men get raped as well yeah by other men you fucking idiots
i once panhandled .
it was in   the   early1960s when i was a grad student , and we went to sf for the summer for fun but could n't find much in jobs ... my donut shop   work was n't making it .
so one night i went up by north beach , stood on the corner and   asked the first man for some change ...... he reached   in his pocket , pulled out a couple of quarters , and handed them to me with such a look of contempt i about shriveled up ..... that was it , never again .
moral of story , seems to me many of these pan handlers have lost any sense of pride , of self respect , of expectation of a better or more useful life .
when i ask some healthy looking young guy why he does n't go and at least try to find a job , they mostly   just seem to go blank , like   that 's not in their vision of the universe , they 've given up .
i find that really sad .
so this is what a social media ghetto looks like imprisioned by the fascist occupied internet from here we will plot resist and rise up
it 's good to see someone actively trying to make a difference and reach out to people who otherwise might never realize that there is more than one side to any belief .
@chrisevans hi god .
r u there ?
oh ur chris evans it all males since now !
thank u for ur support ☺ ️
i wanted to do beauty and the beast bangtan but i got sick .
it 's namjin coz we all know jin is the beauty , ok .
count on an ideologue looking for headlines like johnson to screw hawaii and its many poor .
medicaid is a lifeline for our low income popualtion .
i am sure ige will have all the answers by october 11 .
republicans just hate the poor but love throwing money at the rich and wasteful miltiary where billions have been stolen or lost in recent years .
this man , trump , is mentally ill .
a good piece of writing by the estimable ms campbell .
every time trump 's spooks say ' fake news ' they are trying to repurpose a poison which they themselves created . "
fake news " was invented in the early 1990s by white supremacists in idaho , amplified   after ruby ridge and waco , and used to motivate mass - murderer tim mcveigh .
this is worse than denial of facts , it 's a cover for criminality .
cute slogan .
after you try hugging the hate out them , maybe the muslim terrorists will let you choose from nail bomb or van assault for your demise .
they have used both means very recently to kill innocent men , women , and children .
governor walker is soon to be voted out of office , he is a crook in the pockets of big oil .
alaskans know that his interests lie with a republican led majority that has run this state into the ground with billions given to the wealthiest corporations in the world .
alaskans dont forget who put our state in the position it is in .
< user > pearl clutching beta male hug a muslim soy boys i have got to remember that one
in all fairness , men do n't go to starbucks .
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
i would agree in part with some posters here that we should be focused on o'leary 's here - and - now as opposed to back - then .
this kerfuffle allows him to spew nonsense like intimating that it is ok to touch a woman 's butt if she needs something from you .
trump 's victory down below suggests that there is a constituency of highly motivated voters who eat up this stuff .
then it becomes " the politically correct social(ist ) justice warrior " against the dyed - in - the - wool , hard working , salt - of - the - earth , guy - who's - just - tryin'-to - get - by guy .
focus on his social and economic policies .
let 's ditch all the faddish , pseudo - intellectual , social - warrior justifications and call this what it is . . .
government - directed racism and sexism directed against white males .
it is absolutely appalling .
have we learned nothing   from the past ?
smfh boy you sound just like them hoes ! !
rt @k_forkicks : idk why everybody be hating on the puerto rican princess
it is fitting that we are now seeing these strong women speaking out and trying to fix problems that others are uncertain of how to tackle .
rich lean in my pants in her throat suckin this niggers
< user > i definately have to come over and visit soon 😍 😍 😍 i need to be raped by more than one
both are children yes i talk to men about ideas i talk to women in funny animal videos
the fucking dial tone & # 129315 ; do n't wanna hear it ma'am .
lol still thinking about the nazi hunter busting out the long swords after like two days of quarantine this shit is gon na get wild
varacocele , then testicular cancer
people are crazy , , they want to lie cheat and steal from people , and then bitch , noone trusts them .. insanity
soy boy pussys grow a cock and balls and grow up
those days are long gone my dudes i m gon na be a psychology hoe
fag tillman , the toilet whore url
he was the 2nd guy i ever fucked so this is before i experienced massive dicks .
this bitch must be into small dicks if she thought he was big
@b_scheich & # 128072;&#128166 ; salute a bad bitch
i bet tyrone can hook up with your mom in 5 seconds
um ?
because it 's a fact ?
.
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/destinations/north-america/united-states/articles/most-countries-on-trumps-list-also-ban-visitors-based-on-nationality/ 
 .
but i do n't see mention of this in your washington post , so it must not be true , right ?
sheesh , what a lemming .
a decent return , that will be much harder when labour costs are forced up 32 % in a few months while inflation is only about 2 % ` , , that s on wynne not poor business practices bud
donald trump a trump administration will end this nightmare of violence that going on all over our country
me and < user > were talking about it cosplayers and she was like if this richie cosplayer took off their glasses they would look like mike but they re white stranger things
good luck noremorsenoregrets , hopefully its good news about your job and lets hope you do nt become another figure in a stat !
if you a bitch nigga please just stay away .
for me , one major advantage of my smartphone is that it makes me talk less .
is this even an advantage or disadvantage ?
reminder that for every muslim with four wives there are three losers who have no hope of getting sex unless they rape animals children and white women polygamy creates social instability
you sound like a racist , trump voting , kkk redneck .
we do n't take kindly to folks like you around these parts .
bernie stands up for all minorities .
i feel so full of ambition lately it 's craaaazy .
your mind rewards you when you cut out toxic people from your life i swear & # 128514 ;
did you know that you can go the rest of your life without eating food ?
well , it 's gon na be a very short life that you have ...
yes all men disappoint eventually .
when you can not handle the truth you call it hate speech racist white supremacy homophobia islamophobia and anti semetic
selling spike shoes spring shoes climbing gloves and a cape
women should not be forced to cover their face and body with an oppressive black blanket with slits cut for eyes .
why you ask pm , because its 2017 !
please no tripe about culture or religion .
what female would choose to adorn a black blanket over her head in 40 plus c , desert heat where they are from .
that had to be the idea of some insecure coward males .
some say religion , most others say its not part of that religion .
any comment on this thread that is n't " men are pigs " is getting deleted for ' derailment of the topic "
did you know that you can go the rest of your life without eating food ?
well , it 's gon na be a very short life that you have ...
sorry , those are alpha 's .
not for your disgusting little beta hands 🙅 🏽‍ ♀ ️ wipe away those tears , or just use them to jerk off to this video , you pathetic cuck .
💸 tribute 💸 if this made your inferior penis twitch .
# findom # femdom # titworship # paypigs # humanatm # cashcows url
to me , [ nigga ] is like a bro term .
a term of endearment .
after the shooting in orlando .
< repeat > june has changed from gay pride month to gay died month .
nancy pelosi invited illegal aliens to the state of the union president trump invited victims of illegal aliens to the state of the union
we just lost in a perfect game and now my team is playing and dancing to music in the locker room and i 'm pissed .... like whut .
now do one of vox as a moslem woman getting stoned to death
i 'm not a misandrist but men have crybaby meltdowns in record time when you challenge them on their bullshit why so irrational
hopefully no habs d - man is silly enough to trip a guy going in full speed ;-)
let 's get a real number behind that small minded assertion .
i like to deal with real facts .
" 1 : " " so then kendall jenner sees the handsome people protesting and decides to abandon her photoshoot " " 2 : " " yes , this all sounds very good " " "
this is n't 4chan you dumb cunt
good for macdonald 's .
it 's way past time someone stood up to this nationwide peanut ban .
it it offends a small minority of people , so be it .
eat somewhere else .
cheer on the whining .
i love to see and hear it .
it 's a great asset for the gop .
the dems do n't agree , so encourage it .
> some incels give a lot but get nothing back    and so should be rewarded with pussy ?
are you aware that said pussy is attached to a fully realized human being with the exact same natural rights to happiness as you ?
and that she does not deserve to be forced to have sex with anyone she finds undesirable ?
do you get that women have the same right to reject men that men have to reject women ?
how committed are you to the belief that women are holes , rather than human beings deserving of respect ?
how can girls fuck wit a nigga that do n't even take care of his own child ?
wtf makes you think he 's gon na take care of your ass 🤣 he ca n't even take the time to provide for his child dummy
this is like fake news 

 no facts and a us congressman involved
uber 's pricing is based on demand .
the more customer demand , the more the price increases which attracts more drivers to the area which then makes the price go down : economics 101
my parents used to beat me so hard i thought my name was the sound of a whip
1 .
i said an @ , bitch .
2 .
you a grown ass man with kanyelover1234 as a handle , bitch ass .
3 .
there is an outside , but you worried about what eye post , bitch ass hoe .
4 .
suck my veiny dick , bitch ass hoe nigga .
url
if i was a betting woman , i bet his wife is a married single mom .
this is nuts .
url
we know , but trump 's kids are all married to or dating jews and he 's expressed his full support of thelgbt community and gay marriage even if he is not out waving the fag rag in fag pride parades .
gays r cool faggots r not
@yonas gidey awww thank you i 'm sure your compliment meant a lot to you 😂 😂 👍 but they 're a lot of good westerns and asians left that are the " last example of anything good " 😂 i do agree muslims do nt respect women look at how isis sold all your " precious women " as sex slaves horribly rapping and murdering thousands of women and children .
every other dirt hole country there views them below cattle , and rather fuck goats and livestock then their own wives 😂 😂 url - goat - fucking - drone - video - not - isis - not - a - goa - phone
how shocked would y all be if i got a bitch on y all
it 's pathetic that it took the shooting of a little girl in the head to get the us to pay attention to the mdgs it promised to the un ...
that was little barackie first intimate encounter with a black moochelle man no wonder he had such a hard time leaving that last white chick he was banging
yea i have an idea do n't put them in the place for what ever and send them back to there original country
thank you !
@cindymillet8 @loriamooreky @caroleparkes1 @charleneproctor @inkspokes i appreciate your support . :)
suck my dick stupid bitch
@hbcufessions too many fake women smh
what has four legs and one arm ?
a pit bull in a playground .
you 're going to bend 14 year old white girls over ?
😲 /s
expecting 1 0 c here tonight so my white western invented central heating electric blanket will be on all night moslems hate the west so turn yours off freeze your arses to death moslemsaretheproblem
most people are internally sexist , racist , classist , whatever to some degree , the trick is to recognize it and not let it affect your actions and behaviors .
sessions cites bible to defend separating immigrant families hotpagenews com r < number >
tabitha appears to dream about trump , imagining i am sure what sex with him would be like ( probably better that what she is getting now because she is so full of hate and bile ) and having such a fixation on him that her life must be utterly useless ... what would she do without him - complain about white men ?
potus looks so good by comparison what is stormy daniels drama about he may or may not have had consensual relations many years ago then paid to keep it quiet never any allegations about violence and abuse
" but lets not let our imaginations overrule the facts ! "
and yet that is exactly what you did .
obama did't impose economic sanctions , he applied sanctions aimed at specific individuals .
banks do n't deal with venezuela   because they do n't get paid .
multiple companies have pulled out because they are losing billions of dollars on overdue payments- ford , gm , american airlines , air canada , colgate , .. 

 meanwhile venezuelans are starving whilst maduro 's cronies loot the treasury and dine of fois gras , caviar , - and buying mansions in miami - until obama put the sanctions on them .
stupid men .
do take note .
more conflation of sex and gender ..   i. am .
shocked 🙄 i , a gnc , child free woman , am a survivor of rape who 's had a rape kit exam ( which includes a swipe of my cervix ) and given plan b , why ?
because unlike you , i am female , and those services were created ( and fought for ) specifically to combat the sex based oppression i face as a female .
he will never understand what being female entails no mater how any women refuse to wax his saggy ass male testicles .
fuck him with a sick dick sideways , entitled asshat .
" marriage no longer only means a union between a man and a woman just as a man and a woman getting married no longer necessarily means they want to have children - but will have sex .
all this idea about marriage was once all tied up in a neat little bundle - and it no longer is . "
and you call this progress .
marriage itself has been broken and defiled , and you call it good .
pathetic .
men and women forsaking their basic human natures and acting with all the unnaturalness and foolishness that that entails .
" progress . "
pathetic .
trans is the new black .
next thing you know the word trans will become offensive to them and they will want some politically correct term like " gender adjusted person " in place of it .
but they will still be allowed to call each other trans because it 's " their word " see what i did there ?
4 women , 3 years ...... and he showed himself , in all his glory what he is . . "
show weakness ' ... a typical macho taunt by usually a man , who himself lacks spine , and used , to embarrass otherwise good men .
color not withstanding , the fact that 4 women took him to task is what kills him .
how dare women ?
you arw the biggest racist
no one even knew you were male until you said this .... stop grasping at straws to find a justification other than yta .
< user > < user > just like they will never be jews lol
germany has gone from merkel 's welcoming " all " refugees , to increasing restrictions on which refugees it will accept .
but of course , ncr 's focus is only donald j. trump as the meanest man in the world .
ncr is an acronym for never credit republicans
disgusting .
misandry .
regressive liberalism .
sexism .
| 
 women will always do what they can to help women , they certainly can not be trusted .
already 80 % of the prisoners are men because 80 % of the laws are aimed at men .
even the male judges are white knights and will railroad other men .
what do you get when you cross a chihuahua and an elephant ?
a dead chihuahua with a 19 inch asshole
flubbing bumbler 

 klutzy blunderer 
 butterfingered stumblebum 
 oafish bungler 
 botch did lummox , clumsy galoot 
 fumbler flummoxed , muffing it moot
socialjustice shs i m shocked to see that there was a film back in the day showing a women would rather kill herself than get raped by a black man implying black men are rapist absurd 😠 😠 😠
no problem , as a surprisingly light skinned mixed person i have a soft spot for others like me since i did n't see anyone who was mixed and as light as me until i was a teenager .
one of my friends just had a daughter with a complexion close to mine , they say they would have been shocked by her skin tone if they had n't known me and joke and say she 's my mini - me .
the fuck 's up with the bot saying white people ca n't comment ?
" my confidence comes from deciding for myself . "
@ditavonteese was joined by @goldilockslg , founder of @thesexed , at the wing la for a convo on the intersection of sexuality & business & why being in touch with your sexuality can be key to how we move through every facet of life .
url
she should go on a cock fucking tampage before she marries that obvious fag she is with .
what s going on with that jesus campos guy and the vegas shooting all the live topics are gay
< user > parties with leo room full of bad bitch and fine niggas
so /r / againstmensrights wo nt be dealing with voat because apparently , its a forum of hate
what do you call a white man marrying the woman of his dreams incest
i love that you enjoy being trans .
boys do n't wear necklaces like that .
very interesting video , although i spotted at least one error ; samhain is celebrated from sunset on october 31st to sunset on november 1st .
what does fila stand for ?
forever i love arabs
and who could forget liza minnelli ?
" wanna peel a tomato ? "
that is not what she is saying at all .
you should n't put words in her mouth that she never uttered .
and it is not what camille paglia was saying either .
you did get this right : " the reality is , rapists prey on people who are incapacitated . "
so given that reality , and the obvious fact that rapists are not going to disappear overnight ,   right now and next week women are less likely to be raped if they avoid incapacitating themselves .
so why on earth would you not want to warn them against self - incapacitation ?
why do you want these women to increase the risk of putting themselves in harm 's way ?
as a white person i am sick and tired of being judged by the colour of my skin by people who have complained for decades about being judged by the colour of theirs
" ... if a us basoed payment system is being used , why w ..... " 

 do you know of a canadian equivalent ?
* he .
you fucking pathetic trash .
women do n't have dicks .
you wish you had a vagina you misogynistic pig .
we all know you 're envious that you will never be a woman so you trash women instead .
your mother would be embarrassed that she raised such a pathetic , misogynistic son .
and nothing will get done !
all those jobs in infrastructure are all talk !
talk !
talk !
talk !
there is no jobs !
jobs !
jobs !
this vile racist ghetto ass dumber than a retarded tree snail woman could not win the presidency of the neighborhood poo picker uppers organization
trump quote we must not announce troop number fuck you people are retarded you have open borders and an attack on free speech and you are cheering killing mountain goats < number > miles away
i have a real question to all you girls , do y' all sneeze when you pluck your eyebrows , or is that just me ? & #
128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
carbonated vermin kitty soda
@yourdudeferg gay fags
hi been looking round for a while on this site and finally got round to registering .
nice to see a place where we can openly discuss our beliefs .
best thing to do is go along to a blood and honour gig .
there is one in london in 2 weeks .
my husband identified as straight before me !
i came out while we were dating and he was super accepting .
when i dropped similar hints as you to him earlier on in our relationship and he reacting similarly to your boyfriend .
i do n't wanna get your hopes up , but there is hope .
good luck to you !
i have < number > arguments about why white south africans should be welcomed as immigrants these are not the prime motivators for me but i think they are both cogent and presentable to the racially unaware
a race that has lost its will to power has lost its will to survive .
my dad says : if i wanna be cool , i got ta use drugs .
he 's a coroner , fwiw .
i guess you do n't own property , or if you do , you 're rich .
you 're a fucking moron and you deserve everything that your shitty wife does to you .
this is what you get for killing people of faith .
suffer you american scum .
what do < number > conspiracies and genders have in common only a couple of them are real and more fake ones keep being created
well , too bad for the cab driver that he was speeding - and the victims .
seems like the victims did n't act responsibly ?
were they high ?
should n't speed ; should look carefully before stepping out on a ice street in the dark .
cab driver guilty because he was speeding .
case closed .
now for the negotiations with the insurance adjuster which will benefit the victims - and their lawyer - thousands of dollars ... that 's for sure .
no more beans cafe for them ! -
for awhile anyway .
i just asked a < number > year old about pewdiepie using the nigger word in a video his reply was who cares i agreed with the sentiment and congratulated him on his common sense
i got acid in my eyes white bitch in my ride
@judgejules75 @forwomenscot @victoriapeckham @miss_leeze @gordon_struth @mumofc @redqueenrising @maitlis @scotgov in the uk a male doctor is required to have a female chaperone when carrying out intimate examinations .
this too is been disregarded by some males who i d as transwomen .
it disregards female patients protections , consent issues , safeguards & best practice .
url
aw wook at the widdle faggot twying to shit post it so cute yeah you are gon na have to do better than no u if you want to keep going with this otherwise you get confirmed for retard
if you are attracted to zendaya you are a lesbian hi dykes
anyone know who made the false rape allegation against olly cox of biggin hill , kent ?
gay men tend to work & pay taxes too .
but we do n't want those sorts here .
he does n't need to read the bill .
if it 's from the gop , he 'll agree with it .
depressed guy makes post in r / askwomenadvice , gets absolutely shit on for being an ugly male
to me , [ nigga ] is like a bro term .
a term of endearment .
i will never forget how one of my coworkers looked me dead in my face and asked me do you wash your hair just because my hair is in braids does not mean i do not wash it you small dick white bitch
i respect equality so much i beat women so they can have the same punishment men get 💯
i think about riku 's stupid play minecraft mine diamonds tweet every fucking day
in australia , people hate to give jobs to local men without that much experience 
 .
stfu this they job stupid bitch of course it 's fuck 12 when they killin innocent / unarmed black people and harass our community everyday so fuck u and 12 🤷 🏾‍ ♂ ️
this man is completely self - absorbed and irresponsible .
he defends himself with various excuses and even has the nerve to say he feels ' betrayed ' by his former associates whom he believes only regarded him as a friend during ' the good times ' .
he stole from his associates , emptied the trust fund of a disabled client and took the proceeds of a house owned with his former ( now disabled ) wife .
and he feels ' betrayed ' ? ? ?
jail time is needed when a person shows nothing but self - pity for deliberate and repeated theft , particularly where he held a key position of trust .
normally , a lawyer would not speak to the media about an on - going legal matter , but he did so in order to present himself as ' the victim ' .
amen .
trump supporter are still waiting for the ongoing investigation of clinton activities to be completed .
some times wheels of justice grind slow .
< user > < user > < user > that funny bill clinton actually raped women and hillary made sure those women were smeared as homewreckers and sluts
in the video miley is talking about every representation of women and telling us that any women ( with the birth scare , fat , black , trans ect .. ) are important and beautiful , no matter what , she is talking of it does n't matter if we show our vagina or titties we are not an object and we need respect and we are all free , such a weird deep meaningful video ❤
what do you call a dog with no legs ?
it does n't matter , he 's not coming no matter what you call him .
that will teach her , and all other women , the ' mens gods ' wants you all back in the kitchen .
this patient is like x school is full of black people ghetto stop right there bitch self hating fuck you do not get a free pass to say racist shit because you are half black
seems a little paltry does n't it ?
what 's the best part of punching a tranny in the face ?
you get the pleasure of punching a woman but with none of the guilt .
green nigger on standby ready to bring freedumb to iranians
and would it kill one of these fucking cis girls to just once call me a woman ?
is it that hard ?
am i too disgusting ? ?
help me understand ! ! ? ?
men are depressed get raped harassed and murdered everyone … someone talks about women getting harassed everyone what about men 😡 or do you just not care about them 💔 all you care about is women 😔
oh , i would never date a bisexual .
i 'd always worry they would cheat on me with a guy .
plus , they are n't seriously gay , they are just pretending to be because it 's ' hip . '
it not rocket science to see the link between mass immigration from shithole countries and london gang crimes london has been swamped with low life african refugees and the pakistani muslim supremacist mayor is hardly going to speak out or do anything about it
about urban containment : canadian cities are extremely low density .
for example vancouver is the same size as paris , approximately 100 square kilometers , but only one quarter the population .
there is a lot of room to increase supply of homes by densifying .
dense neighbourhoods provide many amenities .
we live in a medium density neighbourhood , and everything we need is within walking distance .
we have door - to - door public transit to downtown , universities , hospitals and shopping .
we rarely drive .
it is madness to provide farmland or any greenbelt land for new construction .
there is no need to free up land for development .
knock down the thousands of old bungalows that are barely livable , and replace them with townhouses .
this is already happening in vancouver , but more needs to be done .
that and taxing speculation and preventing money laundering .
when you have your toddler son threatened with rape and being " torn apart " by a mentally ill homeless woman who is one foot taller than you and outweighs you by 75 pounds , i might have more sympathy .
there is no double standard when the " catcalling " is violent , threatening , and done by someone who could easily overpower you and threatens your child .
unless you are a very small man , you have no inkling of how terrifying that actually can be .
taking out iran only helps zionist jews and would create a larger refugee crisis
the nz flag referendum was the opposite order . (
1 ) which is the preferred alternative flag ? (
2 ) do you prefer the existing flag or the alternative chosen in ( 1 ) ?
btw , it was a 4.5 magnitude earthquake that hit the bay area .
# whitepower ... i'll hang you nigger
rt @ceoo_97 : & # 8220;@posltlvevlbe : a loyal girl truly does come with a smart mouth & amp ; arguments , only a hoe will let you do as you please cause she&#8230 ;
niggas is faggots 😂 😭 slime
he reached right down to the bottom of the chum bucket .
i do n't know that in my definition of agape love i would say it 's ' opposed ' to sexual love .
transcends maybe , but not opposed .
for me personally , the transcendent issue the church needs to address is relational love as the different genders view it .
there can be no real encompassing ' truth ' about marriage or sexuality or glbt issues when women are completely at the mercy of men and like their open gblt counterparts have little to no say in the development of these doctrines .
father martin 's bridge building will fail if the foundations rest on men controlling the entire conversation .
a un representative ?
means a con .
or criminal herself .
un is a criminal organization .
ilegales have no rights .
good point have been learning russian since my last gf she was born in saint petersburg and really think i could make a productive living in either st p or moscow but the language is a bitch
i m proud .
i am lgbtq+ its hard but worth it
seriously do you even know one person that eats sheep ?
they are predated upon by trophy hunters , stupid men and women with something to prove by hanging somethings head with horns on their wall .
i have a dream that i can hang a few stupid people heads on my wall one day ... there is a place where you can go that actually lets you hunt humans , and damn , that must be so , so satisfying if you can pony up the quarter million bucks ;-)
< user > serious points for using both hillbilly hell cabal in the same tweet
the fuck 's up with the bot saying white people ca n't comment ?
watching unbelievable netflix the rapist has a copy of the ethical slut unbelievable
this gratuitous bashing thing you 've been accused of practicing . . .
is that like whack - a - mole , only with narcissists ?
in australia , people hate to give jobs to local men without that much experience 
 .
fuck trey gowdy and his cowboy hat mashed hair 😂 that faggot has been all talk from the beginning
@cam_coles you do n't know what i know .
name somebody colder , you monkey faced immigrant
easymulch : gwmag : rt themontydon : gw tonight - cordon apples , lilies , cabbages and kings .
8.00 bbc 2 . :
easymulch : gwmag : rt themontydon : g …
why does the president hate our freedom ?
or the author actually is paying attention to real - people 's stories of not getting proper information ....
me to me bitch you stressing me tf out
what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench ?
the nba .
what badly needed " services " do we need to import from the u.s. ?
the only thing i can think of is entertainment , and we pay for that only out of courtesy .
it is all available free on the internet .
good luck prosecuting canadians for piracy without any kind of an agreement .
i see america has n't stopped underestimating the people north of 49th since 1812 .
canadians are a resourceful and self - sufficient people .
we will do just fine without the u.s. taking advantage of our good nature .
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
need a citation regarding how obama set race relations back .
the real reason you say he did is because a black man got elected , and racist republicans ca n't abide by this fact .
hi racist !
ca n't pay for that thousand dollar top or bottom surgery ?
well no worries my trans friends ! !
jump right in !
< user > < user > if saying nigger to someone makes them respond violently that person has no place in society violent animals belong in cages when is the last time you heard kike or faggot or any other slur as the basis for violence words are just words sticks and stones etc
" black men and women in denver are twice as likely to die from gunshots — and five times as likely to be murdered by gunfire — as white men and women " 

 and why do you think that is ?
perhaps it 's that they commit more of the murders and crime than whites proportionally ?
perhaps it is that their communities foster this type of behavior ?
perhaps they need to look inwards and fix the problems with their own communities and people , rather than blaming everything on the white man for once in their lives ?
really ' not me " .
.
show me any place where you have verified or substantiated your comments in this chain of comments .
the kettle calling the pot black .
.
trump 's revitalization of american manufacturing has ended .
after eight executives quit the council trump shut down the council .
he did this even though he stated he had executives chomping at the bit to replace those that left .
.
why , trump stated “ because they 're not taking their job seriously as it pertains to this country .
we want jobs , manufacturing in this country .
if you look at some of those people that you 're talking about , they 're outside of the country .
they 're having a lot of their product made outside . "
they are " grand standers " . (
truth is so does donald trump , his goods are made where ? )
.
why the sudden change ?
it could n't be because these executives do n't support trump 's position on charlottesville ?
i believe they saw him for who he is and walked away .
facts and i can verify these comments if you wish gene .
yeah , those schools have been taken to court by teachers and other who were fired for no other reason than they got married .
the ccc you traditionalists love so much says that homosexuals should not suffer " unjust discrimination " , a statement honored more in the breech than in the observance .
john , 

 homosexuals should not suffer " unjust discrimination " .
i agree , but is n't the employee who does not agree with jesus ' teachings on marriage discriminating against the catholic school / church by forcing them to go against their own mission .
( in other words , teach that jesus said , " you have heard from the beginning that a man shall leave his mother and father and cling to his wife and the two shall become one .......... " and then condoning the actions of teachers in a same sex marriage .
i believe when an employee of a christian / catholic school , university / organization / institute , etc .
does not agree with its teachings / mission , they should not take them to court because of their beliefs .
racist tweets should probably contain statements about race in order to be racist in nature .
smear merchant hacks .
hello decided to start posting thought i , d say hi i ' m from midlands uk .
allie , when are you going to stop generalizing people ?
first you associate yourself to " us " , then , it 's nd , and now distancing yourself from " here " .
you need to stop drawing lines in the sand and be part of all of it to include , you , me , us , them .
i am for equality in the law for all people white black red yellow and blue .
homo 's hetero 's well i draw the line ... http://t.co/ugzyrtkabw
say this to my face , pussy .
someones catching an ass beating .
we can not predict the next mythology - but we can predict ( it will ) open mind to the mystery of the universe & amp ; mystery of one 's self ~ campbell
" if you do n't believe in jesus i 'm going to stab you in the face " .
url
... just make up running on the ' men ' tears of a notalent@$$clown when fearless leader went golfing instead ;)
they hate young boys with morals and father figures that can protect avenge them there is not a tranny in the us that would go camping without a shower mirror if you search for gay camping every place has air conditioning as recreated summer camps
congratulations !
welcome immigrant ! !
we are a nation of immigrants despite all the noise today b
" suck my non existent dick ! "
-new to 4chan and apphumans   -a resident shitposter   -extremely offensive   -tumblr and reddit do n't interact url
y'all date these broke ass females and think we all some leaches 😂 😂 😂 url
closeted gay men who make a living as professional catholics , constantly calling half the country ignorant racists ?
they 're the really odd and sad ones .
there was no " populist anger " here , nor has there been " populist anger " at any time .
that is simply msw 's code for racism .
how very lame , how very dishonest .
a bunch moved into my aunt apartment in portland and turned it into a ghetto structure mostly able bodied males sitting in doorway all day year long < number > hours can be overheard constantly making dope deals on their cell phones just sitting there acting tough cool thanks again liberals
man , you are a real dumb bunch .
normals , why makes you think life is worth the effort ?
sarah huckabee sanders at wh press briefing : james comey " gave false testimony " 
 — ace
why did full blow porn just pop up on my tl 😒 which one of you niggers
suck a dick and die
trudeau fears ( gasp ! )
political discord ? ?
the more the better i say .
let 's say it in a song , everyone .
remember the ol' dean martin hit , " that 's amore " ? (
hear deano sing it on youtube ) 

 " whennnnn the ... 
 merde hits the fan 
 be it scandal or scam ... 
 that 's democracy .
( back up singers ): that 's democracy !
when the protesters shout 
 mps posture and pout ... 
 that 's democracy .
( back up singers ): that 's democracy !
when folks argue and whine , and you plead , " peace would be fine ! "
'cuz excuse me , but you see , it just happens to be our ... 
 democracy ... 
 that 's democracy !
all my friends are having babies and i 'm over here , having to give my fish away cause i 'm a fucking awful pet owner
thank you that what i think too we are white spanairds are white hence hispanics are actually white and asians are yellow and africans are black there only < number > races
of course he said ' no ' to you .
men are shallow and weak - minded - you 're not going to get a boyfriend unless you wear high heels instead of your converse and low - cut tops instead of your t - shirts , and stop acting so independent , nerdy , and intelligent .
start acting like a proper girl or get used to being alone .
i lived in texas when i was younger , i know how tough some things can get .
` ` rasslin animals '' is half the fun
my chick badder than your basic bitches
once again , toggle - switch thinking .
what do you think of environmentalists ( presumably people who place science above all ) who stand side by side with native groups who want to " save ' an area from development , because it is " sacred " ( and yes , in a truly spiritual sense ) , and was the home of some great animal spirit ?
it would probably be easy for you to answer , if the natives were also conservative , but then there are those environmentalists who are standing with them , surely they are n't also conservative ...
@kirrii23 angry dumbass , slutty gay , chaotic bitch , tired thot
@demonica hellspawn so because they are not white , we should treat them like the dirty brown garbage you think they are ? ...
how do you sleep at night ?
do you live in mississippi ?
it 's almost as if there 's a border crisis and we 're being overwhelmed with illegal aliens .
who pays for this ?
< user > so did the nazis
the politicians need to keep feeding them to keep up the numbers which will eventually come here and vote for them .
hi : 
 should any added tax move made by the government come as a surprise ?
legalizing cannabis is nothing but a tax grab behind some smoke and mirrors .
there will be an added tax on chips and brownies next .
go long on frito - lay(subsidiary of pepsico ) .
equality , freedom , and human rights .
it is such a beautiful things .
0:42 that nigga got a full on beard and mustache
if you take my gabs seriously reread them because they are supposed to be ridiculous
i am sorry to hear that about losing your job well after reading all of these i went out walking cuz i was pumped to kick some ass .. heh ...
< user > okay faggot
same story .
she is just forcing girls to have sex with her .
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
eating dirty crab - eating ! ! !
kluna tik dinner # 79
while some of his implementation can certainly be faulted , he at least gets that the communications industry in canada is grossly protected and abusive of their position .
when the us giants can bundle internet / phone / cable tv for $ 100 per month versus what would likely be double that in canada , there is something not quite right .
we also have the highest wireless communications in the world .
i understand the size of our country , but it seems something is not quite right .
his heart is in the right place , sometimes his mind .
unfortunately it is accompanied by a fairly large ego which gets   in the way .
two out of three is not bad .
suck and cuck is the chad way to suicide
if western men had kept their women in properly terrified awe of history most deadly warriors they would not have needed to import malnourished inbred sandnigger jihadis to terrorize the feminists for them if you can not beat down a misbehaving bitch hand in your balls fuckislam feminism
polls shkw that if the election were held todar ... an overwhelming majority of americans would b very sarprised
truth is , hydraulic fracturing ( " fracking " ) is fairly new to ak .
less than 40 wells on the north slope have been fracked and bluecrest is the first application in cook inlet .
keep in mind , this is not conventional drilling / fracking that industry will tell you they 've been doing for decades .
we are talking high - volume slick - water hydraulic fracturing .
this is a massively more industrial , toxic laced technology capable of inducing earthquakes .
alaskans have a right to know , demand serious oversight and have input .
ill have you know i ve had 10 girls eat my shit you little faggot
yes , you are .
< user > both my ashkenazi parents took dna tests and it showed that they were both < percent > < percent > ethnically jewish my dad even found out he has some sephardi in him the other < percent > < percent > in them was north african no white in the mix there
" " " the first thing a future world champ needs to be taught is to be lucky .
and luck is a woman you must learn to seduce . " " "
shutup fag & # 8220;@mraugustaisina : on some real shit , females love a real nigga like me ! & #
8221 ;
i see that the talking points have been sent out already .
you are not the first to have posted an almost identical comment .
saw a lot of that in 2015 .
all jokes to the front niggas be queer
but about to bring all the ghetto ass shit uptoen 😝 😝 😝
more of the same , and frankly this reeks of some external influence , shopo or otherwise .
one individual gets almost 75 % of the written support ?
come on . . .
based on this ridiculously absurd statistical outlier ,   public input should be taken with a grain of salt when evaluating the applicants .
lets hope this does n't become a farce that ends up being used as justification if / when he gets hired .
like the hoes when they lay w/ me .. puppy eyes when i go , sayin stay wit me
anyone who ascribes to the will of islam and carries out the evil deeds of isis is the very definition of * " terrorist . * "
this maniacs ignorant family has no clue what radicalization tactics muslims use .
this animal was killed by good guys with guns , and the sooner they 're gone , the better .
thank you to all the people who ' ve responded here , and to those of you who ' ve sent me pm 's about it .
that was the most beautiful coming out video , i almost cried .
the talent eugene holds is unbelievable , and i am incredibly proud of his courage .
the story in the choreography is so meaningful and beautiful , it truly hit my heart .
this is art , and there is no other way to describe it .
( i 'm muslim , and not quite sure how to take the lgbtq+ community , but i will never do anything to take action against them .
i will love anyone , regardless of who they are and how they classify themselves .
we are all humans , and all deserve to be treated like such .
that 's what i believe the word of god is . )
my promiscuity was encouraged , then they called me a tramp !
women challemge me .
grrrrrr .
that white guy is a snake
if said in a statement along these lines : " i 'm not gay , but i support gay rights . "
is it still hurtful ?
i think i 've written along the lines of that before and thought of it as an equivalent of " i 'm not a woman , but i support women 's rights . "
now i 'm not even sure if that 's harmful .
i 've meant it as " even though i 'm not part of this group , the need of improvement for them is so obvious that even i can see it " .
amazing i was expecting disney to make mulan a black chinese girl .
like all the rest of the live action remakes lol .
what kind of asian are you idk bby hut something between abg and white washed
did you just say the fuck word ? ? ! ! !
i will beat my tiny dick to your ass getting gangbanged the shit out of if you don't stop fucking swearing you cunt .
goodnight bitches ( with a lisp )
why are there so many male rapists out there ?
because the females do n’t have the balls to do it themselves .
< user > < user > fool we do not do this stuff on an everyday she was out of line for during that to them white kids just do not act like it a everyday thing with us
have you travelled to other countries ?
if you have you would understand how good we have it here in canada .
governor snyder 
 sir , what these two cabinet members did is in - defensible .
by standing for them , you are opening your administration to a further erosion of public trust .
katie , thank you for being who you are and what you do .
every thing citizens can do for their community makes a difference .
the results often wo n't show up on the cover of the rolling stone but add up and that , after all ,   is what counts .
allah will punish them
the last proudly stupid man president we had was w. 
 that did n't end well .
enough of your pot stirring kiszla .
i am taking a knee when it comes to your articles from now until the day i die .
have you ever met kaepernick outside of football ?
i have .
the man is an imbecile and treats people outside his little circle like dirt .
i 've witnessed it first hand on several occasions .
you call it " blackballed " .
i call it " the talent does n't justify the circus . "
@redgreendidymus @scrowder no problem .
you have my permission to resume smearing your own shit on the wall and masturbating in your own filth .
you fucking inbred .
whatever , faggot
psa : stop fucking calling every joke original “ eh meh , original asf , look at me i ’m so cool , dad can you give me attention now ? ”
< user > hot take incoming more racism and sexism from minorities than the white majority in this country
despicable human being , sex acts with toddlers ?
i 'm so glad they caught him but worried about all the potential victims he may have had contact with .
sick sick sick twisted man and any and all like him should be beheaded !
yes i know that 's not ever going to happen but it really should .
i 'm just glad he 's not a free man anymore and so thankful for the fairbanks airport police .
illuminati evil zionist jews that have their satan evil energy inside them to tell demons in them to be absorbed by source creator
@wes_vl faggot
you woke it problematic that heidegger was associated with the nazis me based that was basically the only not bad thing about him
whew !
glad to hear it .
good for you and good for your wife .
btw , there are churches for whom acceptance and community in christ are paramount .
we baptize , marry , and ordain people as god made them .
how do you who live in the south of ireland feel about the refugees being allowed in without letting the irish citizens know and what your thoughts on that foreign leader trying to make abortion legal i like ireland and do not wanna see it go down the shitter
can i just say , i love women of color representing democrats .
women are fantastic organizers and the fire and passion that they have from coming up in an american context is always so good .
rep. bass started with exact citations and is going on a fantastic and substantive thread .
sorry i 'm just jazzed from the squad lately .
bet you wish this phat ass was sitting on your pathetic loser face .
$ end # tribute while you stroke your tiny useless dick # findom # femdom # ass # facesitting # cuckhold # sissyboy # humliatrix # homewrecker # blackmail # 420domme # spoiled # bratty # cuckhold # fincuck url
perhaps , science , health , agriculture , architecture and   trade are also legacies of colonialism .
perhaps we should have looked at the living conditions and attitudes of the indigenous peoples before europeans came to north america before condemning everyone else .
< user > < user > illegal immigrants aren ’ t americans
i have bought three dresses on this trip they are all white and black i guess the lesson to be learned is that unconscious patriotism practicality
these hoes do n't like a nigga they love my money these niggas do n't like a nigga they all want some'n !
http://t.co/iugyrimr4d
call him what you want but do n't assume or think you can force   him say any different about you or any other sjw .
do n't think you can shut   down his right to free speech , and i guarantee himself or anyone with a similar view will do nothing to block the right to yours .
we 're all smart enough here to see which group of people love playing victim .
it 's not the peterson side   that loves those cards .
" coyote news " 

 the continuing expansion of these hairless , two - legged beasts into our territory has driven many families and individuals to seek habitat wherever they can find it .
the only positive side is that they bring with them these well - fed docile little furry critters that make a nice meal for us when they are let out at night .
this is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior , that because there are no ` ` red letters '' about it , then homosexuality is not a bad thing .
< user > same for white nationalism and fascism that ’ you
if humans are 70 % water then africans are only 30 % human
i did n't even know she was transgender , cool !
she looks fantastic
clueless boomer jews do nt want refugees because muslims hate them
it is useful for annoying police in britain and ireland , apart from that ...
eating dirty crab - eating ! ! !
kluna tik dinner # 79
was it really " the second largest earthquake on the planet " in 1904 ?
it seems more powerful events occurred in kamchatka ( m 7.7 and m 7.5 ) and in bulgaria ( m 7.5 ) .
actually " the shark " is sating his i d.  

 given the number of vulnerable geriatric prey in these environs the temptation to remain is immense .
natural selection at its finest ...
i think antifa blm and the rest of the culturalmarxists that use violence to shut down people exercising the 1 stamendment really take advantage of the fact that we do not stoop to their level we need creative ways to counter though minus the violence
and obama hung out with white ppl in martha vineyard on holidays not in the ghetto imagine that
maybe it 's because lesbians like vaginas and you do n't have one , or maybe because you still look like a man .
international conference on open and innovative education ( icoie 2017 ) https://t.co/vlxyy2dxvt https://t.co/j7ecs4vg12
the rounds i used to use in my 5.56 would cut through trees a foot thick and quarter inch steel like a hot knife through butter .
most vehicles are over maintained as all the preventative maintenance does is benefit the final owner .
if you are only averaging keeping a vehicle for five years then absolute minimal maintenance is the way to go .
save your money as the vehicle will make the 5 year 100,000 km mark with only oil changes and then only at 15,000 km intervals .
keeping a detailed maintenance record showing every little service that you do religiously per the owner 's manual might add $ 100 at best to your trade in value but will have cost you hundreds of dollars more .
deport every muslim trash and banislam
leftie americans say arabs are white leftie brits say arabs are asian so the left really does believe people are transracial or is the left complicit with violently criminal arabs
fucking college parties above ur apt is fucking suicide fuel 
 maybe ill call the cops on those fucks
the speech every 2015 college grad needs to hear [ x - post r / manosphere ]
how about the truth .
that 's something coal miners would like and respect .
coal is a dying industry .
coal mines have earned a large , good place in history .
natural gas is taking over for one reason only , money .
it 's cheaper to build a gas electric plant than a coal plant plus cheaper to run .
omg india plz do not bomb my college kmdc north nazimabad block n karachi sindh 😭 😭 😭 😭
kelly khumalo is the definition of a strong black woman .
but even strong people get tired too .
people are so mean , they do n't care about how what they say to other people affects them .
i honestly worry about her mental health .
this is heartbreaking .
😣
congratulations to the southern colorado safe streets task force !
that 's a lot o ' dope off the streets .
why do you hate your own people country , culture , and community ?
learn to be proud of being a white man and i guarentee you will have a wife and house in no time .
continue to be a brainwashed koch / soros soyboy puppet and you will live as a depressed lonely male feminist forever .
hey at least cute girls will tell you how special you are to them ... * as a friend only *
do not give money to foundations you will be paying for rich blacks to have the delight of white women
thanks for the # rt !
@marshawright @prettyfru @cgm807 @poesravenlady @axelmojave @wallabemu7_62 have a great week !
< user > i love my muslim brother ☺ ️ ✌ 🏻
tweet # 7162222221733345429024 i wanted to say fuck an oreo and love me all day .
i just did half way and realized .
rap is gay but sorry for party rapunzel .
i fuck the most black girls the @nfl forbids rebroacasts of this telecast ibg vs the cool worlds is a japanese trademark
i went to target tonight and got essential oil and nail polish have i reached peak gay
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
hyperbole much .
you 've simply pulled out yet another list of talking points that have no material support .
putting a halt ?
no 
 far left agenda ?
that 's the majority of voters that did n't vote for trump 
 and from you stand it would even include a good number of trump voters 
 bring law and order back to the nation ?
you 've been watching way too much drama on tv , too much alex jones , too much rush .
you live on the planet earth .
it 's time to get back in touch w / reality .
lena dunham poses nude to encourage people to love themselves more .
hmm .... nothing like unhealthy amounts of disgusting belly fat to make one feel good about one 's self !
🙄 # liberallogic    url url
if the shoe was on canada 's foot , if we had been attacked and thousands slaughtered on our soil and many more around the world for decades , i expect you and all the other knee jerk trump haters would be demanding our government limit the risk of further attacks here by heavily scrutinizing anyone coming from countries where the majority of terrorists hail from .
security 101 .
i think the left have lost all sensibility following the loss of their queen hillary .
a woman with a 40 year track record of lies , subterfuge and deceit , and the # 1 cheerleader for a serial adulterer , rapist , money grubbing , butt grabbing husband , king bill .
no , we paid for a bunch of men to try to prevent women and girls from making their own choices .
full stop .
he told me to start studying german in the summer , reassuring me that its not too hard and that it 's similar to arabic
" i swear my face hates me .
it 's like " " oh you have a special event tomorrow lemme just have a few thousand pimples pop up " " :))) putaaa "
< user > why only muslim india will not allow any illegal immigrants irrespective of religion there are far more countries where christianity is religion of majority do not give it anti muslim or any religious colour india is open to any muslim who wants to live here as per land of d law
bisexual ?
should be ' trysexual ' .
they 'll try anything as long as it feels good , you know ?
it 's like , where does it end ?
just stick to one , either men or women .
one second it 's men , then it 's both , then it 's animals and children .
as i 've said , i 'm happy to debate any issue , but tire of your ad hominem attacks .
regarding names ..... many sites require ( and verify ) real names .
they do this to weed out internet trolls .
it 's extremely effective .
people do , indeed , post both more civilly and more accurately regarding facts , if they use their real names and are , thereby , publicly accountable for their posts .
i must admit that , with the new format , your posts are n't quite so crude .
if you used your read name , they 'd probably be even less offensive .
nothing quite like a little accountability .
if all the roof top plantings were food gardens or complex ecosystems then this would be great .
however , there is nothing to prevent the required green space to have auto - watering with pesticides and artificial fertilizer to maintain a minimal planting .
lock this post if you like sucking big black cocks . (
bbc )
should n't mulan be played by a caucasian man to be equal and fair to everyone ?
stew , you hit the nail on the head - end the dictatorships .
i.e. the elephant in the room that is ignored by axeworthy et al .
if we accept the figure in the article there are 22 million refugees , and somehow they are integrated into other countries , tomorrow there will be another 22 million refugees .
what is needed is a policy by the un ( but not likely with china & russia vetoes ) to handle dictators who are committing genocide .
but in practice it will have to fall to nato but then trudeau , merkyl etc have there heads in the sand .
what is going one here
the feds should get out of the lending business .
it 's obviously an abject failure .
alas , taxpayers are providing the profits for the for - profit , private schools & enriching their wealthy shareholders .
some of this information may interest you .
( copy to browser ) 
 http://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/esp_weatherwar.htm
yes you are . (
we are . )
i can ’ t wait to be in a relationship that makes people constantly think to themselves “ why tf she with that ugly ass nigga ”
if i hear one more straight white boy say faggot or the n word
nasty women who hate to see a pretty lady on the tv or in the papers this does not offend me one bit very insecure people in this world sadly
the reproductive skew – the extent to which a single male versus many males sires offspring – is much higher among bonobos than it is in male dominated and more aggressive chimpanzees manly chimp gangs ration pussy bonobo wimps let it all go to the pop star cult leader ghetto drug dealer
uncorcumcized people are the saltiest bit of losers lol .
sorry girls cringe when they see your disgusting smelly dick ✌ 🏼
contrary to the popular misconception , canadians   really do want reconciliation .. white canadians want a finalization of these grievances so we can all move on .
native and aboriginal leaders actively try to prevent it from happening by moving the goalposts with ever - spiralling demands for more money for things that nobody today is responsible for .
native leaders refuse to admit the many terrible things natives have done to each other over the centuries .
actual reconciliation would end the lucrative white man guilt industry and that will never happen .
reconciliation is just a big word that sounds noble , but means nothing .
it is not the money we are upset about but the entrenched stagnation .
there 's a surprise .
< user > < user > < user > < user > stop the harassment
not sure it 's worse than the next ice age we were supposed to get .
could you imagine the impact on humans from an ice age ?
we 'd be eating each other ... and not in a sexual way .
the religion of death , these beasts deserve nothing but what they spread ... #
sleeping alone is ghetto 😭
if your dick game so good that i 've to do this typa stupidity stay the hell out of me .
wut ?
since 1984 ?
you realize you made a horrible mistake then right ?
i had co - workers with gics that paid out 20%+ interest into the late 90s .
also bond funds crushed it in the 90s .
i had a bond fund that made me over 10 % a year for quite a while .
there is no such thing as free parking .
okay but realistically speaking i am way better at dealing with heat than the cold arabs be like
notice - no scientific were cited , you can easily find vets that say the opposite and " experts " are a dime a dozen .
who does not have ed , but has tried cialis ?
daint get that snapchat filter that looks like a mask ye do n't look cute ye look like ye in the middle of a sars pandemic
first off--- how can a latino possibly vote for a man that characterized all latinos as rapists and criminals ?
makes one wonder about your self - description .
second , we are n't electing bill clinton--- the candidate is hillary clinton .
her great sin ?
she stood by her husband , as her religion asks her to--- and indeed as all christian ones do .
when trump bankrupts this country , as he did six businesses , whom do you think will be left with the bag ?
no , not his business partners .
it will be hard - working americans .
bush .
romney .
trump .
daddy 's boys who were born on third and think they hit a triple .
guys who never had to admit a mistake , listen to criticism , or heard a word spoken against them .
surrounded by lackeys , they believe they indeed are great .
if you loved where w left this country , you 'll love trump .
no , if you reserved 95 % of the seats for men , you 'd be shut down .
if you reserved 95 % of the seats for women , you 'd receive the order of canada .
build an immigrant ghetto next to his retirement residence
hell , there are concerns current legal documentation around birth technically might prevent men ( also non - binary people ) from accessing government funded pregnancy care .
i do n't know if the paperwork i signed for my midwife last year was fraudulent or not .
you look like you would suck off a thousand men for attention and still feel alone because of your inferiority complex .
when you 're such a soy boi beta bitch that you get scared of a girl .
xd have fun trying not to look like the sexual predator you most likely are , given recent patterns .
url
things i am scared of : 

 small red lights in dark rooms .
drive through carwashes .
large spiders .
not being able to afford blackmilk .
thinks about how angela put a recently revived genji in that outfit that blatantly exposes his chest and arms
porn is just the way the jews are trying to stop whites from making more whites you ca nt get your hand pregnant and it turns young men into betas
greetings , i understand you explained why you refer to the term wackadoodle , however i disagree with the use of that name to identify us as believers , we and you are not wackadoodle , we are sons and daughters of the most high god .
but anyways i love your videos , god bless !
hillary 's pay - to - play scam with the clinton foundation - while she was secretary of state - really was treason .
among those " paying to play " , were the royalty of qatar and saudi arabia .
hillary 's destruction of official laptops , phones , and other devices , and associated records was treason .
her incompetent - at best - handling of seriously classified information was treason .
the political left could sell tickets for a fun - filled evening with the house of saud , with the theme " you wo n't believe how we do n't even allow women to drive , let alone vote " .
the opening act could be a house of saud comedy -   " we executed almost 200 people by beheading last year ! "
one of those people executed was a man convicted of - wait for it - the crime of " witchcraft " .
and somehow trump has committed treason ?
flush out your headgear , mark ...
more like black curly hair and black skin .
jewish males and queers in general routinely practice coprophagia
listen dirty bitch slut , i know this video will make you lose what was left from your fucking head .
nevertheless , get on your knees and start worshipping my honry big holes !
url url url url
did you fall for the devout christian part ?
i have no doubt you realize there is no such thing , the bible makes that quite clear , i am sure it went right over your head .
uh he wasn t a kid and i am positive heaven is not being turned into a nigger ghetto
cummings schiff engel we are committed to protecting witnesses from harassment and intimidation and we expect their full compliance and that of the department of state
thanks for 270 followers !
make sure to follow if you wanna enter my giveaway ! !
sorry if your not canadian i can only make it in this country
dion , what a man !
i think the biggest problem i have with it is that there 's too much of a reliance on wow services for an external mechanism .
cooperate who the hell is looking for cooperation it is either true or it is not you will not even admit that black violence is wildly out of proportion
< user > hey there imgs with white backgrounds can be pretty confusing to distinguish maybe it an edge case but it took me quite some time to figure out that i need to click on the very edges of the post to see replies suggestion
white people vs black and brown people will be race wars on the earth
unbelievable !
what did the gender fluid teenager get for christmas ?
ignored , the attention seeking twat .
new the justice department is reportedly considering making it easier to deport immigrants who use public benefits reuters
< user > american citizens are also getting tired of news like this everyday knowing the dems support these illegal aliens
because shooters were gay and tranny
good riddance !
excellent piece !
now its time for liberal trolls to start tearing down a decent man .
x100,000 bycatch ...
never let anyone tell you whom you can be with .
understand , if you do go the interracial route , your gon na get lots of negativity from your people , and other people as well .
it 's just ignorance , but a fact
.@memberofcongress please protect funding for @nationalservice and @americorps !
communities in need are counting on you .
i would say bro since no one responded that s not a good sign hehehe talk to you soon and i hope your brother is doing good !
" @catgirl7771 //okay cool// " " that 's good ... " " shuts his eyes happily and a happy smile was stuck on his face "
what do < number > conspiracies and genders have in common only a couple of them are real and more fake ones keep being created
this is the argument homosexuals use to justify their behavior , that because there are no ` ` red letters '' about it , then homosexuality is not a bad thing .
going to be doing a stream on nick fuentes this kike faced faggot soy boy shortly only white nathionalsit are welcome starting in < number > minutes or so kick nick soy boy nick patrick 2020
i personally could care less what donald trump said about anybody ten years ago .
i care about the problems we are having today as a result of eight years of obama and the democrats have nothing of substance to attack him on so they have gone to their plan b which is character assassination as always .
you do n't think that bill clinton has said much worse about women ?
got a newsflash for you ladies this is how men oftentimes talk when there are no women present .
it has nothing to do with who would make a good president or not .
hillary clinton is a serial killer needs to be put in jail with her pedophile rapist husband .
gary , bill clinton is a rapist , he rapes women , he was thrown out of oxford for raping a young girl , since then over 30 women have come forward accusing him of rape nothing donald trump could do would make bill look like a choir boy you dunderhead get real
well said .
the ones who turned a blind eye to alaska 's impending financial crisis over the past decade or more by doing nothing to rein in spending - the republican imperial majority - will be the ones to scream the loudest .
they have no courage or honor , unlike gov. walker .
ugly whore
john r fernley , aquarium trader : do you sell endangered hawaiian seahorses ?
ever ?
an idiot child who thought his nazi fan boy ramblings were nuggets of gold
pretty girls ugly faces proves we deserve a ' hot ' women , as we lookmatch them when they do n't wear make up !
but just because it is illegal and — as much as i hate it — have very bad punishments does not mean that all arabs think the lgbt community is bad some tolerate some support in silence just like everyone else the topic is quite irrelevant though but it
everyone of y' all niggas i used to know suck mad dick fuck every single one of you
we should act like comrades 
 sometimes i find posts here and everyone want to be offensive and bitter ... 

 we all know the blackpill is real , but can we stop the toxicity between us and actually start supporting ourselves like brothers ?
@bitchmarck imma shove my long ass balls down your throat nigga
my chick badder than your basic bitches
" i usually throw invisible flowers while saying " " death " " before i do the things that make me nervous ... and i realize that 's fucked up . #
wtaf "
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > that funny i can not for the life of me remember even one circumstance where any democrat sided with putin kim jon un nazis white supremacist or the kk
< user > i jus don ’ t think it should be in a kid show 🤷 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️ ian homophobic but i ’ d cancel it too
" useless piece of gay shit " would match better .
it 's a sad day whenever elected representatives have no time for their constituents .
by the way , did taxpayers pay for reps to attend this conference ( or whatever they 're calling it ) ?
i 'm fine with gays , and i 'm fine with lesbians , but it 's the people who ca n't decide that bother me .
like , the ones who ca n't decide which ones they like more , or what gender they are .
you have to pick a side people !
that ugly bitch is disgusting , holy shit !
" rt @drumnurse : " " that 's fucked up " " ~me trying to console someone&#128563 ; "
you mean deep , analytical thinkers like rosie o'donnell , who does n't know that fire forges steel girders ?
or like kathy griffin , who thinks a severed head is civil political debate ?
or like those wonderful leftist congress people who thought that guam would tip over if you posted more troops on it , and that men had landed and planted a flag on mars already ?
those college educated critical thinking masterminds are what you want our young men to learn to be ?
< user > 😂 😂 tell me about it they have been co opted by immigrants that why 🤷 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️
< user > sorry islam law lied everything
" it was we , the people , not we , the white male citizens , nor yet we , the male citizens ; but we , the whole people , who formed this union , " anthony said in her new york address . "
and we formed it , not to give the blessings or liberty , but to secure them ; not to the half of ourselves and the half of our posterity , but to the whole people – women as well as men . "
said susan b. anthony .
there are many reasons for a " trump " candidacy but it really all comes down to " white males " and the threat to their so - called " superiority " .
the reality is the " white majority " . . . .
will no longer be the majority in 5 - 10 years .
and when the " white " vote is split . . .
minorities control who the next president will be !
without the appropriate training for police , there will continue to be no advice except for the personal beliefs of the officer .
dear @shireenmazari1 is your baby w - h - o - r - e sleeping with uncircumcised indians these days ?
url
@rudraakshii @thevict0ria bloody feminists , never take the responsibility of their actions instead blame men for all their bad doings fuck off .
i really admire the lgbt community for the hard work and inspiration .
< user > if this country was founded my muslims it would be an oppressive religiously intolerant regime it would be iran
ai nt none of them kids really mj 's man show me a true blood jackson that do n't look like all the rest of the jacksons.it 's like 1000 of em
texas thunder you found your fuckin dick faggot
a man was knocked over by a truck in buenos aires last week and killed .
was n't that francis ' former city ?
the pope is a murderer ! !
you 'll need to do a bit better , patrick , what an imbecilic comment .
i do not know about you but i have never considered sweden an ally so what if they are overrun they deserve it so do their smug coal burning women sweden role in this is to provide an example of muzzie immigration
yo mama what ’s your best yo ma ma joke ?
# whitepower ... i'll hang you nigger
< user > strong words for a white boy to be telling a native american
watch out john those rat jews love to play in with stool shit he just may take you up on that 😐
marxist bolshevik elements on the left have clearly indicated via various news reports that they will resort 2 any form of violence if necessary they really do not care how they r perceived by the general public < user > point all they want is 2 preserve their obamanation at all costs basedstickman
.@memberofcongress please protect funding for @nationalservice and @americorps !
communities in need are counting on you .
is there anybody left in their ghetto that disagrees with them
personally i favour fat camps exercise dietary education and fat awareness are the way forward in the future white ethnostate fast food outlets will be forced to sell healthy food or be taxed out of existence feel feels will be mocked and ridiculed 🐸
< user > famous for killing an immigrant
i want the campaign promises fulfilled send them back build the wall moslem ban repeal replace obamacare
you want to see some hate .. open the cult manifesto
this family that wants to complain about gays should come to san francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in san francisco openly blasphemied christ with their parody of ' the last supper ` ` as their poster for their last event .
before anyone passes judgement i wanna let it be known that i m < percent > trailer trash
fantasy ?
what 's fantasy ?
be specific .
what 's similar between cooks and trannies they both cut the meat
woman : caitlin jenner is so beautiful !
man : well , it 's a good thing you look just like her !
woman : * offended *
wowwww is nothing sacred fuck this guy !
hope he gets aids himself what an awful person
eat my dick   i do n't have a dick
men have ruined hugging for fucking everybody . #
hugs # men # awkwardmoment
there is nowhere in the new testament aka christianity that advocates violence of any kind islam is not an abrahamic religion it is a mockery of it
i 've only seen prices coming down .
i ca n't wait to see this marijuana apocalypse you speak of when marijuana costs more than diamonds .
hit me up with an " i told you so " when that happens .
you all still be cuffing the hoes tho so
you 're going to old compton street ?
you want to be careful , it 's queer city up that way .
psa do not i repeat not trust your lily white ass cheeks to spray on sunscreens
trying to sort my whole life out today before the chaos of working 40 + hours and studying for 25 hours a week ensues ... & # 128564;&#128564 ;
i love alt j but i think it ’ homophobic for a white man to make me listen to alt j
can you guess the top 10 cities where “ downtown ” is making a comeback ?
https://t.co/srtmkhnlj0 https://t.co/9fvbqztb3s
sadly it may be true i am just not around them to notice normal women are the one i know i am grateful
@johnpavlovitz they would n't know jesus if he was in front of them .
jesus name in their mouths is a blasphemy
yeah a snipper would love that welcome .
lol
i wanna wake up , go to work , come home help my son w. his homework , make dinner , and get fucked by my nigga # wishfulthinking & # 128106 ;
put the thesaurus down incel
i think he was referring to the donald .
man do n't those lgbt folks scare you ?
what is bibi going to rail against with the black man in the white house who has armed him to the teeth including with f-35s ?
just 'cause he did n't let him bomb iran and start even more terrorist activity ?
enough already !
* antifa member firebombs ice facility and is armed with an ar-15 .
wrote a manifesto using cowfarts cortez idea that detention facilities are " concentration camps " .
where is the left on condemning him ?
cue crickets ............ *
< user > ditto i do not know how white targeted retailers will stay in business once whites refuse to go out of fear i am not in the shoe industry but i would guess market research would show the market for rockport shoes amongst the ghetto folk to be less than robust
once i get comfortable around you you ’ re gone think i ’ m fucking retarded lol
no matter what the job is there is gon na be bad apples , and they are the ones who make the news .
no one cares when guys spend there own time and money to go play with the kids in the low income areas to try and build those relationships .
hey girl are you my dick cause i m about to beat the shit out of you
you do know that his base includes blacks and other minorities .
i will be intrigued to read how you deny that reality .
naturally immigrants tend to be stronger than guys born in america
there feelings cloud logic .
they are willing to vote for someone as long as they say nice things .
that 's all they care about , and since the media does n't talk anymore about hillary calling black men " super predators " they do n't know she has said racist , sexist things .
the normal narwhal noticed and named while the nocturnal narwhal nodded and nodded . #
normalnarwhal # nocturnalnarwhal
nigger please you do not have the first clue about anyting other than what white people tell you the same people that think you are a joke and uneducated house negro have you taken a moment to listen to yourself you are a shitass on top of that
what do you call it when a tranny gets mangled in a car crash ?
a gender bender !
ca n't trust these hoes ... and when i say hoes i mean dudes to
i do not understand why she apologized faggot is a wonderful word
as pierce pointed out the glorious day is coming when a republican will never win the presidency again and the white middle class will have to confront the reality of < number > million blacks
i fucking hate gemini 😂 that it that the tweet
a # freespeechplatform just allows more freedom of expression than others , with less fear of reprisal 

 you still ca n't say whatever you want , to whomever you want , whenever you want 

 there are always those pesky little things called # laws 

 why ca n't supposedly " intelligent " people understand that ?
yep the us census bureau officially classifies arabs and jews as white
nobody actually cares about having a lot of something if it is not any good people only really care about quality people want the quality produced by white majority countries but it not magic it time and effort unfortunately they are also run by evil pathological megalomaniacs
bisexual people do n't exist .
gay people just say that so they can walk down the hall with a girl holding hands .
i hope ontarioans are nt that stupid to fall for this one .. 

 ohh wait a minute .. they elected here in the first place .. along with the selfie boy pm and her main man , butts .. 

 i guess they are that stupid ...
it 's funny how it 's always white people shooting up places but they 're the first to say they wanna deport mexicans bcs they 're " dangerous " and all " criminals " lmfaooo okay 🤡 url
the only thing sand niggers like more than blowing up buildings is pretending they did not do anything by now they should be out of buildings and rotting in the hot desert sun
@charliekirk11 if # omar thinks america is so terrible , she should go back to somalia .
in black ghetto talk nuffin here
i ate dan because it raped me on minecraft
to be sincere , i believe that are things that distort so much what you were , what you are at any moment and could have been in the future , that they can only be forgiven by god .
the most i can hope is to forget and do not feel any resentement or feed any desire of revenge .
to ask more than that is a kind of " angelism " .
sack the govt of @mamataofficial apart from her murderous misrule ... she has turned bengal into a terrorist haven .... do nt delay this anymore ... enough of hindus being killed ... do nt wait for another kashmir type cleansing .... url
all you bitches can suck my dick fr .
no funny
< number > government agencies work muslim community they are so sick in the head that the social care budget gone london black and muslim youth given millions because they stab each other to death
in liberal utopias everybody is an exception everybody is amazing all things are equal no matter what the only blanket statement to be made is that blanket statements are bad and the only exception to everyone being amazing is that white men as a blanket statement are all evil
< user > yes chuckster legal immigrants made america not the gimmes of today
@nathancurrell @vickyveritas are you upset she , nor any other woman will have sex with you ?
go back into your mother 's basement , and cry alone .
you mean parked on both sides of maunakea , mauka and makai of hotel , while the cops themselves are congregating in the downtown sub .
sometimes there are so many hanging out that they park on smith st. too .
you would think the watch commander would be telling them to hit the road and patrol , but that ai n't the culture . (
please do n't tell me about report writing .
they have computers in their cars now .
they do n't need to be in a station to write reports ... they can do it from their patrol vehicles . )
i had the privilege of working with sue when she served on the umpqua community college board .
she was a remarkably dedicated and focused person , committed to making douglas county a better place .
why can not women be catholic priests because you can not shove a vagina up a little boy arse
hate a nigga that be in female mess .
that 's a bitch trait .
this is an allegation , not a proven fact .
if you look at the account , the parent was not on school grounds .
unless the student was a kindergartner , the school does not normally keep the child until an approved adult picks them up .
so , if the child was a first grader or above , they were free to walk across the street to the parent with the alleged restraining order .
to keep the child at the school against their will would probably be against the law .
this is much more complex than it might appear to be at first glance .
wow .
talk about a desperate attempt to sell wieners on the sidewalks of downtown ... i wonder what kind of back scratching flynn is getting from the lio developers for that vote ?
jr : dana milbank certainly has a good time on this one .
" american businessman , politician , and 45th president of the united states , donald trump , has used several pseudonyms , including " john barron " ( or " john baron " ) and " john miller " . "
from wikepedia .... 

 gary crum
damn right we are going to react when an < number > white country pushes non white actors everywhere
the last financial crisis did not happen goyim that s a retarded conspiracy theory that only nazis engage with the left i e the people who used to hold power to account are now shilling for the banks and pretending the financial crash of < number > is actually a right wing conspiritard theory
the bible will never evolve .
christianity as a whole will be left behind .
!
remindme 100 years .
idk why we expect men to be able to recognize gender bias in the workplace when they benefit so thoroughly from it both at work and at home .
i know !
let 's give gold stars and pat them on the head if they make a token statement !
or not .
men are n't corgis .
unfortunately .
url
might as well get a white history month and a men 's history month while they 're at it .
on behalf of all gay people , fuck off .
sure it was a ugly dress- she just wanted to be dressed ugly like most of the press there- women and the girly men .
i believe that every manufacturer uses the same thread for their dies and their die press .
what exactly is feminine about that man ?
are you a vet , a rhodes scholar , a candidate for president ?
you 're a fool that is what you are moron .
@darkotik98 _ @jasontokach2 @milsimnews like i 've states we have not forfeited we will accept terms for your surrender if you would like .
the fact that your money is going to oppress gay people and oppose access to birth control
hey guys , maybe if we meddle in the me again , take sides , supply weapons , send money , send food , rebuild the country after a long drawn out war and resettle anyone with a gripe over in america maybe , just maybe we will be loved 

 just like : 
 libya 
 iraq 
 afghanistan 
 palestine 
 syria 

 what could go wrong
these young women and men are just immoral , nasty , dirty people .
it worked ... he got closer to the imaginary deity in whose name he tried to preach to the sentinelese .
i think for some other loonies he 's a martyr . (
did i say that out loud ?
damn , i have to do better to conceal my distain for every form of organised money mooching ... erm .. religion . )
every black person wash off the toothbrush , apply toothpaste and then wet the toothpaste before brushing url
i am not so sure there was an open and shut case against them .
while i too am glad they resigned and spared all a drug out painful experience for all , especially the girls involved , there is a privacy issue in all this .
is what we text on phones considered private conversation between 2 people ?
were the phones property of the district or owned by the men ?
there could be an alternative option .
she might have a dick
1 )   read the cdc study linked above ... besides even if its 1 % change that 's hundreds of lives a year .
2)second , if you ca nt be bothered to stop for 3 minutes to save lives .... i just feel sad for you .
3 ) if you do n't like it , walk .
driving is n't a right , its a privilege earned by being a good citizen .
i feel like dealing with us dykes or studs is difficult 😭
out : emotion 
 me : nope 
 out : trump has enacted no policy toward russia that compromises america 's best interests 
 me : hummm .
we 'll see .
i do know that he 's broken / twisted / distorted many checks and balances ( too many to list ) 
 out : victim of the military special interests 
 me : both parties are guilty of this .
get private money out of our elections .
remember those days out ?
out :   they are betraying america 
 me : agree !
both parties have their ' special interests '   remember : rumsfield , cheny , rice to name a few .
they are traitors who put party first not country and are responsible for the deaths of many 
 out : why do you hate russia ?
me :   i do not hate russia .
i have studies putin and he 's scary .
i 'm sure russian folks are just like you and me ( except when it comes to driving , lol ) 
 out : you hate trump 
 me : no out , i do not hate djt .
he certainly does not have the interest of the majority and his ignorance is frightening among too many other reasons to list
why do dudes have to play the " you 're not serious , just wanting to fight " card when women call them out on solutions with ill consequences ?
he may have " little hands , " but he has an enormous sense of entitlement .
republicans post trump will deserve to be treated like nazi party members post ww2 it will be vital that we do this but we wo nt because we are a deeply stupid country your shitty jet ski salesman dad will just sit there collecting checks and hating faggots and brown people
< user > no ma am please do not twist the matter no indian muslim would be thrown out only muslim refugees would be shown the door after all muslims have < number > countries to go to while hindus have only one india see in this context
my parents used to beat me so hard i thought my name was the sound of a whip
hey , if a gay couple can force a christian who opposes homosexuality to bake a pro - gay cake , then why ca n't the klan force black bakers to create a klan cake depicting lynchings and cross burnings ?
[ xpost r / nofap ] most successful male pornstar talks about the influence of loneliness , disconnection and porn in his lifetime
standup purity spiraled iself into a singer songwriter ghetto so that talented performers like a bob hope are not considered real comedians cause they paid other ppl to write jokes for them
" suck my non existent dick ! "
-new to 4chan and apphumans   -a resident shitposter   -extremely offensive   -tumblr and reddit do n't interact url
tomorrow , 3 fucking pm est y all are paying for my fallen cheek surgery and heal the petals from hanahaki !
good points .
i have asked the honolulu city council to cut art and pr / advertising from hart ’s budgets .
a special budget meeting is scheduled for may 16 .
we ’ll find out then if any cuts are made .
< user > < user > you had no choice hilly baby you needed him more than he needed you the only thing hillbilly bill needed a woman for was between her legs and you never
mark romano ‏ two generations ago immigrants insisted that their children learn english now they insist that americans accommodate their languages
i wish i ca nt get on twitter anymore they banned me for fighting with a muslim who threatened me potus he needs to end twitter
in all fairness , men do n't go to starbucks .
it seems simple enough : have both real ids or other things that do not meet the real id requirements .
why is that not a reasonable solution ?
< user > jim sonny dykes sounds like a great vacation destination for lesbians we d love to hear more about it sincerely the wnba
ca n't help it as a white guy from la .
pete is my favorite player
' 
 ' 
 … uh , no , ... nothing about trump demonstrates that he might be deserving of any civility .
.
the man is a belligerent , childish , and ego - maniacal buffoon .
.
civility ?
not due in trump 's case , … the man is not deserving of any civility .
.
he 'd have to earn it back and there 's no chance that 's going to happen given his behavior .
.
< user > walk me through how gorka has been able to be trump nazi whisperer he and bannon have not been quiet about their roles to bring right wing christian white anglo saxon nations
+ monkeyman hamilton nigga u sound like a * troll . *
u the pussy since u ai nt bout to come .
did i ask for your shit ? ? (
which is probably fake anyway ) nope .
did u ask for my shit ? ?
yes u did .
n is u coming ? ? ?
obviously not .
so , who da pussy ? ?
exactly .
common sense , dumb ass .
do not you love when nazi wannabes complain about israel because hey like we do not want them here but we do not want them there either stupidity
no but whoever was meant to secure the leak is letting the whole team down for real
cultural marxism maintains that all human behaviour is a result of culture not heredity race and thus malleable cultural marxism seeks the takeover of education mainstream christianity the law finance and the annihilation of western civilization in general and white people in particular
on their next album , the band slipknot is going to have a song that is dedicated to the “ pulse ” nightclub shooting that took place in 2016 .
it ’s going to be called , “ pulse of the faggots . ”
do n't worry , i 'm sure no one will be like " what a great idea " until a dude takes credit for it . &
lt;3
oh whatever happens pls do n't let that gook doo 's ex hee ji ( n bong soon oc ) get caught by that criminal noo coz it 'll be too sad&#128557;&#128557 ;
what did the gender fluid teenager get for christmas ?
ignored , the attention seeking twat .
only annoying ass girls fishing for attention post dumb shit like this so they can have their inbox flood with messages
i support lgbtq activities l - let ’s 
 g - go 
 b - beat 
 t - the 
 q - queers
a thought for the day : “ be more concerned with your character than your reputation , because your character is what you really are while your reputation is merely what others think you are . ” —
john wooden
oh whatever happens pls do n't let that gook doo 's ex hee ji ( n bong soon oc ) get caught by that criminal noo coz it 'll be too sad&#128557;&#128557 ;
why americans would be bad castle defenders ?
because they ca n't defend their towers .
< user > < user > will ubi if passed apply only to citizens or immigrants on visas too
@fightlucifer @montagnatony add coal burner , and married to a cuck to your bio , you nasty , simian dna sucking thot .
that was nice and vague .
what apparently happened was that the parish had a doddering pastor nearing the end of his career , and a number of people - apparently a majority female - were effectively running the parish as they saw fit .
from what i have been able to gather from correspondents in both the knoxville diocese and nc , the only problem the pastor brought with him was the notion that he was the pastor , not a water boy for the ruling clique .
the existing party thought they could bulldoze the bishop , and it has backfired .
the " restorationist " label was applied by peter feuerherd to put a fig leaf on the reality of the power struggle , which has absolutely nothing to do with the ‘ 50s or anything remotely connected with an earlier time .
i thought taylor showed a lot in pre season .
good routes and some great hands , willing to fight for the ball .
what does he bring to special teams ?
latimer feels like a busted pick to me .
would love to see this be a break out year for fowler .
he 's a play maker .
virgil green as well .
you only know of them by what the tv shows you .
its not called a boob tube for nothing .
is this guy for real ?
.
all was ' peaches and cream ' in the muslim world before the europeans did .. what exactly - invented ' racism ' ?
and ' muslim identity ' ?
.
does he know how non - black muslims refer to black muslims ? '
abd ' , abeed - is n't that ' slave(s ) ' in arabic !
.
or , why is there a special ' treatment ' for kafirs ?
why were non - muslim taxed exorbitant amounts ?
why is / was non - muslim human deemed   dispensable in the muslim culture ?
.
and so on .
.
to write an article like this one , one is either ' an useful idiot ' or a willing tool at mullahs disposal .
cut off the dicks of all men in alabama
how does a woman rape a man ?
at first it 's hard but then it 's easy .
damn , choke me on that huge cock
just wondering are we allowed to slag # barkley off today cos he 's been fucking atrocious as has the 70 million pound man & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; behave ! !
i just received some texts that i should have gotten during the national championship and boy was that a rush to read
its a clone of nadler acting up they are notoriously unhealthy .
its god trying to abort him .
gods draining the swamp .
f nadler i hope he dies and his fam is burried with him like slaves were i egypt so his line dies off .
jane lee , you defended hawaiian women and men leaders of oha that do the exact same thing as this haoli man .
you call him pilau and an idiot but you tell machado to come home to rest .
how did you allow your comments to pass the civil test ?
wow .
she got the maddow dyke neck
good luck with no fap you fucking degenerate loser fuck .
you spend everyday masturbating over women who would vomit if they saw you .
you are a fucking retarded loser nerd fuck who spends all his time wanking .
good job fag
if he does something useful i was saving this or nigger pitbull shit eitherway
this woman is still a united church minister ? ?
the united church is already a laughing stock over accepting this self - professed atheist as ordained clergy in a christian church this long .
one may wonder about her true motives & if she 's in fact sincere & honest ( if misguided ) .
; cause this looks like a trojan horse style attack on the church by someone hostile to the institution , whose intent is treacherous though she does n't admit so .
a vegan restaurant would n't tolerate a chef believing in meat eating who admits he adds bacon bits to the house salad , & ham pieces to the lentil soup .
there are legit places for such chefs to create such meat dishes , but a vegan restaurant 's not one of them .
it 's just as absurd and inappropriate for a christian church to tolerate as clergy an admitted atheist presiding over one of its local churches .
there are groups where she could legitimately identify as atheist & preside over , but a christian church surely is n't one of them .
bon appetit ?
+ iridescent candle i 'll just give you an example here : 2 gay men ca n't reproduce .
now compare that with a male and a female who can , and therefore produce more humans for humanity .
one side can grow humanity and one ca n't .
the one that ca n't by definition , is degenerate .
in fact , the promotion of lgbtq is anti human by definition .
this is just wishful thinking .
two men in a lifelong friendship who happen to be heterosexual will also usually have wives .
relational sexual love is very different from friendship .
i 'm not even going to comment on the ' no act is more obviously human ' bit .
as for the adulterous bit , as usual the heterosexual male culpability is left out .
i guess she committed adultery with herself .
there is no male equivalent 

 there are many situations where being a white male is a risk .
but you will n   reject all   examples no matter how many are offered to you .
you are the sort of racist we have to fear because you refuse to even admit your   own guilt .
just a reminder than pansexuality is being attracted to someone regardless of gender .
gender does n't play a role , it 's just about the person .
bisexuality is being attracted to two or more genders because of their gender .
gender does play a role .
that 's the difference .
🤗
there not worth the risk around blacks never relax its always a nigger on the trigger
what do you get when throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtqbbq
blm member living in detroit baltimore youngstown chicago ny la houston or any city with a large crumbling poor dependent ghetto black men women and children lifestyle
fuck your bitch over my face and make me clean the cum off her pussy and your dick
this nigga asked me could i wash his clothes , tf yo clothes ?
wash em ?
tf outta here frfr 💯 i ca nt wash shit , do nt ask me for shit ong & no i dnt wanna fuck you foo bye 💯 💯
< number > pakis have been found dead in bradford it not terrorism related but thought to be due to a bunk bed collapsing police are blaming al ikea
islam has been tainted by islamic extremists .
what about the christian clergy who raped and sexually abused young boys and girls in residential schools .
and what about the horrendous sexual abuse at mount cashel orphanage .
as a result , should all christians be tainted by the same brush .
one thing is for certain , in all my years associations with muslims in many parts of the world , i have never heard a muslim swear by calling mohammad 's name in vain .
on the contrary , so - called christians in the west swear all the time calling god 's name in vain .
examples often heard are , " jesus f ... g christ , god damn it " .
this motion condemning islamophobia should pass as an example of unity in diversity .
it has nothing to do with the myth of freedom of speech .
freedom of speech has lost its integrity and is just an excuse now   to say anything which suits the speaker .
< user > < number > americans dead because of an illegal immigrant this is infuriating enforce our laws deport them
" " " boys are all assholes , but girls , girls can be evil . " "
women let 's fucking change that . #
13reasonswhy "
my experience with asian women has been s korean and thai girls are hottest , cutest .
comparison w/ the anime / manga and other films is inevitable .
the hero 's journey back from product to person is worth a look .
after you strip off his makeup and clothes , biologically he 's still a man " . "
it 's definitely not just a label .
whether you're a boy or a girl defines everything you are .
@lilnasx single handily beat racism .
oh , jeez .
cry me a river , snowflake doctor .
as the black knight says , " i 've had worse ... "
< user > < user > like nigga care
so are you gay or not ?
you ca n't be pretty gay " .
at the end of the day , bisexuals are usually actually homosexuals . "
bitchs stay running they mouth lmao y' all look so stupid
i thought your side thinks old white men are liars .
please stop being so erratic .
you have n't seen the godfather movies ? !
you are not really a man if you have n't seen them .
today 's insult : i ’m sorry , i refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person .

look at that loose cunt leaking loads .
that must have been drilled and filled by multiple cocks .
it 'd make a great gangbang whore .
😛 💦 😈 # manpussy # gay url
interesting way of removing bullets fam ! ! !
abby got that shit done & # 128514;&#128514 ; # fingersandthumbs # scandal # tgit
watch # tucker on fox 
 he is logical and consistent .
i ain t got paper in front of me nigga get your educated ass to itemize what i personally owe you and we will talk green until then cram it up your loose ghetto asshole
international conference on open and innovative education ( icoie 2017 ) https://t.co/vlxyy2dxvt https://t.co/j7ecs4vg12
easy .
the people you hate ?
very conveniently , god hates them , too .
till they get cucked by russia cutting off the gas supply and the us telling them to fuck off if they think they 'll keep being their army if they keep insulting them
way to go motherfuckers .
every woman in the us is now " fine " when you ask her .
the states will be set on fire , one by one , accordingly .
we will burn this motherfucker to the ground and not even break a sweat .
fuck you .
obey her mindlessly , silently , and without question . #
findom # femdom
they get what they deserve .
of course it 's a black college .
no room for whites in that gift ....
after the shooting in orlando .
< repeat > june has changed from gay pride month to gay died month .
it was more mainstream media bullshit to put the < number > white girls that were groomed gang raped and murdered by muslims in telford in the shade
imagine getting angry about a fucking easter egg hunt
tinder had shown me my place in sexual market 
 used two boosters , swiped right hundreds of girls ( probably over a thousand ) 

 got 1 single match ...... 

 from a not with a casino ad as a profile pic 

 i knew my looks are had but that is even worse that i thought , my pic eas shown to hundreds of girls and none of them showd any interest lol
or just wait until you have been busted with a car full of teenage boys and alcohol and you are already the county second most famous homosexual pervert oh lookee here i just found a get out of jail free card
i 'm so ugly when i first get up in the morning that i have a face that only a mother could love .
how dare these people demand justice .
just who the hell do they think they are ?
radir would like to see the perp given an award .
i think the sentence is too light , especially for a hate crime .
whiteskins are so stuped by xtianity they think jews are just fellow whites with bbn no they are different race sick of racists who do nt take race seriously
white men are not allowed to speak , or even think , about saying anything that is true and goes against the femi - nazi , neee -- gro , lying liberal democrat ideology of tyranny that the fascist democrats have pushed on this country for decades .
george orwell warned against such fascist democrat " thought police " activities ... and the lying , kenyan born muslim obama , has helped bring it to fruition .
all part of the racist , kenyan born muslim obama / george soros " legacy " .
that very rich philanthropist is a direct descendant of the one who shall not be named and heads up a very large islamic foundation that is committed to an islamic planet .
the more money he can get to spread his ideology the better for islam .
i do n't know .
i too have heard horror stories about va but i vaguely remember reading a independent source that said it was better than the average nationally .
i do n't remember where i read it or i 'd pas   it on .
i did have two heart attacks and a organ transplant and vein grafts done at a university hospital in madison which is attached to the va hospital and they share some doctors .
so i still do n't know .
i have known some vets who have hit poor times and they seem to be mighty grateful an dhappy with their care .
friends in canada and germany have two types of single payer and they would n't trade with the us health system on a bet .
they laugh at me when brag about how good my care was .
i would say that it 's nearly impossible to get a clear and accurate account from protesters and activists because they have no problem whatsoever just lying and fabricating things so long as they believe their cause is justified .
kingdom supporters are a great example of this , but more broadly , it occurs with activism in general .
gmos , telescopes , oil pipelines , these protests are n't even about the dapl in particular , they are opposed to oil and pipelines in general .
the protesters can not identify for me what makes dapl special compared to the 8 other pipelines running through north dakota .
you would think that there were some kind of special and unique environmental hazards from this particular pipeline that would justify all the interest , but there is n't .
it 's just a pipeline , and this is n't the first time a pipeline has crossed a river .
there is nothing special about this pipeline , aside from the fact that environmentalists have used it to push their agenda .
what happened to the mexican restaurant that was there ?
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
the lack of compassion expressed here by so many - i would say it is alarming , but it is n't .
it 's so commonplace now that its shock value no longer registers .
yes , she is here unlawfully ( and no , it is not illegally , the difference due to that violation being civil in nature , not criminal , but we wo n't let facts and things like that get in the way of the blood lust here ) .
yes , she committed a crime ( related to identity theft , which for what it 's worth , was n't a crime until 1998 ) .
one term that has n't been used in a while , or , allowed , is that big heavy thing that holds a ship in place , rhymes with rancor , plus baby .
those children are us citizens .
in so many other aspects of family law and elsewhere , the overriding trump card of justifying whatever is " the best interest of the child . "
the one major exception to this precept is immigration law .
in this area of the law , the best interest of a child apparently carries zero weight .
fuck whoever you want , just do n't be flirting with me if you got a dick .
... greatest giant in the world .. ? ? ? ? ? .....
at 25 sec film ... mystery of giant human skeleton ... https://t.co/fv903cs0mw
a nigga will hate you cause you moved on like bye bitch you ruined my life 😩 😩 😩 😂
trump 's voters are a scary bunch .
not all are this poorly\ educated but many are .
this pathetic white man is really not at all welcomed by the rich .
he is scum under their feet .
sad that he thought he belonged to the same country that trump belongs to .
the election saw millions duped by a skilled entertainer serving the rich .
i was kinda sympathetic until the author played the race card with " historical and generational trauma " .
do not make excuses for your high abuse and addiction rates .
if money is sooooo tight , where do you get the money to feed your habit ?
besides - the pfd is so " unreliable " ( widely varying in payout ) that only fools say it makes or breaks their year .
this is why men do n't talk about being sexually abused .
women always be crying bout some lil shit like damn it ai nt even got nun to do witcho
fuck you hoes and pussy niggas
all my friends are having babies and i 'm over here , having to give my fish away cause i 'm a fucking awful pet owner
wow ....... i just went through another grilling when giving comment feedback ...... 

 i offered a ' yes ' to a comment that was perceived by globe and mail censors , to be worthy of a ' no' ...... and this was my honest opinion .
i have been warned that should such happen one more time , my right to submits comments will be terminated immediately .
commenters ...... suspend all your opinions ...... the globe and mail will provide one for you .
the jews taught whiteskins that reality is a word game and the way you win it is to misrepresent it as brazenly as possible this usually means reversing reality with brazen chutzpah redundant you invert reality you gaslight suckers and you mock normals you keep this up for decades
again , were you part of the call ?
maybe he agreed to honour the deal in exchange for less currency manipulation by china ?
seems like you are very simple minded - but thank you for letting us laugh at you again .
when i was young my goal was to be like jane curtin on snl an ignorant slut finally realized my goals
what has four legs and one arm ?
a pit bull in a playground .
hahahhahaha i swear to god i can never catch a fucking break
@burlie towner .. why because trump loves the united states unlike you and the 4 skanks , right ? ?
nothing fake about this ?
the klansman is a thug and he is terrorising an innocent man .
the innocent man just appears to have the upper hand ✊ 🏿
hindus only see one problem islamic jihad !
hindus fail to understand agenda of christian missionaries they are destroying families
since it 's pride month , here 's a thread of bts supporting the lgbt community !
url
would you knowingly raise another man 's kids if it meant a(sexual ) relationship with the mother ?
i ’ m happy i came up around whites imagine being raised in the ghetto
i hate being the only one in​. the house up i feel like i need to leave cuz i ai n't going to sleep in time soon
you should 've been born with a vagina fucking pussy
kanye just be minding his own business an you all niggers go out of you all way to slander an hate
and what would that achieve ?
based on your profile your a big p*ssy anyway and would probably whimper if a women even glanced at you lmfao 🤣 🤣 🤣   go back to fantasy 🦄 land bud 🙄
cher says , " women are the future ! "
sounds sexist to me .
i mean , i 'd like to be the future too .
hate a pussy ass nigga
the deficit also ballooned under reagan .
what 's the difference between a trap and a feminist ?
a trap does something when triggered .
if we all were n't raised to believe feminine = bad i think more men would feel comfortable exploring where they might land on the spectrum too .
i think now more than ever men who would otherwise consider themselves " straight " are seeking other men for shmoozles and i think that 's great .
heteroflexibility is wonderful .
destigmatizing actions , items and behaviours we 've as a society deemed " feminine " can go a long way to helping women and men .
it 's what feminism is all about .
good for men and women .
get your freak on .
to the millions of men that are curious , but would literally kill to keep it a secret .
@vaugn ripen you need therapist .. or maybe 10 therapists .
clown ass bitch
well - we gew up in what is today called " free range " mode .
our father rough housed and we loved it .
but ultimately we did our own thing and would have been suspicious of adult intervention in our horse play .
i think the phenomenon is an instinctive behaviour that teaches children physical reaction skills and ultimately prepares them to fight should it be necessary - no " bullies " ever took over in our juvenile group .
with today 's helicopter parents and every life event worthy of psychiatrists and pills no wonder nobody knows how to look after themselves and the bullies thrive in the minds of the snow flakes .
great help for alaskan farmers .
hope they are left alone during the budget cycle !
meant nothing by it , was all i could think of atm when i typed this .
i 'm still learning about the lgbtq 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 movement , it 's a lot .
friend : : i 'm just not attracted to black guys like that .
me : : ... but your boyfriend is black .
friend : : not really .
she does n't consider her boyfriend ' that black ' because he is from the suburbs , his dialect reflects his middle class upbringing , he likes world of warcraft and does n't listen to rap .
ok homophobia .
raciest and that was hate speech .
you should have shut up cause now your white straight male self just got a report
it 's as if you are flying past a deadline today and you belate ... more for pisces https://t.co/ihrnqk4c4h
this is going to be a better finale than how i met your mother , one way or another .
# nfl wire : rays dfa nick franklin despite hot spring , making 2014 david price trade look … https://t.co/z1ojxg61ht https://t.co/hegn4pqk42
best comment yet !
do n't you know that the bullpen was supposed to pitch the last 4.2 innings while giving up -1 runs ?
i like hoffman 's potential but he was just awful today .
the only reliever who pitched today who needs to be kicked to the curb is ottavino .
rusin 's been magnificent and senzatela looks like he can deliver some strong innings in relief .
dunn had a bad outing today but he , mcgee and rusin make a pretty decent left side of the pen .
bronson , is your argument so weak that you feel you must resort to name - calling and making up false facts .
i 'm so sad for you that you feel that your position is so flimsy and without merit that you must resort to grade school playground bullying tactics .
do you realize that a part of the argument that the white supremacists of the committee of safety used to try to justify the coup d'etat which resulted in the deposing of our beloved lili'u was that hawaiians , as non - whites , were inferior subhumans that lacked the intellect and intelligence to govern themselves and so needed white men to govern over them ?
its so sad bronson that you should feel the need to side with white supremacist racists against your own people bronson , so terribly sad . :'(
what do you call a pre - op   < number >   transsexual who visits another city ?
a tourist trap
@darrenblowe @cumgivedaddisum you ai n't shit 😂 😂 but she has to be prepared for responses like that 😂 😂
that asshole needs cock !
i have nothing against blacks asians hispanics mixed but if you include them in movies or video games it forced diversity 😡 😡 😡 😡
< user > < user > what is wrong with white people can white people not be muslim you racist
too many want to treat the symptoms rather than cure the disease and stem its spread .
illegal aliens should be shown the border .
i do agree that in this case of 800,000 , where short term gain was traded for long term gain , that the children should be given an avenue to apply for us citizenship - provided that they have been law abiding .
the latter will be true in the overwhelming majority of cases .
but moving forward , a country must protect the integrity of its borders .
man of steel , man of heart tame our ways , if we start to devise something more something half ways
i was getting tired of cheesecake café anyway ...
check out @ihartbeat , giving the queer community representation in animation and film .
also watch @ihartbeat 's work on url and url # lgbtq # queer # animation # sims # sims4 # hartbeat # simlivncolor
thanks sylvia___s
eurocucks love to watch their wives get raped by migrants
this addresses the key factor of why we should say it and what is the problem the refusal of immigrants to assimilate into our current culture if they do not want to assimilate the why the fuck even come here they do it to live free off of us who pay
this mother fucking fic truly about to make me cry in the train .
long life to our nations long life to europe and western stop this white genocide fuck this nwo against our families our lands and our existence
looking forward to the queer celebrity conference this week on 6 and 7 june at @portsmouthuni further details : url url @uop_englit @englanguop @uopcelebrity @uop_sashpl @developmentuop @uop_history @uop_sociology @uophumss @uop_politicsir
trump the narcissist can not stop the pathological lying .
this man is seriously demented and should be removed from office .
fyi no one born in california calls it cali .
ever .
that 's just the worst .
got ta go , me in my 9 year old toyota need to go back to trying to drive up cost of living in our neighborhood .
( * drives away shooting tech dollars out of my exhaust pipe )
< user > your actually gon na get raped by bayern bro
ya got ta love emo people ... if you do n't they 'll kill themselves and then suddenly you 're the bad guy
their only crime was being born in the wrong skin
no - one gives a fuck about rap .
foh with that bullshit fool .
you 're in the wrong neighborhood .
👻
all in the name of a god that does n't exist .
what a colossal waste of brain cells
in ontario kathleen wynne just mortgaged the farm again to the tune of $ 14 billion in interest alone   so people can turn the lights on tomorrow with $ 1000 hydro bills   because of her disastrous green energy scam .
is this what he is talking about ?
i stand by @undergroundbby .
it is absolutely shameful what merkel has done to germany the poor women and young girls being attacked in the streets i do not understand why someone militia has not risen to say you will not rape my wife and or my children this is where i make my stand
i doubt the story will be updated .... i have n't heard anything more about the guy killed in park hill on albion and 38th last week , or the guy killed at the bus stop at the intersection of colorado and colfax last year .
nor are there stories about white failing to improve the dpd and get more than 50 % of cops to actually leave the police building and go to work , as hancock hired him to do ... instead of holding elected officials accountable , the post makes excuses for them and hides the information most relevant to its readership .
at the same time , there is no shortage of mindless broncos and rockies stories to distract , or about some guy who bites a cop , or anything else that does n't require effort , focus or much thought to write .
deadass y' all sleep on him for no reason he 's a talented lil bean who deserves the world and everything it has to offer
question why has the sub now got nsfw tags on everything you ’d think it would be common sense not to click on a post in dark jokes while at work
jemele hill is a racist .
always has been , always will be .
however , since she 's a black woman , her liberal company would never dare suspend her in the current political climate .
had she been a white male and said something like that about the last president , she would have been promptly fired and branded an evil racist that should never be hired again .
hill ( and her co - host ) ruined sportscenter .
the ratings are in the toilet , down 20 % from last year .
it used to be " this is sportcenter " and now it 's " yo yo homeboy , dis be sc6 y'all " .
i wonder why people stopped watching ?
we paid 25,000 for a life flight from bethel for my hubby 's heart attack .
if people with medical emergencies are charged people who need rescuing should be charged .
these people needing rescuing make their own situations and cost a lot of money .
i care because we alaskan residents pay for it !
she 's a hoe .
she 's practically a hunk of meat .
treat her like she treats herself .
we 'd have less people like her if you treat them like the trash they are
the french government position is that france is made stronger by the immigrants it is bribing to leave porter
new testament do you even read any idea why christian women cover their hair until < number > but i say unto you that whosoever looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart matthew < time > yes this applies to dispensationalists
pretty much everyone have more than one race floating through their bloodline ... my dad took a dna test through ancestry.com a few years ago and we were surprised to found out we have some european and british ancestry in our bloodline .
you would never know that because we look completely african .
which magic wand can only make men disappear ?
pregnancy test sticks
justin may do the same thing in canada .
as a gesture of his support for feminism .
yawn , 

 you really need to get some new material .
the msm , and the rest of the lefties have saying that for over a year and trump was so stupid that he became the most powerful man on earth .
so how ’s that been working for you ?
choir boy looks like an incredibly important play for historians of black religion and sexuality in particular . #
tonyawards cc : # twitterstorians
rogers is wrong .
instead , it would be better for flake and the other republicans to leave the gop and start a new republican party that returns to real republican ideals : 
 1 ) strong fiscal conservative .
this does not mean tax cuts , but instead , no deficits , except during war time , and even then , work to prevent it .
who started personal income taxes ?
lincoln .
2 ) investment into our nation .
who pushed railroads around our nation and invested into reconstruction of america , along with expansion into the west ?
lincoln .
who created the national park system , finished the panama canal , created the modern us navy , hated large businesses ( esp those too big to fail ) , pushed food esp .
meat inspection , balanced the budget ?
teddy .
who created the national highway system , nuclear energy , nasa , darpa , and balanced the budget , desegregated the military , and pushed the first ' civil rights ' bill which assured voting rights ?
ike .
we need true republicans again .
@chrism1th @dominicmalmonte like homosexuality was ever directly connected to incest
oh rth ,   you just crack us up with your juvenile and uneducated view of the world .
btw , we did have people in hawaii just like trump .
they were called the sugar barons .
yes , dumb , fat , uneducated white guys like you thought they 'd bring riches to the masses .
never happened .
but now , you guys are just simpleton magaphants being exploited by the new class of sugar barons on the mainland ( think koch brothers ) .
good luck with your downward mobility .
good .
i hope bombardier goes down the toilet .
sweet payback for the liberals and mayor of montreal for putting up so many roadblocks to energy east .
if the west is going to be unemployed , might as well have some company from the east .
suck your dick .
were you ever alright looking and something down the genetic road went wrong ?
i support lgbtq activities l - let ’s 
 g - go 
 b - beat 
 t - the 
 q - queers
someone slap her bitch ass
" it ’s the quality of his answers that is the problem here .
so he was as bad as usual . ”
like the entire government .
very vague at best .
completely clueless the majority of the time .
someone forces a brown cock into a woman pussy omg we need to take action this is unacceptable fucking culture that disrespects women buildawall someone forces a white cock into a woman pussy boys will be boys sluts should not be drinking why did not she fight harder
5 kids with 3 wives makes you a patriot now ?
and you all say gays have ruined the sanctity of marriage .
friend : : i think he likes me .
me : : well , he 's really nice .
friend : : i know this sounds bad , but i do n't like black guys .
me : : umm , what .
i do nt get it ?
i 've seen you with black guys before .
friend : : i mean making out and hooking up is fine .
but i would never date one .
i just think its not right , my parents raised me that way .
does that make me a bad person ?
me : : no , but it makes you ignorant and disrespectful .
what if he wanted more than just casual sex and making out ?
are you just going to reject him just because of that ?
friend : : i just do n't want a black boyfriend .
me : : what s the difference ?
friend : : its just weird , and awkward .
its not right .
i am a black female , and it made me feel really sad because i 've been let down by guys because of being black . "
i do nt date black girls . "
its horrible .
< user > < user > revenge for eu not helping turkey to look after < number > million bbc figures refugees
so basically you want someone to come to you and let you best them .
you are a faggot and a pussy
and do not get me wrong either i only have a few muted i did not enjoy another clown telling me that sharia was the only way and women should submit or die i do not have time for that shit especially with a household full of ladies including the cat
yo a weak ass weak ass weak ass bitch
what is the celebrity term for transgender ?
transjenner
@brireasons thank you & # 128522 ; they 're stubborn and very blonde , but i 've never tried vitamins to help them , so now i might
it crazy how we wait for these niggas to get they shit together but no nigga ever wait for us to get our shit together
bradford long , u r a douche !
none of the protest makes any sense !
the rams recievers did their hands up do n't shoot bullshit   over 2 yrs ago & i stopped watching then .
any nfl player that goes along with protest bcs he is worried about not being pc is a faggot they can all be garbage men like the fathers they dont know or never met .
phuc'em !
we are in a war , jusris .
it is being waged at us to make us cave .
do n't cave !
tump is us , he has god on his side , so does hannity .
hollywood is going down , and hannity 's movie is going straight up !
everybody else is gone .
think about that .
the left is imploding , the msm has imploded , hollywood is over , hillary is going down everyday , and we need to stand together .
" we need to stand together , or we will surely hang separately " , just as benjamin franklin said !
i fucking hate you but i love you i am bad at keeping my emotions bubbled you are good at being perfect i am good at being troubled
easymulch : gwmag : rt themontydon : gw tonight - cordon apples , lilies , cabbages and kings .
8.00 bbc 2 . :
easymulch : gwmag : rt themontydon : g …
today 's insult : i ’m sorry , i refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person .

" sports : shaggy praised for " " being a bastard " " on personal youtube channel . " "
it 's just bad manners " " says witness . "
noah only a true faggot would 've replied to my comment lol
so , women have no control over their own uterus in certain states , but somehow it 's perfectly acceptable woman in charge of nuclear weapons .
nobody should be in control of nuclear weapons to begin with .
once again , an idiot is trying to control women .
# yesallwomen are unsurprised when men think murder is fair retribution for getting turned down for a date .
how can anyone who calls themselves " christian " support this vile and profane man ?
they must bless the p***y grabbers in their services now .
god is s'posedly all powerful yet desperately needs money to do his work in this world ?
and lots of it .
and some of those who raise the most money " for god " are obviously evil .
religion is a sure sign of gullibility .
the opponents and protesters , of course , will want to keep all of   their government benefits , healthcare , infrastructure , etc . -
as well as the huge handouts to certain groups of " special " canadians .
the magical money needs to come from somewhere .
unless those irrational people are walking or biking to the protests , they are total hypocrites .
thanks to the sensible comments about his article .
heard a rumor that a muslim shot up a bunch of people in virginia beach this week with a handgun ca n't seem to find it on the news though .
the problem is that despite of their relatively small % of the population , statistically young black males commit most violent crimes , leading to under the table profiling , unconstitutional or not .
there are no winners in this case , one person is dead an others lives are destroyed .
we have to find a workable fix to break this deadly cycle .
< user > sorry that paging dr faggot does not land anymore
you end this post with " aloha , " yes there is clearly no aloha in your words , which are misinformed and slightly offensive .
do you know anything about the noaa fisheries observer program ?
i suggest you call up john kelley , the pacific islands regional office administrator for the program and talk story with him about what it is the noaa observer program does .
fyi : the observer program is responsible for one of the only and the largest , most comprehensive data sets on the pelagic fisheries of this region that exists .
they are the people on the ground who collect all of the data that then goes in to stock assessments - the basis of the entire scientific process for these fisheries .
furthermore you are misinformed about the nature of the hawaiian longline fishery and where " the scientists " stand - if you ask any fisheries scientist at noaa , they will tell you it is one of most ( and best ) regulated and sustainable commercial fisheries in the world .
i have entered into this discussion with gary before - he insists on holding trump accountable for everything that he has done in the past , which to some degree , he should .
but i am willing to give the guy a chance , see how god 's truth works in his heart , and also to how this awesome calling will humble him .
i notice a change already .
give the guy a chance , he has clearly done some stupid things in the past , but have n't we all ?
another lame response from the intelligentsia of the limbaugh school using the revisionist conservative dictionary .
liberal means freedom .
fascist means dictatorship .
melding the two is an oxymoronic attempt of an uneducated brain to extol the virtues of der fuehrer / il duce trump as the new hitler / mussolini merging nationalism and militarism into nazi / fascist dictatorship .
more traitorous conspiracy has never befouled this nation , but the blatantly stupid rabble follow blindly into the abyss of the freedomless pit .
one thing about the different labels attempting to soft - sell the same ideology -conservative , tory , fascist , nazi , royalty - they all boil down to the same dictatorship rule of the greedy / maniacal few over the many .
history shows only revolution will stop it once they gain power .
< user > sit tight and stfu degenerate uneducated faggots
the benefactors are none other than the white monopolists - rupert and his pocketed journalists
come on satin pluck these idiot 's from america trump2020
bf : you are my drug .
gf : aww , you ca n’t live without me ?
bf : no , you cost too much and ruin my life .
reminder you are retarded
we should kill a white person every day until the grenfell residents are housed in mansions huffington post blogs
since you guys are opposed to miscegenation , i wonder what you think of yourselves being mixed .
i wish i was high right now i just want to be chilled out at work and i 'm not & # 128530 ; a good 6 hours to go ! ! ! ! ! !
as well as the scientific community , the world health organization , and anyone who 's done even the slightest amount of research into what gender identity is .
knowing that gender identity exists on spectrum is really not that complicated , or new .
small head big body , small dick big big virginity
if men are allowed to wear dresses why am i not allowed to say they are men ?
thoughts on programming , number 20 : a ship on the beach and forming an ideal target for nazi bombs ; but the men and women on board them neve
free speech is not good certain opinions and speech should be illegal punishable by several years to life in prison and for especially heinous hate speech death penalty so shut the fuck up faggot
kill em all put them hoes to rest 😂 😂 😂
@khurafatichopra @indianexpress sikkimese people are indians as well & it is pertinent that their conviction that nobody can get away by making anti - india statements of such nature , be it a sitting minister , is strengthened further .
i express my heartfelt gratitude that you took the time to
nazi wack a mole lmfao your funny gay nazis 😂 😃 😄 😄 😅
i hate them .. ever since i once got beaten up by 6 of them .. real hero 's since then i because nazi
ca n't talk w / males , ca n't grasp anything more complicated than a video game .
@dylan_vadnais24 ca n't talk sports with females .. call me sexist
often , words become ' offensive ' only * after * some assholes * choose * to be offended by them .
never understood why someone feels the need to proud of their race at all .
you did nothing to earn it , you ca n't change it , it does n't ( should n't ) matter to anyone and if it does that 's their problem not yours .
if a person wants to look back through history and take pride in their ancestors accomplishments well , ok , but that 's not a personal achievement .
you could as well claim to be proud of your gender , or your height , and that would all seem pretty meaningless .
if we define ourselves by our colour , then others will too .
not a good thing in general , if history is any lesson .
standard sjw industry talking points .....
i wanna wake up , go to work , come home help my son w. his homework , make dinner , and get fucked by my nigga # wishfulthinking & # 128106 ;
it is interesting that someone can disagree with an author stating a personal experience .
maybe " griffin " was born to a missionary in whitehorse as well .
my grandfather was recognized by the kianii nation in alberta for his efforts , including his work at the local residential school in cardston .
i am certain that bad things happened there , it was a harsh time for natives and non - natives alike .
i would suspect that there was kindness as well .
< user > i don ’ t take self help or career advice from white men or most white women most are too blind to poorer dynamics
wrong .
he must have phoned this one in ... 

 http://profootballtalk.nbcsports.com/2015/11/20/peyton-manning-not-traveling-with-the-broncos/
what faggot uses your mom long enough to conceive you
feel free to point out the intelligence in your claim that germans have achieved nothing .
the trump tweets that mj cites do not question question victims of domestic violence rather they rightly < number > question the damage that unproven accusations of domestic violence can do to a person reputation and career < number > point out that the accusations have not been proved and < number > < number >
bigger story should be we now have a un amb who is showing the world america is back for crying out loud !
# maga # masa # pmpk
where they put these drunks is not your concern , it 's the white man 's .
and of course , more free stuff ( money ) from the white man will fix all !
the whole birds eating the corpses of disbelievers ( all 8 billion + ) seems like grotesque revenge porn : " see , y' all pitied and ignored us when we stood next to our carts , got annoyed when we interrupted your weekend with our life saving door knocking - who 's sorry now , huh ? ! "
fuck muslim immigrants when the shit finally hits the fan the muslim immigrants will run from our country i bet you that
|| i do n't want this account to die .
i do n't want it to be a rts and food pics account .
i do n't want it to be an only banter account .
i -
on their next album , the band slipknot is going to have a song that is dedicated to the “ pulse ” nightclub shooting that took place in 2016 .
it ’s going to be called , “ pulse of the faggots . ”
you know what to do faggots
just because i 'm gay does n't mean i like men .
i actually hate these nigga 's .. url
he said he was going to build a wetback wall keep erupting sand niggers out that was ample reason to grudgingly accept the things i did not agree with like his jew snuggling he was the vastly superior choice to all the cucks let alone to cankles
.
" trump suffers setback after court refuses to restore refugee ban " 

 -- 

 yet another well - placed knee to the groin of mr. trump .
he must be getting quite sore .
.
agreed .
i own chartwell , ( since 2012 , 1,000 @ $ 9.65 ea . )
also missed   buying chemtrade @ $ 2 lower than present market .
for industrials i chose chorus aviation and pure industrial reit - both pay high dividends and are unique .
if you are looking for a great book with insightful historical content read thomas sowell black rednecks white liberals an amazing book from a brilliant economist
i am laughing at burundi na tunaplay na waharabu kesho we prolly gon na get our cheeks clapped properly lmao
where them pretty fags at
ya , it 's the white guy 's fault .
" rt @drumnurse : " " that 's fucked up " " ~me trying to console someone&#128563 ; "
abuse allegations are bogus .
lbj needs to get out of la .
in two years i will have a bs in medical technology .
i truly believe .... tucker is on the right target ... i wonder when he hits a bullseye
i am going to give my fellow negroes some advice do nt show up at white christian schools trying to make connections show up at because you are trying to be a christian the romans originally hated the christians they burned them at the stake and they fed them to lions
let 's take it a step further and make it a requirement that all future rcmp officers have at least an undergraduate degree .
also , no more playing municipal and provincial police .
< user > god forbid black people tell white bitches about themselves 🤡 🤡 🤡 🤡
why transgenders want us to accept them if they do n't even accept themselves .
but buddha was born in nepal and everest is in nepal .
i love my country and i am proud of everything .
😌
best live topic i have seen on gab check out this fucking mongrel having to raise this is a worse toll than mudshark glasses
white boys b flexing their pics of them and a fish like we supposed to swoon over that shit
go shove a hairbrush up your ass homo
she 's a right - wing and right !
amazing !
what she is saying is absolutely true .
poor average white men , indeed !
stand up and be men , fer crissakes .
i want to know why we are sending our young men women to these sand nigger countries to be killed why we are spending billions over there and letting them come here to destroy us
@simplymarvlous @davidad13662163 @abc bitch , you do n't need religion to be against abortion .
you tell a nigga that we just fucking he hit me with the so when u become my bitch boy what 🙄
we can do 3 things in syria : nothing ; take out their air force ; take out assad with the assistance of the arab world .
damn i wish it was that easy new laundry detergent it will turn a nigger into an asian in < number > seconds flat
honestly i spent the first 5 or so years of being bi ( so starting at age 18 or 19 or so ) feeling this way but that has slowly changed .
not that it matters since i 'm in a ( mostly ) monogamous relationship with a woman .
but if something was to happen and we broke up , i would not exclusively date women i think .
i 'm just saying that these things can change over time too .
indeed .
to paraphrase winston churchill , a golden curtain has descended across canada from sea to sea to sea , separating the rich from the rest of canada .
while the establishment drummed up fear of the economic consequences if quebec separated from canada , the rich were separating from the rest of canada .
moreover , the rich took their " separate reality " even further by separating their money from canada , stashing billions away in tax - free swiss bank accounts and the cayman islands .
that 's always been the ways of the british - divide and conquer , fool and rule .
kill yourself tranny lol
well it is up to you how you spin it , i stick to the church 's teaching .
lots of muslims working in vancouver 's craft drug industry ... might be worth checking out .
if i had a dollar for every gender there was ... i 'd have 1.75 and a shit ton of counterfeits
all businesses are concerned with profits but for david black , owner of black press and oahu publications , it is paramount .
he is notorious for purchasing cheap or distressed newspapers and then laying off as many employees as possible , while still keeping the businesses running .
he is not interested in the slightest whether or not the quality of the product suffers .
what he is interested in is money : 

 " i can walk into a paper and say we have 10 more bodies in this department than we need .
that experience is why i have been able to keep applying the same thought processes and do well in business . " —
vancouver sun , 8 - 17 - 2012 

 that 's exactly what he did to the garden island newspaper , when he purchased it in january of 2013 .
60 % of tgi 's staff lost their jobs that day .
including me .
what 's happening at the star - advertiser should be familiar to anyone who 's been keeping up with the sad state , and decline , of the newspaper business in hawaii .
what david black has done is a tragedy .
gas line = pipe dream .
lovely picture i just wanna know that how people see interracial marriage in these years .
i am asian btw so i do n't know anything about racism or history .
just curious about this , i wanna feel the atmosphere throughout your story .
will the g & m give fair coverage in a year or so when investment drops , unemployment sky rockets and anti - carbon tax rallies become weekly country wide events ?
or will they continue on the life is wonderful and jr 's hair still looks good story line .
i experienced much of the same , italians seem to be sporty courteous unless you are trapped in the famous traffic circle in padova which is the black hole in their rush hour , escape velocity can be hours of nerve wrecking bumper to bumper combat .
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
he makes wedding cakes for heterosexuals but refuses to make them for gays .
that is completely different that not making halloween cakes at all ( lol at those christians , halloween is great ) .
he is in violation of colorado law by only making wedding cakes for some and not for a protected class .
it is very clear .
he agreed to follow state law when he signed his business license application .
he might have been better off to putting up a big sign outside that said , " we do not make gay wedding cakes . "
your threats of punishment , even of imaginary punishment like hell , are to those who similarly believe in such a place the opposite of good .
the anguish they feel is entirely and completely from your bigotry and those like you .
if homosexuality was actually an illness is n't it compassion you should show ?
at least then you would be mistaken and still a moral person in your ignorance ?
save your change or eat pork and beans one night instead of going out , and give the money to a white mother .
photo crawling infant reaching out
a man asks his wife if he can cum in her ear .
she says , " no , i 'll go deaf . "
he says , " funny , i always cum in your mouth and you never shut the fuck up . " [
source ] < url > )
hey , if a gay couple can force a christian who opposes homosexuality to bake a pro - gay cake , then why ca n't the klan force black bakers to create a klan cake depicting lynchings and cross burnings ?
men and their disgusting hands should just be cut off .
if we ca n’t agree upon the authenticity of .
scripture , then it is impossible to argue from a common , basic premise .
why do gay people hate being called homo ?
because latin is the devil 's least favorite language .
no one said half would be built in alabama , and even if they were assembled there , they would still need the parts made in quebec to complete the plane .
when airbus opened in mobile , it did not layoff people in europe , they still build the parts , parts arrive as group of 11 or 12 large parts , which are then trucked into the plant and assembled .
fuck with the religious zealots
i support lgbtq activities l - let ’s 
 g - go 
 b - beat 
 t - the 
 q - queers
leewardhoboy , it 's nearly a crime for a kamehameha grad and a punahou grad to be friends .
i slapped my liberal uncle like a bitch nuff said
* 10 seconds left on the beat lmao   me : " you niggas just do n't know what i can do wit 10 seconds i 'll fuck the shit outcha ole lady & come back for seconds "
people are like chicken ... they taste better deep fried .
omgosh maybe he 'll finally face justice ?
breaking news !
he 's still a rich white man ! ! !
fuck the system ! ! !
@tomilahren i hope there never comes a time when you procreate .
if you do , i hope your children never face the shitty society you seem to want .
trump is a man who can never take responsibility for anything that goes wrong .
every failure is the fault of someone else .
all of his long list of business failures were the fault of others .
trump is a psychotic .
his supporters should be ashamed of themselves .
< user > lmfao fucking hate you nigga
< user > lets go work out there with the white bitches
rt @gmb_ace : if u wife a bitch den she represent u ... so dnt wife da wrong bitch
why do n't they just call it the social justice warriors party of communists at this point .
they treat straight , white , working men like a pinata full of meth and each ca n't wait to take a swing .
rt @lesxo _ : ca nt turn a hoe into a husband either
please people do not reply to this ignorant peasant raghead as it is from one of them it is unable to differentiate between a child and a woman as mo the pedo married a < number > yr old they also can not tell between women and goats both have beards after all
i lived in texas when i was younger , i know how tough some things can get .
` ` rasslin animals '' is half the fun
this is what < number > years of kike brainwashing does to white kids sad
# flcrc meeting tonight in # miami !
please make plans to attend tonight 's mtg & amp ; bring ideas of what you want to see i … https://t.co/uxbnb2fadn
last rt know wayyy too many niggas and females both who been lame af and that did that shit just to make a name .. i know the real you 🤷 🏾‍ ♂ ️
i mean of course we do not know why he did it we have yet to establish a clear motive it may just have been a sexualemergency hence his desperation the gun was just meant to compel the women to realize the urgency of the matter
ok i m convinced yuuto is also trans i m sorry
first the frogs , now children ! ! !
stop this gay epidemic !
61 million of god 's children have been mutilated and killed ... vengeance is mine saith the lord ... url
exactly correct .
when did working with one ' hands become unfashionable ?
four year liberal arts degrees equip one to do nothing .
go to hell so you can go fuck lucifer some more you fucking tranny bitch
keep electing islam followers and see how fast you aussi kaffirs convert to peaceful islam these are no h u m b l e aboriginals that you aussis can tame islam followers will make sure of your d e t r u c t i o n islamisevil
and the republicans got it all figured out .
what a worthless cuck you are .
true mangina with no balls .
we could commit suicide today and no one would notice 
 but if any normies and chads are 5 minutes late to their dates tonight , it will be immediately noticed .
i bet i can make you eat your own cum ... and you 'd like that would n't you nasty stupid fucking loser # paypig # findom url
thanks , wavemaker , for showing your true colors , and your egregious intolerance of opinions which ( apparently ) differ from your own .
how do you not feel shame at publicly making such an explicitly intolerant statement ?
what did i say in my comment above that merits having it summarily deleted or censored ?
really , explain yourself , if you can .
what did the gender fluid teenager get for christmas ?
ignored , the attention seeking twat .
why do opponents of circumcision not protest at circumcision clinics like opponents of abortion protest at abortion clinics ?
we are like a zoo to normies to be laughed at 
 we 're like a traveling freak show 

 why do we allow this ?
if your boss asks you if you like your job and if you want to keep working there , and then he tells you " i really hope that you finish the contract by 5:00 today , " and when you do n't   he tells you , " you 're fired , " are you to then going to tell him , " gee , i did n't know it was so important and you were telling me to finish the contract by 5:00 ? "
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > thank you for always treating us faggots as the dirt we are sir 👑 💪 🏼
* i do nt get israel , just do nt put the kfc in the religious areas , put the kfc in tel aviv in the liberals , and tourist areas , it should turn a profit there and in jerusalem . *
awesome , you are mixed race !
embrace both and hold your head up !
god made us all !
❤ ️ ✝ ️
we love our inclusive queen
jump in ... 

 start following .. 

 look at categories .. carve 

 out a niche .. 

 covfefe
i think the biggest problem i have with it is that there 's too much of a reliance on wow services for an external mechanism .
" and visions of viking - hood dance in his head . "
and probably complain about lack of room .
lebensraum ?
i was n't there and support it 100 % .
your murder claim is wrong .
was n't the serial killer a white boy for east high ?
look at all the violence in the valley and there is n't a person of color to be found .
i 'm guessing you 've had zero personal experience with anyone who does n't look like you .
you call yourself a christian but that could n't be further from the truth .
too much garbage collecting went to you head .
rebounding and scoring inside were two areas of concern given unc 's size .
ducks winning both battles so far , +5 on boards , +2 in the paint .
" @dcaptainclutch you know niggas love to act fake outraged anytime a girl they think is " " ho " " accomplishes anything "
time to put this bitch 's number on pornhub abd everywhere else 🤗
bernie stands up for all minorities .
the globe has not yet reported the recent   isis attack by that woman with the 16 inch knife at a can tire in scarborough .
thus the globe is siding with islamic radicals .
do n't forget to brush your teeth before bed , llying racist antisemitic piece of shit bigot .
not that it 'd make a difference with all the bullshit that spews out of your mouth , huh , lying racist antisemitic piece of shit bigot ?
@agustmoonchildd @khainayak @peta the islamic and christian invaders destroyed many ancient civilizations in the past 2000yrs by forcing the ppl to convert to their faith .. no other culture did this to anyone instead they traded and maintained harmony among different cultures .. evn nw dey run their missionaries .
everyone wants to act like they never did something and then claimed they dindu nuffin everybody dindu nuffin at one point in their life
me neither .
glad to learn that we both hate the neo - fascist regime of the kgb man in the kremlin .
" early 2010 - according to the may 2013 inspector general report , " inappropriate criteria were used to identify tax - exempt applications for review , " the inappropriate targeting of mainly conservative groups begins .
this targeting involves delaying the processing of their applications and requesting information deemed unnecessary . "
http://www.cnn.com/2014/07/18/politics/irs-scandal-fast-facts/index.html 

 " the internal revenue service on friday apologized for targeting groups with “ tea party ” or “ patriot ” in their names , confirming long - standing accusations by some conservatives that their applications for tax - exempt status were being improperly delayed and scrutinized " .
https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/irs-admits-targeting-conservatives-for-tax-scrutiny-in-2012-election/2013/05/10/3b6a0ada-b987-11e2-92f3-f291801936b8_story.html?utm_term=.0e24ade422e8
this is certainly a conundrum .
while i can understand that airlines do not want the actions of their employees made public , i also understand that there needs to be videographic verification of events .
the airlines will always spin things to their advantage .
videography is the public 's sole recourse .
this shit here .
i hope a man gets him pregnant in jail .
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
i 'm supposed to write my statement of diversity- but i 'm not a minority , i was n't poor growing up , i 've never been raped ...
i 'm going to drink and star trek marathon tonight .
no officer i was n't drunk driving , i was swerving on them hoes .
the " all muslims are bad " , and the " isis is islam " words are opinions ; they 're just ideas .
and yes , they may be myths as you assert .
but islam itself is just an idea and its god is a myth .
again , that 's also an opinion , another idea .
but it does n't mean i hate you or want you or your opinions , ideas , and beliefs ' extinguished'-- it means i wish to have a conversation-- and this is what the canadian charter of rights and freedoms provides for all canadians .
if you find these words offensive , i 'm sorry to hear that-- but being offended is neither an argument , nor is it protected under the charter .
to engage in conversation requires all of us to grow some thick skin , and learn that living in a modern society requires compromise .
there are two choices in human political interaction : 1 .
conversation ; 2 .
violence .
i choose conversation .
take your pick .
for starters , i want to put my mouth on her dick right now so she 's thrusting into it as she 's bouncing on that lucky bastard 's dick !
you hoes ain t wassup nomo
2 thessalonians 1:8 in flaming 🔥 fire taking vengeance on them who do not know god , those who do not obey the gospel of our lord jesus christ .
@alizasukhera 1 .
i have n't said at any time that it 's ok to kill anyone muslim , hindu , atheist or whatever   2 .
there r guidelines of every religion n those who follow that r termed as follower of that .
ahmedi do n't accept islamic guidance n ca n't be termed as muslim .
my new bit is saying < number > million jews died in the holocaust and logging off
some real pieces of work in these comments .
she was most likely molested by an adult because it is extremely unlikely that two 10 year olds already started puberty and had sex with eachother .
nevertheless if that is what happened it 's still a fucked up situation and you pro - life asshats can shove it , abortion is the only morally right thing to do here .
someone pin this bitch down and spit in her face pls url
i actually just posted about her earlier women who are resourceful can whip a mans ass or < number > romans
now y' all wanna care about syria & # 128514;&#128514 ; here 's some news , obama & amp ; hillary fucked it up for 5 years before trump took office .
it 's april fools day .
assume all news is fake today .
yeah .
like that should be a problem . #
maga3x#draintheswamp#freemilo & # 128056;&#127479;&#127482 ;
gary , make it decades that ' saving dollars by having fewer teachers ' has been a goal .
back in the 80 's there was a push to write a math textbook so good students could learn without help from any teacher .
problem was , the students had to know how to close - read it , not skim , and see a step - by - step process .
that has n't worked so well .
the push for ' computerized learning ' is more of the same .
few students have enough focus or analytic thinking skills to figure out how math fits together , but the guess - and - check process as they move through the program has been lucrative for the corporations involved .
meanwhile , students are interacting only with a device which does whatever it 's told , and gaining no clue how to get along with real people .
islams unease about the " whole gay thing " .
an article “ what is islam 's position on the treatment of homosexuals ? ”
says that “ islam goes beyond merely disapproving of homosexuality .
sharia teaches that homosexuality is a vile form of fornication , punishable by death . ”
ouch .
that awkward moment when tabatha pens an islamophobic opinion piece on her never ending quest to push shiny hot buttons .
i suspect this post will be shouted down shortly .
the " slave hunt " by lee 's army into pennsylvania to seek out and recapture escaped slaves as " property " of their southern masters is well documented .
it was in the vanguard of the invasion that led to the battle of gettysburg .
they were pretending to be enforcing the fugitive slave act .
ca n't trust these hoes ... and when i say hoes i mean dudes to
< user > has anybody ever seen a video of a gang of white south africans immigrants beating up anyone neither have i we all know why
the dumbasses born in the 90s are the ones doing the gender shit
why would anyone loan money to greece when they can be 99.9 % certain it will never be paid back .
815000 mentally disabled manchildren .
< user > ho jay gay
biack * * automods crumble before me * *
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > unfortunately people will get offended < percent > of them white people getting offended for blk people
@treyskii romantic attraction and sexual attraction are two different things .
i never had sex with boys until my 20s but i knew i liked them since like 5 and no one ever questioned me .
same concept applies to lgbtq kids .
i 've never understood why maasais pray during public functions .
is maasai a religion ?
# madarakaday
https://patriotpost.us/articles/51449 

 i wonder what our august personages ' in congress opinions are on this matter ?
no one seems to want to ask .
there are hundreds of skins out here , esp .
in your area .
joan , i think i see where we disagree .
i do not believe in your church .
my reading of history and study of human nature and what i have been given to believe by a higher authority than the human , whether divinized as you see it or not does not accept as valid your implied inerrancy of the magisterium .
it is a matter of conscience and faith .
even the official church teaching allows freedom of conscience , which your view does not allow .
it does impose itself as an absolute with which no - one may disagree without going against god .
your view allows you to possess absolute truth .
no - one can argue with you and win because the authority you refer to is divine and has revealed itself through what is , by implication , infallible .
if you deny that this is so , then how does your belief in the absolute ( do n't care to know ) authority of revealed truth to which the church has exclusive rights , hold up ?
as a matter of faith i reject this as true on grounds of conscience .
what do you get when you cross a chihuahua and an elephant ?
a dead chihuahua with a 19 inch asshole
ya niggas made amiri look dirty ya make everything dirty i hate you dirty mother fuckers ya make luxury items look dirty stick to white tees
all girls and ladies are beautiful and talented .
all men and boys are handsome and talented .
congratulations
" @kchrzann just be like " " damn man which polish girl broke your heart " " and watch him shut up real quick "
i love nigger cock adolf hitler
if those dickheads are so caring about their country then they should fuck off back there and do something bunch of moslem cowards
the hoes ai nt classy no more more like trashyyy !
would you knowingly raise another man 's kids if it meant a(sexual ) relationship with the mother ?
i always figured she was biracial because of her last name but she dosent look it at all to me .
makes me think that different countries hosting the olympics needs to change .
why spend millions of dollars for a once in a lifetime event ?
we would do better off keeping the olympics in the same place and having different countries in charge of the " host " country 's theme and they can have the decorations and ceremonies .
would n't this be an optimim use of resources ?
same concept of people renting venues for weddings and celebrations .
same venue , but unique for every event .
logical , right ?
but i guess you 're not really sure how to react when a woman has resources to help others fight back .
such a quandary .
so perplexing . : \
great point russ !
the only contribution to your insight is that this act of terrorism never really happened .
the phenomena you are referring to was what cnn told us had happened ; bush 's terrorism as such did not actually happen , except in the postmodernist sense .
( of course he should still be tried for war crimes anyway ) .
gay trans dude but i would totes smash that gash .
her eyebrows alone make my depression lessen .
it is a weird type of munchhausen syndrome for niggers these women have it will backfire now nigger women are saying poc is racist niggers always change their descriptor
dozens of people followed me and 9 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/cuxost51gu
bottom ‏ < user > no dignity respect 4 women acid attacks rape abuse or gay people thrown off rooftops have we not just fought for 1 0 0 yrs 2 get where we r 🤔
# ascendant / # mediumcoeli for moskow , ssr for now ( 12h58m02s ut ): 11 ° 30'06.0 '' # virgo ( ac ) / 04 ° 09'15.8 '' # gemini ( mc )
she is a fat smelly cunt
obama , obama , obama for 8 years and no withdrawal from afghanistan is the ' so what ' response .
he said in 2008 : 

 " i think one of the biggest mistakes we 've made strategically after 9/11 was to fail to finish the job here , focus our attention here .
we got distracted by iraq , " he said .
obama said troop levels must increase in afghanistan .
" for at least a year now , i have called for two additional brigades , perhaps three " 

 http://www.cnn.com/2008/politics/07/20/obama.afghanistan/ 
 
 then in 2011 he started to withdraw troops and called for " the complete removal of all u.s. troops by the end of 2014 , except for trainers who will assist afghan forces and a small contingent of troops with a specific mission to combat al - qaeda through counterterrorism operation " 

 " 2015 u.s. president obama announced to slow the pace of the u.s. troop withdrawal by maintaining the current force levels of 9,800 troops through at least the end of 2015 . "
why did n't he remove our troops ?
this story makes me consider the white suicide vs white genocide memes our situation is similar it is white auto genocide in a way we have not been physically conquered and forced into these policies at gunpoint but we are doing it because of constant malicious suggestions by outside groups
woy 's face was a picture at the end of that uruguay game .
< user > < user > do not let trump know he will cage them for being illegal aliens
dear sweden your cars are getting torched cities burn your women get raped and your children will not have a safe christian nation in the future due to your planned muslim invasion on the bright side at least no one will call you racists maga cuck sweden banislam
i 'm not a misandrist but when men get kicked in the balls they should get up off the ground and get back to work !
right now when i think of wasp 's , i think of new england liberals who have never had a taste of diversity in their life .
josephine , not if you 're a rich investor because that condo or house is just another corporation and you take a tax write - off for the loss .
what will hawaii look like when half of the houses are owned by rich off island people .
oh yeah had death threats fake bad reviews of my book my address posted two offers to come and sort me out and all sorts when it is not timid old women who they can intimidate we soon see what they are really made of lol
< user > lies trying to ban transgender people is your priority and considering slutlania was a lesbian porn extra i say fuck her
gay hair , easily roastable glasses , shit eating grin that looks like a cross of u got your first blowjob and the feeling u got when u could afford the " high quality " pocket protector ..... no you 're right the car towing is the most blaring problem in your life .
eat a dick
prolly heard i m a from a hoe
the attorney general is head of the u.s. justice department and chief law officer of the federal government .
once again , the low bar set by trump has been met .
dem ' government people should tax foreign customers of chinese restaurants .
that way more chinese food for us locals at better price , especially us service workers ... wah wah wah .
not every brown girl can sing y all gots to chill
were you ever alright looking and something down the genetic road went wrong ?
so /r / againstmensrights wo nt be dealing with voat because apparently , its a forum of hate
that lesbian needs to repent ( turn from her evil ways ) , otherwise she 's gon na burn in hell fire with all the lgbts , sin lovers , idolaters , pagans and those people playing church & religion .
hay guys i got a good one what s the difference between man and woman ?
a man has no nippleboobs xd .
< allcaps > ( sorry for bad english )
i do n't have to believe .
i have google .
if every muslim was to work and learn english instead of faking back pain for dole put britain first the problems would be drastically smaller coming from a british muslim britainfirst britfam
union workers do pay their own insurance .
it comes off their benefit package .
which others call income in this section comments ...
there 's nothing better than being a white american male .
i 'm a white american male .
do n't think that i do n't know how fortunate i am .
as long as planned parenthood focuses its operations in the ghetto i have no problem with them i only oppose abortions for white babies
trump is a racist fascist demeaning to women .
he is a school bully that needs to be dealt with .
he is the worst part of america , not the best .
if you think that there is anything positive to look for in this man 's candidacy you are sadly mistaken and if you think there is then you are not the kind of person i would want to associate with either
... until the rest of the world “ comes to its senses ” .
if america came to its senses , trump would n't be president .
it 's good to see someone actively trying to make a difference and reach out to people who otherwise might never realize that there is more than one side to any belief .
at least it promises to appoint people with the relevant experiences , instead of conservative bag men .
the liberals control the cbc ?
paranoiac and delusional .
i wish i was in at in that mosh pit that 's in @kayzomusic 's snap & # 128563;&#128121;&#128121;&#128121;&#128121;&#128121 ; fucking gnarlyyyyyyy
most of the deficit for the next biennium is due to expanded medicaid .
a good chunk of it is due to voter - mandated vocational education expansion .
i doubt that public employees are going to be happy with essentially taking pay cuts to pay for these discretionary expansions of state programs .
why should they be ?
( it should also be added that a chunk of the deficit is due to pers , though only a fraction , far less than half . )
but the point stands that the state is actually trying to fund new programs on the backs of public employees .
going to be a tough sell .
i think men are too womanly nowadays , and women are too manly 
 and that 's why gender is no longer real .
probably had the munchies .
what does fila stand for ?
forever i love arabs
“ the new trump administration , most assuredly , will not be implementing a carbon tax , ” premier wall said . “
we compete with the americans in our province for drilling rigs .
our farmers compete with their farmers .
competitiveness for canadians matter especially at a time when our energy sector is reeling from low commodity prices . ”
clear and substantive - brad wall is the strongest leader in canadian politics .
trudeau represents symbolism and puff , because that worked out so well with ontario 's " green " energy fiasco .
higher electricity prices punishing the people who can least afford it while simultaneously making businesses uncompetitive .
mcguinty , butts , and wynne are responsible for 13 + years of failure in ontario and now butts wants to double down with the same policies at the federal level , einstein called that insanity .
< user > here one of your more shining comments from < number > some are still pretending like the recent muh dikings are specific to the sandnigs who have only just arrived when will you white supremacists realize you are sjw in white face maga blmkklarazasjwallthesame trump
we have saved that part of the world several times over and they continue to have more and more babies many of whom starve .
it is a never ending cycle with no end in site .
incels : taking the victim mentality to a whole ' nother level !
new obama regulations will make it harder to hire and promote men
racism makes equal protection under the law impossible .
most white people have no clue about how much rape , robbery , and murder they benefit from and they really do n't want to know .
we have never had justice for all in this country .
what exactly has this women taught her students .
what ever it was , it did n't produce equal rights for all .
of course , white people are the primary beneficiaries white racism .
racial profiling makes equal rights impossible .
most white people like it that way .
this even while most cops are killed by white men .
heck , most white people deny they invented the race card founding this nation in the 1st place .
they ca n't handle the truth .
it makes them look bad .
blacks invented reading
senate sleazebag chuck schumer d ny has declared restricting voting to only americans as an exercise in racism everything that protects america from conquest such as immigration laws vetting of refugees and voter ids is racist to corrupt chuck
a little boy is watching csi < allcaps > and crying .
< repeat > .
< repeat > is mom enters the room . "
why are you crying , honey ? " "
justin bieber got shot ! " "
do n't worry , it 's only on tv ! "
< allcaps > " that 's why i ' m crying ! "
my ghetto has limits like i ’ m down for whatever but don ’ t be doing too much 🥴 🤏 🏾
i also want to leave another comment in hopes that at least one person that is responsible for burning our flag reads this .
first , you have no idea the tears , sweat , and blood that our four fathers put into defending this soil that your unappreciative self dwells upon .
the freedom you have is because of that flag !
you wanna scream gay rights or black rights and disrespect the president on his big day ?
that 's spitting in the faces of all of the men that has fought for this country and made your lavish way of life possible .
do you know that in many other countries in this world would kill you for being gay and that you would n't have a right to speak out against the government .
you would be beheaded , stoned , or imprisoned for life for burning a flag .
that 's just something for you to think about the next time you decide to riot and burn flags .
go spend a couple weeks somewhere else in this world , you 'll come back kissing the dirt of the usa !
it 's to bad you understand that .
how do you know your computer has been used by your ' nam veteran uncle ?
you would n't know , you were n't there .
why would anyone loan money to greece when they can be 99.9 % certain it will never be paid back .
how do we know that lady is a white woke liberal and not your typical chud
took a bite out that hoe and eggs and cheese came out & # 128557 ; the disrespect .
i was like wtf is this ! ? & #
129314 ;
fun fact of the day : the dea just made synthetic weed legal again .
they consider it less deadly than marijuana . & #
128579 ;
the key to successfully integrating immigrants from non western nations is to break up ghettos into individuals and individuals into giblets
@malinablue just another pos fake christian con man .
these people are absolute scum .
just crazy homophobic " fans "
fuck religion .
its you people who cause all of the wars .
come at me
what 's the hardest part about having anal sex ?
having a cock repeatedly shoved in your ass .
sometimes i get to the point where i just do n't care anymore .
like literally i do n't fucking care .
bcoz i do n't feel the need to do so .
so niggas wanna be bitches and shit wearing flowers and shit smh y' all niggas gay !
rough and hard .
gangbang the bitch .
fill every hole to the brim with cock
oh come on , koestler .
since time immemorial , human beings have been sexually active and sexual promiscuity has never skipped any generation that i know of .
perhaps your problem is living in a clueless bubble or you never had any children .
i 'm sure saudi arabia will consider your application my guy
she did n't find you attractive .
probably because she has poor tastes in men . [ ... ]
women are not bad for " friendzoning " you , you are pathetic for being attracted to manipulative women with poor taste in men .
apparently being a cock slave to silverbacks is also a tradition among your people i wish nothing but gang rape by a pack of niggers for you you chimp licking plow whore
you need to cum visit us on the island and spitroast my wife with me .
i want to watch you stretch out her pussy while she is sucking my cock .
scum should n't be allowed have kids !
how do you know your computer has been used by your ' nam veteran uncle ?
you would n't know , you were n't there .
i do n't understand why sophie is so hated i may not like trump but i do n't hate my   first lady so why do n't canadians support there 's 
 if there is one failure the pm made is that middle class is failing not because of government but technology is making it smaller
she was ridiculed for years for her invention .
people thought wipers would be distracting on personal automobiles .
suck my dick , while i choke you !
deeptroat it !
🔥 put it as deep as you can !
i force you to eat my cock exactly how you imagine to suck a wet pussy !
👏 and then suck all of my toes !
one by one !
you re a lil bitch not a man !
👏 # findom # femdom # cuckold url
the terrorists continue to be alienated white male citizens hon .. not well - vetted immigrants or refugees .
get a clue .
< user > < user > they have a problem with muslim refugees and rightly so
a hate them people that just drop you oot of nae where n then come back like nothing happened , nae chance mate
this vato is a fuckn puto ..
there is no substitute : 

 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸 usa 🇺 🇸
friend : : i 'm just not attracted to black guys like that .
me : : ... but your boyfriend is black .
friend : : not really .
she does n't consider her boyfriend ' that black ' because he is from the suburbs , his dialect reflects his middle class upbringing , he likes world of warcraft and does n't listen to rap .
all those poor police officers and social workers i mean they would have been raked over the coals and called some awful things if they d actually protected those vulnerable young girls who were raped and killed by muslim savages
america we need and have to take our nation back from these communist and jihad muslims in the white house .
we need to grow our own teachers .
i am tired of the revolving door of teachers from down south .
when we have our own teachers , they are more invested in the success of our children and the future of our communities .
get over yourself , since is is abundantly clear that you have no knowledge of what truly is occurring in the inner cities between the police and the blm .
no police officer arrives at the beginning of their shift with the hope of taking someones life , be it a man or woman , black or white ,   but sadly sometimes it tragically occurs .
no officer is out there gunning for   young black men .
this is media influenced nonsense .
young black men are victims of inner city violence , which no one seems to care about .
how does one explain over 3000 shooting victims and over 700 murders in the city of chicago alone in 2016 ?
i would be safer walking the streets of aleppo than the streets of southwest chicago .
is anything i wrote above untrue ?
how about some of that outrage for the poor   black mothers and fathers left   burying their young children , who were victims of gun violence ?
blm does not seem too concerned over those black lives , so the question   that needs to be asked is why ?
i am here for miss lyonne telling the world women do n't need to have children to have a purpose in life ! ! ! ! !
while looking through a magazine with my daughter , i said , " hey what do you think of this hairstyle ? "
while looking through a magazine with my daughter , i said , " hey what do you think of this hairstyle ? "
she liked it . "
well it 's too bad you can only have this one , i said , pointing at a picture of vin diesel on the next page .
she started crying as the nurse set up her next round of chemo treatment .
well good luck and i have it bookmarked and will check back every so often .
i 'm amazed how many white liberals think we listen to charlamagne the god , cornell west , and the sock puppets on msnbc all day .
lol   men lie , women lie , numbers do n't .
black people are n't voting for kamala _ " sherriff clarke " _ harris , and getting ctg to tell us too , just convinces us , we 're right to resist .
white people pay black people to influence us .
duh .
we get it .
well then let not just ban trannies let ban gays women from combat moss and muslims because they have demonstrated their allegiance is to their goat fucking raghead prophet and not the united states of america
this is from a black forum , they are not happy about this .
" canadian immigration : " " you 're not in trouble .
you 're welcome to return to canada anytime .
but we 're gon na issue a warrant for you at 6 am . " " "
what is the celebrity term for transgender ?
transjenner
@sunny quackers psychotic americans , psychotic britains , psychotic israelis , psychotic saudis , all wanting to wage a war against iran .
yeah no wonder they want nukes .
anyone would if they were in iran 's position .
oh but iran has no right to defend itself , right ?
🤨
as a general rule right wing men and women are more sexually dimorphic than left wing men and women you often can not tell the difference between them hairy purple haired dykes and limp wristed bugmen are disgusting on a very deep level
niggers are only good for keeping judges cops corrections officers and parole probation officers employed go die you stupid worthless black nigger trash
i m sick of this shit , they have to turn everything gay lgbt should be illegal
black lives matter could literally kidnap torture and try and kill a helpless white retarded person and blm supporters would defend it oh wait a minute maga gabfam
i 've also noticed that a ridiculous number of self - storage units are being built in the area .
draw your own conclusions .
great that you do not have a problem with taxes and fees , ... so this means you believe the city is working effectively and efficiently ?
the city needs to do more for less instead of less for more .
they need to become better , faster , and cheaper .
they rake enough taxes and fees already .
also there is no such thing as an equity issue with sfh and townhouses .
the city should pick up trash for both using existing funds .
doing whatever they damn well please .
men do n't talk to men ; you are on the button .
well , if you embrace your masculinity you 're called toxic on today 's campuses .
if you 're a male you 're seen as a rapist just waiting for the opportunity on today 's campuses and all it takes is for one girl with regret for sleeping with you to claim rape , and without due process and with no evidence the man is expelled .
regardless of sex , if you do n't wholly embrace radical leftwing views you are less than human with a real danger of having your grades weaponized against you by militant leftwing professors .
then there is the staggering levels of debt most graduates leave college with .
there are good reasons why men are saying no to college .
another myopic decision made by the worlds most insufferable man - child .
impeach and jail this treasonous russian puppet .
the nra has done more harm to gun owners than good .
lol -    damn , we might as well take you out back and put us all out of our misery .
you are a bad man .
all those things said i 'm sure are true and make   you a bad man .
i would still vote for ya tho ....
< user > < user > < user > < user > unfortunately in reality that was not the case ppl are still nursing old wounds and anger partition and the violence did not help at all kings always fought wars but they never destroyed places of worship or centers of learning it was always different with muslim invasion
does anyone have an idea for a reddit bot that could help you in some way ?
" mr. trump 's supporters are basically losers ... " well , i would have to agree with your point here .
good observation .
okay i am going to lick your pussy until you cum on my face !
now i am going to take my hard pulsating cock and pound that pussy and your asshole !
to finish i will dump my hot load on your tits !
mmm so good !
😜 💦 💦 💦 💦
please do n't lower your standards , ladies .
sounds great to me .
they can produce a report by repeating " men are such swines " over and over .
quality speaks .
i am generally the first to say that exceptions exist but how do you know she was really gay to begin with ?
or that she really desired men afterwards ?
with gay conversion it is far more common for such converts to revert back to being gay .
fact without men pursuing women humanity ceases to exist ok there artificial insemination which is women pursuing men i guess
latinas the best women
< number > mass shootings this year and not one committed by a black man or an illegal alien let that sink in
anyone who thinks that two men or two women masturbating , sodomizing , or fellating one another constitutes " marriage , " and calls himself a " catholic , " is living in a web of fantasy too deep and dense to be unraveled by any natural means .
< user > whew i hate it here america is so ghetto right now 🥴
it is disturbing to see what is happening to the uk .
oops , you forgot /sarcasm off .
if twitter dm had an unsend option chats be like hi i like you hey hello this message was deleted you are beautiful helloo deleted texts fuck you bitch slut whore
you are an amazing dad !
do n't forget that girls can have crush 's on other girls too .
my mom always asked me is i like anyone rather than any boys and would always talk about " when you bring home a boyfriend or girlfriend " which got old once it became clear i was straight but was still the right approach .
so he 's an " idiot " for thinking that , being both conservative and male , he 'd get a fair shake in a tech company rife with political grandstanding about tolerance and inclusion ?
he 's like harvard 's larry summers .
the latter suggested , to an audience of female scientists , that one hypothesis explaining the dearth of top - tier females in stem fields is female choice .
for daring to say that , the female scientists got hysterical , worked to get him fired , and added evidence that females are thin - skinned , emotional , unable to tolerate different viewpoints , and lack leadership grit .
we 're used to being told there are problems with systemic racism and sexism in our society .
what couillard was saying , and what a great many people think , is that there are systemic problems with intolerance in islam .
the evidence for that is very clear : witness the attitude towards other religions in islamic countries -- the very term " islamic country " pretty much says it all .
so no one is saying that most muslims are supporters of terrorism , or that they condone terrorism .
no one is saying there are more bad muslims than bad christians or jews .
what is being suggested is that muslim community leaders and religious officials in canada and elsewhere look at what passes for legitimate discourse in their circles — including what they teach youngsters in their schools and what is preached in their mosques — and take responsibility for purging it of whatever bigotry they find .
i hope your enjoying my hand because that 's the only pleasure your tiny cock is gon na get !
i 'm gon na fuck your ass so much you 'll be puking cum !
i 'm gon na make you look pregnant !
url
yadi is a fucking faggot
< user > the lions share of african caribbean immigrants in the us have the same racist mentality as racist white americans and white europeans as a result such persons should never be allowed to portray themselves as native born black americans profiting off black american cultural
i 'm getting sick of women getting bodied by guys
boys do n't wear necklaces like that .
yeah but we remove their testicles and uteruses .
where 's the investigative reporting ? ? ?
picture , rap sheet , etc etc ? ! ? !
niggas be so dehydrated if i wanted my pussy ate everyday for the rest of this year it would happen
you 're all a massive inspiration .
we have to redouble our efforts here in the west , so that we may one day end the exploitation of african peoples and move forward to a fairer , more decent world .
solidarity from the uk !
the only ones profiting from raising the minimum wage is those working the low skill jobs .
the main ones to suffer for it is the elderly and disabled .
disabled and social security have had no cost of living increase since obama took office and i do n't see one coming in the near future .
any raise in consumer prices comes out of food and medicine , while the elderly and disabled are forced into a diet of tuna out of the can and top ramein noodles , unskilled laborers are thrust into the middle class and dine on steak and lobster.--ken
hah a big lol to all the tacky faggots
i could not agree more with president trump .
i do nt understand why adn / nyt would not want america to be first ?
i look to the welfare of my family first , not the welfare of someone else first .
after my family is ok i will look to help others .
america should be first .
i want no part of it .
i do n't see any advantage at all to working - class people in a rivalry with competing empires .
i spent four years in the navy , fortunately before vietnam got hot .
two of my nephews have been in the military , one in afghanistan .
it 's mostly working - class guys who get out of high school with no other prospects who join the military .
they 're being exploited .
a while back i watched a documentary by the british historian niall ferguson , who said that the vietnam war and others at the time were proxy wars between two empires , the us and the ussr .
he said wwiii happened , it just was fought in small countries by proxy .
we 're still doing it , it 's destructive , and it 's evil .
we really need to learn to mind our own business .
no one in the us government is qualified to say who should govern another country .
this family that wants to complain about gays should come to san francisco and raise some hell at these gay pride events .... a much better target ..... and these people in san francisco openly blasphemied christ with their parody of ' the last supper ` ` as their poster for their last event .
what difference does it make if she does n't tell people that she 's a dude she 's not trying to f * * * them and they do n't have a shot to f * * * her honestly man you got your nose stuff so far up everybody else has asked you ca n't see that you weight 450 lb smoke like a chimney and probably drink as well you got a lot of s * * * on your plate that you need to be worried about without worrying about everybody else you 're a fat f * * * that treats his kids like dogshit and there 's proof of that on video
all white men are fascists fine we are fascists now and we are going to purge undesireables from our society lel wait what
objectively east asians are an upgrade intelligence and the mixes are frequently stunning look at kristin kreuk dutch chinese and hybrid vigor is a thing
please do not send your warships to iranian door and tweet " never threaten the united states again ! " .
that does not make any sense .
you moron ugly pig .
you can wear that burqa all day long nd you talk about our sarees .
who says women ca n't walk in sarees .
you are so barbaric people that you follow sharia and the girl is buried with her chest high and then you hit her with stones .
you deserve the worst of hell url
proof i mean i am on mobile and ca nt yank up the proof for me but if you stick around i can bash your head in with reality hitler loved sand niggers too he even gave them their own ss division the 1 3 th i think
the more i read about dumb violent things do , like beating up two women bc they would n't kiss for them .. the gayer i become # pride2019
@arrbazahmad @mudgalneelesh @bababanaras so you admit that pakistan did pulwama !
cowards , we are coming .
put lubes in your sisters ' pussies and your own ass .
gas all niggers jews the world over presto most if not all racism ends
this is from a black forum , they are not happy about this .
ya sure , support more ignorant stupidity on our society , see loser there are only 2 sexes , you are either a man or a woman regardless of what you " identify " as
for some reason the closer christmas gets here the more pissed off i am getting ...   ;)
@iveenakhan most dumbest person i have seen .
i think you should join mia khalifa and get black penis in your mouth .
now ashmit patel also not give you india penis .
actually i 'd suggest you watch our for m104 - that 's the motion to prevent over the top hyperbole by anonymous internet commenters .
getting ready for the season !
bruce says the water is warming up .
and this other lil guy is enjoying the sunshine .
most trannies are filthy fucking commies
[ meta ] it 's obvious to me they 've invaded .
i reeeaallly   doubt the airlines are going to refund fares if someone gets denied entry .
be good for you to knock off promoting the fictional kike faggot jesus christ insanity perversion in general
reason for incels to live # 1 
 you never have to deal with finding out someone is a dirty tranny after you put your cock in their inside out wiener
man do you ever stop spewing the alt left lib talking points ?
you are a nut job
i 'd fuck my mother but she has stds 
 does that make me a volcel ?
oh yes kon man , that 's your go - to excuse lately every time you make a ill considered comment and ca n't defend it .
but somehow you always manage to find time to keep trolling .
lemme find this bitch and slap the fuck out her
they have n't always .
those sumerian neanderthals only started really taking over about 2000 years ago .
those inbred cockles are only at the top by essentially cheating and using cheat code in the book .
and look what is has spawned , a hell on earth .
congrats to them .
the filth of the world runs it .
congrats .
and now we have disenfranchised black and latino people joining them , thinking they need to be like them in order to gain power and set things right .
this is just sad .
we should treat muslim refugees the same way that they would treat christian refugees they will beg to go back to their war zones
i just wanna say that as a woman who likes women and both has a smaller chest and likes women with smaller chests , this sub makes me really happy .
i see beautiful women feeling good about themselves ( as they should ) and i also see myself in them .
at first i only found the sub smallboobproblems which made me sad for women feeling down on themselves or of course porn subs .
this is a hidden gem and needs more attention because so many women would benefit from it .
ah , so now we 're playing the repetition game , ay ?
you can repeat my ass when you 're done with me , you antifa sympathizing , communist stalin - loving disgusting toe gargling overweight whore housing horribly obese neckbeard wielding fedora wearing card collecting pink - haired slut loving , virgin little cunt .
you look like the kind of man who would fuck a person in the ass and not even have the common courtesy to give him a reach - around
when u take a quiz and they tell u ur 100 % crazy about potatoes tell me something i do n't know like carb the fak up bitch
at the rate the bull crap you liberals are spewing , , by 2019 we can get rid of your nonsenes , , you ca nt force a market and what people will buy you ignorant dummies , , and there is no deleterious health and enviro effects of our current engines , , they are now about as clean as ever in history ! ! , ,
there is huge harm in forcing society in any alternative that they do nt want , man you fascists have no clue
the following story has yet to be reported on   in the g&m : 
 http://www.msn.com/en-nz/news/world/police-officer-stabbed-at-flint-airport-in-possible-act-of-terror/ar-bbd06oi?li=bbqdmgr 

 reportedly , the stabber is canadian .
< user > < user > all the refugee migration from the middle east is down to him and his mentor george w bush yet he is given a platform to peddle his poisonous ideas
shutup fag & # 8220;@mraugustaisina : on some real shit , females love a real nigga like me ! & #
8221 ;
global warming and world hunger are also caused by clericalism .
< user > wab bitch i ’ m ghetto
@wes_vl faggot
otoh you might just be retarded and failing at trolling along with the rest of your life
< user > < user > < user > question is how would it be had the refugee never been in finland to have given birth to a murderer
gets arrested for saying nigger civic nationalism at its finest
direct quote from margaret in 2016 : " fortunately for us , men like mr. trump – a narcissistic bully with a vengeful streak and a lot of power – are rare .
how he got as close to the white house as he has will be a topic worthy of endless thumb - sucking .
but the fact that his toxic attitude toward women is what finally did him in should be at least slightly reassuring .
it turned just enough people from “ maybe trump ” to “ trump , no way . " "
--- i quote it as cautionary example .
g&m moderators already banished this quote once here today .
who hurt you ?
lol .
it 's comical how stupid and angry you people are .
meh amurica .
my land .
mine .
bang bang guns .
no brown people .
wahh .
says the faggot that 's never been punched in the mouth .
exactly so just more moslem appeasement sating the beast in the uk
our only solution is to deport 100 % of illegal immigrants .
we need to get rid of the requirement that all illegal aliens get to fight deportation in court and charge them with a crime ( which it is a crime to enter illegally ) .
we need to charge every crime they commit , from illegal entry to immigration fraud to identity theft to forgery of a government document to to to ... lock 'em up and then deport them upon completion of their sentence .
i 'm just really fucking stupid and i hate myself i did n't go to tuesday evening class and i 'm not going to either class today and yesterday
pussy nigga shit he the type if i catch slipn i 'll make em bite the curve while i piss on it
highlight of my day being shouted at by some randoms in a car for being ‘ dressed like a lesbian ’
sounds like you folks should move to australia where men are men , why stay in canada where men are not men .
any time a man tells you to make him a sandwich , imagine it as " make me sandwich .
me am man .
me beat chest . "
is this kid still being prosecuted ?
his family has already paid a steep price in lawyer 's fees , time , and mental anguish .
it was just youthful indiscretion .
just put him on probation and move on .
there are still plenty of albatrosses left .
he did n't bring them dangerously close to extinction .
this is overkill .
how many of us really go out and care for albatrosses ?
do you donate to albatross funds ?
go out and feed and guard them ?
the newspapers are just making hay to sell papers .
go out and save chickens , ducks , geese , fighting cocks , and such .
do n't let the news play with your emotions .
seems like the only purpose to christianity anymore is to ensure the annihilation of the white race via the suicidal worship of jews maga altright
we need to purge all sand niggers from white countries i am so done with all this
peace of advice : whilst condemning homosexuals , please do it with decorum .
do not resort to insults , humiliations , embarassments etc .
some of those people belong to occultic fraternities and they may just decide to hypnotize you into joining them or hurt u.   # arewaagainstlgbtq
new mgmt i call them white haired old men love to do things in secret was scrolling thru the new line up of mgmt in hr structure and i do nt recognise nearly everyone do nt even know they existed rumours rife but no concrete evidence until now
anyway you all see these euro niggas dangerous mofuckas
this is a good article .
we had a saying in the 1960 's that is still relevant today . "
we are not where we want to be , and we are not where we are going to be , but thank god we are not where we use to be . "
we still do n't have equal protection under the law for all .
racial bias is rife in all of our institutions .
fortunately , lynching is no longer considered family entertainment by most white people in the 21st century .
this is the first century that we can say that .
there are photos .
that is progress .
we take 2 steps forward and one step backward regarding race in this country .
trump 's election is the most resent step backward .
we might have equal rights for all in another 200 years .
we are still producing white folks like dylan roof and making sure they are all armed .
i wonder if trump will pardon him .
i 'm sure his voters wo n't mind .
my previous comment was removed .
do n't insult the rop , not even from a computer .
rt @90sperk : i am fucking meeting shawn august 11th
as long as its niggers killing nigger i could care less let these nigger animals kill themselves off
fuck that game it gay and retarded
just the fact any buzzfeed article rates a mention in this newspaper is slightly off putting ,   what say lets go back to the enquirer days of " half man / half woman makes self pregnant .
just who is the father " ?
pathetic .
why am i only seeing arabs attack that wolfie female
another lib troll of stupid , man you need help with the twisted nonsense you live in loser
ion know why bitches be so shameless to be on some fan behavior shit
🗣 tell them pussy crackas they can bring the dogs
i 'm going to drink and star trek marathon tonight .
these birds that keep shitting on my car are asking to fucking die
daint get that snapchat filter that looks like a mask ye do n't look cute ye look like ye in the middle of a sars pandemic
i wanna fill a dumb little fucktoy 's hole up .
i wanna see their holes take mommy 's cock so well and see their eyes roll back as i pound into them relentlessly .
wanna breed them so nice and watch as my cum drips down their thighs .
this mother fucking fic truly about to make me cry in the train .
sounds real exciting .
i just ca n't wait to see two grown men viciously punching the crap out of each other .
you see , the biggest problem we have nowadays is that there is simply not enough fighting in the world .
not enough violence .
hey , maybe we 'll get lucky and see one of the fighters get badly injured .
maybe even knocked unconscious .
and if we really   get lucky , maybe we will get to see one of the fighters actually bleed .
yes i 'm being sarcastic but in a sad way .
i would n't befriend a person who enjoyed watching this " entertainment " ( garbage ) .
trannies and pedos .
one of the most redneck white boys in my class just said the n word and no one even flinched
an intelligent , educational review of the blight of fundamentalist christianity on this nation .
for additonal history and information on the entire mythological basis for the jesus christ / christianity lie read , man made god by barbara g. walker .
an intensely researched , documented , footnoted revelation of the greatest lie and ultimate system of lies ever perpetrated on the world 's humanity .
jesus never existed and the creation of chrisitanity was done by a 2nd century a.d. pope in collusion with a roman emperor to get rid of all of the pagan gods to bring all under better control under one god .
the miracle and tales were gleaned from previous religions to be applied to the jesus christ character .
none of it is true .
everything coming out of the mouths of preachers , priests , bishops , popes is based on an absolute lie .
the patriarchal establishment of men superior to women and ruling over them is n't found in history until one god religions were created .
all by men .
" democrats ... have scoffed at the notion that tax cuts for corporations and the rich will spur the sort of economic growth that trump would need to offset the lost revenue . "
as well they should .
trickle - down is a scam on the middle and lower classes and cutting taxes for corporations does n't lead to better pay for hard working employees , rather the savings are used to buy other companies and to give execs even bigger bonuses
lame as banger ai n't no kings in humbolt park anymore foolthe white people kicked them the fuck out
work hard this week usfam the democrats need a few million more immigrants and refugees to steal the next election
loool dude give up there is no hope for you your cock is too small just give up no girl will fall for you .
very interesting video , although i spotted at least one error ; samhain is celebrated from sunset on october 31st to sunset on november 1st .
i want a truth and no reconciliation these fuckers who have done this to our lands must confess that they lied to shitskins and flooded our lands to destroy shitskins must be told the truth we knew you would fuck shit up so we sent you into white lands
thoughts on programming , number 20 : a ship on the beach and forming an ideal target for nazi bombs ; but the men and women on board them neve
i see lots of triggered angry old white men posting in the comments today .
< user > please do not kill yourself 😔
nor did it take into account that the oil in arctic refuge is in many pools as opposed to one large one .
or the fact that water resources for ice roads in the coastal plain are scarce .
us fish & game over the years has studied the importance of the arctic refuge coastal plain to not only the porcupine caribou herd , but that over 40 % of the beaufort sea polar bears den there .
hundreds of thousands of migratory birds nest & /or roost there as well .
so , my description referring to it as the biological womb of the refuge - i believe is accurate .
the native gwich’in are also dependent on the porcupine caribou herd & have been for thousands of years for their subsistence & culture .
who are we to jeopardize their culture & lifestyles when there is an abundance of alternatives to arctic refuge development ?
the outdoor & tourism industry can coexist with this fragile environment whereas the oil industry due to the reality of its scope - can not .
lets preserve ...... arctic refuge .
@kaitmarieox @petebuttigieg fucking pussies , they would only attack a girl cause a guy would throttle their bitch asses . #
deportlibs
" this does not justify violence from the left , but it also does not support the preposterous claim that both sides are equally to blame . "
antifa did not exist until trump 's political rallies began to overtly support alt right white supremacy and authoritarian facism .
antifa is a brand spanking new phenomenon in comparison to the kkk and exists only because of trump 's own rhetoric .
i absolutely do not agree with their tactics , and yet i wonder what other tactics will work to drive white supremacists back into the basements .
it certainly does n't appear it will be police given their ' interesting ' performance in charlotesville .
and yet , i can understand that when you are law enforcement in an open carry state and the alt right shows up armed to the teeth , you may prioritize dinner with your family rather than open confrontation with the kkk and right wing militias .
policing black lives matter is much easier given the disparity in weapons between the alt right and blm .
so when is someone doing the shooting stars meme to that fucking jumps .
for our american anthem series , npr 's eric @deggans traveled to chicago to examine the moment when curtis mayfield and the impressions first spoke directly about black pride in " we 're a winner . "
url url
the neo nazi faggots are all running back to twitter twatter i dunno i am attempting an educated guess the next question is what or who scared the shit out of them and made them run away
based on your assessment , the pick for new hpd chief should be from the mainland as the whole department whether true or not - may be tainted .
a new face from the outside may be just what is needed .
whenever money is transferred someone can make people are profiting from it an illiterate hiv moslem increases the gdp by more than a nurse all govt spending increases gdp its easier to make money off destruction than creation if you know when traitors will stab a country in the back
songs are considered racist but paki moslem child rape gangs are not
< user > that person i assure you will be in the ranks of the jihadists if he is not government affiliated at any level then he definitely would be jihadi affiliated secretly or not
# bbcgolf westwood originally showing 6 on 10 and not 4 .
garcia originally showed 5 and now 7 ! ! #
canttheyaddup
it 's so fucking stupid i was on the website at noon what did i do wrong
they call them asians over there
went out of dynamite ... guess demons in the dirt and dmf from @hellyeahband can make the same effect&#129304;&#127995;&#129304;&#127995;&#129304;&#127995;&#129304;&#127995 ;
what are some good sources detailing the bias against men in the family court system ?
i 'm fine with gays , and i 'm fine with lesbians , but it 's the people who ca n't decide that bother me .
like , the ones who ca n't decide which ones they like more , or what gender they are .
you have to pick a side people !
< user > < user > import more people from shithole countries voting for shithole politics and texas will be blue
< user > whitegenocide means much more than eliminating people of white skin pigment it also means the destruction of the culture of freedom moral clarity what there is of it and human progress only whites in principle advance those ideas
< user > lmao oh ok i ama talking bout a dyke in the line he need to let you text him your picks and bring the bread
< user > reply if you ’ re gay
passing on the crap cards that were dealt you to your children , society , and other men 's wives is not something anybody should support no matter how much they care about somebodies feelings .
but somehow jews are remembered the most .
killing people is bad , not trying to say that some are better than others .
just found some extra info on the subject[here](url but in russian
this needs more attention than is getting .
not just arab , hebrew as well .
well good luck and i have it bookmarked and will check back every so often .
@bob_of_bonsall @sketchtina no one should be perplexed by this word !
if you say we are man kind women are confused !
cisgender is a real word !
it 's about being a person with self worth and skills !
that unites the sexes into one culture !
transgender is more confusing to myself !
opinion ?
congratulations to india this is a great achievement as a country .
looks like that pussy needs to be filled with my cock while my other friends fuck the rest of you
coke white bitches
another muslim man phones katie hopkins this one is pakistani and he tells her his parents told him to go with white girls as they are scum i believe police ignored the raped girls because police hated pakis and any white girl seen with them
what do you get when you throw a molotov cocktail into a gay pride parade ?
lgbtqbbq
< user > we have a lot refugees we can share a little bit 😂
hindus only see one problem islamic jihad !
hindus fail to understand agenda of christian missionaries they are destroying families
< user > the homosexual alcoholic or self isolated homosexual
whenever the subject of abortion comes up i feel compelled to quote author garry wills when he said , " the catholic church has not always treated abortion as murder in the past .
if it had , late - term abortions and miscarriages would have called for treatment of the well - formed fetus as a person calling for baptism and christian burial .
but this was never the case .
the subject of abortion is not scriptural , it is not treated in the ten commandments , the sermon on the mount , or anywhere in the jewish scripture , the new testament or the creeds and the early ecumenical councils .
augustine ?
he could never find in scripture ' anything at all certain about the origins of the soul . '
and the most notable thomas aquinas , ' lacking scriptural guidance and using aristotelian distinctions , ' denied that personhood arose at fertilization by the semen .
god directly infuses the soul at the completion of human formation . "
the church has changed its tune .
it should at least have the courage to admit it .
this is incredible , not only as an honor for them , but also as a sign of improving diversity on all levels from the academy ( 41 % of this year 's class are under - represented ethnicities .
that 's * phenomenal * , particularly for an organization that has historically been glaringly white and male . ) .
i disagree entirely .
who came up with that nonsense ?
the duly ( twice ! )
elected president of the united states nominates supreme court justices , period .
the term of office is four years , not however many the opposition party deems is acceptable .
by that twisted logic , senators in their last year of office who are facing an election , should not be eligible to debate or confirm a nominee .
that would leave about 35 democrats and 30 republicans .
that , of course , makes about as much sense .
which is none .
also , 1988 was not quite 100 years ago .
reagan nominated kennedy - oh , but that 's entirely different .
rampant hypocrisy .
mr boggs , 
 you write , " if employers care enough about their own operations , they should invest 
 in training their work force in 
 firm - specific skills . "
you failed to disclose that businesses are taxed at a rate 
 which causes many to leave canada .
presumably if businesses are to bear the additional expense of providing 
 firm - specific skills then perhaps universities should lighten up on the faculty and 
 their pre - occupation with creating even more overhead costs in their domains , and 
 suggesting to students how much more important theory is than the practical .
more like medicine for example where hands on training prevails .
victoria morgan i saw you posted about oil and i have chronic pain and cancer i lost my kids in this state of hell on earth arizona where they steal children for money hoping we will all die off as it is killing out country how can i get info on this and is it really expensivd
imagine getting angry about a fucking easter egg hunt
capitalism is gay
roy moore : " trannies are an abomination , repeal gay marriage , put god back into the government " 

 populist working - class voter : " okay , whatever nigga i just want a job "
naw it probably nigger obama fault shift the blame ok i blame the jews whatever please quit the bitch fit with azz it clogging up my gab feed and it retarded thanks
right wing buzzword for taking an ethical stance .
amen .
now please rise and raise your right hand as dave and shisaisama lead us in das lied der deutsche .
from the beginning now : 

 " deutschland , deutschland über alles , 
 über alles in der welt , 
 wenn es stets zu schutz und trutze 
 brüderlich zusammenhält .
von der maas bis an die memel , 
 von der etsch bis an den belt , 
 deutschland , deutschland über alles , über alles in der welt !
deutschland , deutschland über alles , über alles in der welt ! "
before one can come in as first , the must be third and second place prior to their goal .
you 're the brother every gay dude needs and you are awesome !
i am sure it was probably a niglet
of course i blame a party for this .
have you forgotten that republicans promised to keep us safe ?
and then the republican president , like someone today , decided to ignore his intelligence briefings because he already knows everything .
now the donald is following in the same footprints .
you really think he will have a different outcome ?
why ?
sugar grove that out < number > sugar grove is nice but there are some real hillbillies back there i mean coon skin capped only has one set of clothes so one day wash clothes they have to be naked type of hillbilly
you really are ill - informed , are n't you ?
islamic state did n't arise until 12 years after omar khadr was captured and imprisoned .
now conway is loosing it , is it contagious in the wh ?
+ jesus says lol you homosexual sperm dumpsters make me laugh the site of a president trump makes you weenie washer scream like little bitches
every now and then it hits me 
 what the point of doing all this , i will never escape inceldom , i will never get a girl , fuck my life there is no hope , i am too ugly .
lmao i hate when i slide a homie a bitch and she end up being dummy smooth
@kkeeltygartland @clapifyoulikeme @snipy @milesoutsides look man all i know is from my own life experience bisexuals seem to be real good at it
ok so what , still is no reason to spend tax dollars subsidizing it , if people like it , can afford it , they will buy it on thier own ..
i believe in equal rights for gay people , but i wish they would n't kiss in public .
it 's gross .
if you need a good dog , you ca n't beat a bull terrier , strong , loyal , great with kids , and have a bite pressure of up to 5000 lbs per square inch , compared to a rottweiller which is 500 lbs per square inch .
sarge2506 .
" " " there are a thousand thoughts lying within a man that he does not know till he takes up a pen to write . " "
kisses angsunshinenamin "
our group chat name is “ down bitches ” when we all know theirs only < number > down bitches out of the of us
until local district residents wrest control of their schools and shine the light of accountability on performance , our kids will continue to be denied their intellectual birthright .
let them hoes be greatrt @keyawnagallatin : y'all bitches be really reaching for the side - titty look
niggas cry and complain so much i am starting to think you all the real females in the relationship 💀
that a nifty little reversal of scripture pretty sure there are not a bunch of nazi lodges importing refugees for < number > shekels of state silver catholic churches though remove the speck of ash from thy brother eye first and then thou wilt see clearly to remove the somalian turd from thine
absolutely senseless .
that man had to be a sociopath ...
smoke that justin . #
stolenvalour
you do n't realized what you had until you fucked up and lost it & # 128533 ;
his family is taiwanese .
ethnically still han chinese , but still an important distinction to many people .
lmaoo yeah real funny dumbass like i said usually when blacks place a real interest in a sport they tend to excel in it because blacks are more athletic than whites anything measurable yet
i m not worried about the blackout caused by the storm ; i m worried my english assignment due midnight
if you ai nt on my dick .. somebody else will be .
ondickness is necessary lmao
i mean i d still call you a retard afterwards
< user > yea that so so true more info han faggot it becoming feminine thanks for correcting me
the people right behind this nigga they are all bloody sonmother bitcheeez
also the bell curve for iq not only has many more men at the high iq tails but also at the low iq tails so there are retarded men out there voting
orange & scary .
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
guess gary 's given on the whole " civility " thing .
god shall judge us all ... wonder why this country and the world is going to hell .
all the blatant sin and unjust killings - in and out of the womb
< user > o mere pseudo liberal there is diff between refugee and illegal immigrant
it 's like my reaction when i found out white people do n't have white poop
pres johnson buying into the stereotype that blacks were afraid of snakes who is not afraid of snakes he d drive to gas stations with one in his trunk and try to trick black attendants into opening it
gosh , you 're so right , gavin !
nothing says " women 's rights " like burqas , honor killings and fgm , not to mention all the laws in islamic nations that make women subservient to men .
only the most bigoted , intolerant , un - pc and poopyheaded person would fail to recognize that .
and heck , catholics are so much more oppressive with those body - shaming nun outfits .
show some cleavage , sisters !
starbucks everybody remember that in muslim countries they do not allow women kindly ask them to wait in the car and send a man
i feel like such a yt gay when i listen to kim petras but fuck i ca nt resist i m so sorry
well it is still quite small .
but completely over represented during the pride , or during our women * strike last month .
women had a * precising those who identified as such .
we actually have really few trans , but it is growing in the big cities .
i 'm just asking you about the words you claimed are fruity and gay , and how they 're fruity and gay .
you have not yet answered that question .
i 'm starting to believe you ca n't .
nope disgusted muted keep your kike smut to yourself
that two nazi faggot scalps you are next
do n't sit like that !
boys do n't do that !
there 's a little race for governor in virginia , and human - weasel manimal ed gillespie is going full metal racist in his ads .
dems always think that " the media " is somehow the preventive measure for this stuff , that when republicans " go there " the wise old white men of the editorial pages will write sternly worded editorials denouncing them and it will backfire .
it does n't work that way .
those old white men of the editorial pages are often pretty racist themselves , even if they are offended by " the tone . "
more than that , they just do n't have the power and influence they once did .
working the refs has value , but unlike baseball , there are no rules to this game .
we all have to step up and heap scorn on the racists , our scorn is all they deserve .
according to justneckbeardthings , wearing blue jeans is neckbeardy now 
 is there anything that is n't neckbeardy at this point ?
one of the more interesting , but least proven , ideas in history is that good results from good people allowed to do good things -- an idea not found everywhere in the scriptures , old or new , and one specifically challenged by the authors of job , qoheleth , and other protest authors of the hebrew tradition .
plato certainly portrays the death of socrates as a betrayal of the same idea by the good people of athens .
the hebrew tradition explicitly recognizes that god can bring forth good from bad people , as in the case of cyrus the great , often considered a messianic figure .
and the new testament is replete with stories of good people who either did evil or whose good works were not met with tangible success .
i 'm no apologist for mr. trump , but i think the question whether any good can come from his administration is not easily answered in terms of christian faith .
a well deserved honor .
bless his heart , perhaps mr bernstein is the doddering old fool ?
a man who lived in the shadow of mr woodward and still bitter ?
i call that psychological negative projection .
i tend to ignore his outburst .
on god there are no words for the shit i want to happen to this nasty ass cold hearted musty bitch url
the worst feeling is when you become short of breath laying down & amp ; you feel as if you ca n't do the most normal thing anymore ... breathe .
@maddog56529464 @blachufingbla @_scip @edadoun @scb_thailand they shut up go fuck your mother you asshole .. your mother needs your dick for a change or your sister will ! !
go fuck them and do nt waste your time
feminists would n't stand for this kind of company objectifying women .
but of course they 'll support this because men are sub - human .
i live in the philippines i 'm a pilipino my mother 's family is one of the people that get disturbed
agreed folk i did not realize there were optics cucks among us lol sad too much of it these days faggots everywhere
" @codywaggoner1 @kcdnlp fucking hell .
i did n't put " " could " " before " " have " " "
" i 'm a fan of dreadlocks .
i could never do it .
charlie looks good with them though . "
jesus fed 5000 people and died a virgin ... some man carry a woman go kfc one time & want pums .... be like jesus to man ! ! !
cho 😒
the trump administration wants to drastically cut the number refugees entering the us , perhaps to zero people .
so i wrote this . "
in defense of refugees "   url
" .ruraltrust is previewing release of its biennial report , " " why rural matters " " .
changes to census data appear to undercount rural students . "
@multifacettrash men are trash
what is this inter - racial trash ?
hmm you seem to know places where women touch retards , sounds fishy .
and here i thought your mother only popped out einsteins ?
damn there must be thousand of people who would want their money back for fucking the whore .
oh goats too ?
wow your life must be hell if you have to resort to goats after getting rejected from even costco lol
you get applauded for saying women are smarter than men as a feminist
( wave ) swell : 5.3 ft at 16.7 s w / wind wave : 3.0 ft at 9.1 s wnw / wvht : 6.2 ft / apd : 10.6 s / mwd : 267 ° / 12:41p pdt
i personally do n't mind it , so long as we are doing due diligence .
some of the names suggested for the post earlier in the year just did n't inspire confidence , and i 'd much rather we leave this vacant than commit money to a someone who 'll be fired in 2 years .
you must really fucking love gay guys cause holy shit you wasted a whole lot of typing in the comments and all for nothing to cause you are one of the dumbest people i 've ever encountered on this fucking earth .
i know for a fact you have no friends and your a virgin and i would beat the fuck out of you :))) ) clown
trails gone cold , end 's in sight , lose your mind 
 seal your fate , leave us all left behind 
 life under siege , none lives to greive 
 all left to die , nature 's relieved 
 no place to rest , frightened we run 
 when all 's said and done
paul is that stuff about moslems attacking white businesses in bradford on xmas eve true
ai is dumb as fuck so they can only build a retarded robot if they are lucky like ariana grande but smarter
someone said dykes be running mcdonald like it the navy lmfao
race does n't matter , it 's their actions you fucking idiot .
a person is a piece of shit because they 're a piece of shit .
there is a reason that newscasters are hired in part for their appearance .
male , female , does n't matter .
appearance and voice matter .
those with the best of both wind up getting promoted .
politics , once you get beyond the provincial eugene - springfield level , is much the same .
that 's why hillary 's voice keeps being mentioned in op - ed and some actually refer to her as " shrillery " .
there is something to be said for mayor - elect vinis to represent eugene instead ,   she has very similar politics but would be a better saleswoman .
partly because of   her experience as a saleswoman on her current job and partly because of her voice and appearance .
have you ever met a muslim for real have you lived in a islamised area
becoming rapper in 2018 do you want to become a rapper in 2018 ?
overdose .
active kindly follow whoever likes and retweets this post 🐐
do you lads like yachts are you aware that caligula had the first yachts built out of wood of course not because he was deranged and had sex with a horse maybe just maybe that is a lie no goy < number > gorrillion jews died
i find this rather ironic , especially since there are members of the gay community who find   rappers , predominantly black , to be quite angry , homophobic and disrespectful to the gay community ... not to mention the caribbean and african nations ( again , predominantly black ) that openly promote violence and even killing of gay men .
i 'm still waiting for blm to issue a response on   this topic ( which they curiously seem to gloss over ) .
the irony of the situation is disgusting !
got a couple more companies you can boycott this christmas season first one is ford they have got several < number > ads out featuring blip length shots of white men w other than white women this is becoming the norm too you defile the white man that will drive our women into their hands wn
here are a few of my favourites by dr. pierce !
i gave up on correcting my spelling it gives retarded liberals something to cry about
half an hour later in newfoundland ! !
about time !
mr. minister , what do you plan to do about the tax sheltered villa in france " in the name of tax fairness ? "
what about your other tax shelters .
do you plan to lead by example and expose your tax fairness practices ?
that new nike react technology on that running shoe is giving ultra boosts a run for their money
< user > i hate you
excuse me serge but the truth of the matter is that almost every one of these hate hoaxes in the last 10 years have been staged by the same people claiming to be the victims .
i do n't care who 's feelings are hurt when all the commentor is doing is pointing out the truth .
somewhere someone must have given you guys the impression that people care whether or not the truth could be interpreted as being anti semitic .
we do n't !
if the shoe fits ... wear it !
netting overhead might help prevent vandals from tossing pumpkins off them at halloween .
perhaps one will land on a city councilor 's car roof .
that might change their minds .
until it affects them personally these penny - wise and pound - foolish politicians will likely remain tight - fisted , while throwing money at such follies as harbor - town and the recycled composites program .
if there 's a sniff of money to be made or embezzled that 's where the politicians interests are piqued .
@shanobiespurs @keemstar @gaywonk black people call themselves the n word all the time therefore its okay for a white person to say !
she a hoe cause your boyfriend want her ?
she scary cause she do nt talk shit like y' all ?
she ugly cause you do n't like her ?
grow up !
fucking white bread with the crust taken off smushed into a little ball that hogdiggedyddmon keanu reeves pig
there is no diversity .
just conforming to another 's culture .
by definition , no peaceful ( no sarcastic quote marks needed ) muslims kill others .
for that matter , of the hundred or so muslims i have met or the thousands i have been around , not one has ever attempted to convert me to their religion .
however , in the us , quite a few have gone out of their way to try to convert me to their particular variety of christian belief .
the jordanian air force pilot was captured while on a bombing raid over isil held syrian territory .
it was a war .
certainly burning alive is n't sanctioned by the geneva conventions , but isil is n't a signatory .
estimates of the size of isil , worldwide , range from 40 k to 200 k fighters .
there are 1.6 billion mostly peaceful muslims , and that includes the vast majority of muslims in warring states .
isil burned a pilot .
in texas recently , drunken white men roped an older black man and dragged him to death behind a pickup .
in wyoming drunks beat up a gay man and tied him to a barbed wire fence to freeze to death .
quit hating .
i could srsly care less abt how i look at school , oh i wear the same thing everyday ?
ok and y does it bother you ¿ ¿ ? ? ? ¿ ?
ho keep sayin in the1 dior on my bitch and flood myself in saint laurent ⭐ ️ ⚠ ️
my humor is so fucked i need friends who are legit bad people just so i can express that side of it and not get dirty looks .
< user > but dirty jewellery 😔 billie pls
oh belatedly remembering i had a thread for this ? ? ?
sorry this is me for the next 24 hrs pls mute me if u want
homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against white genocide , only hypocrites can , i 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .
being bi is awesome , sure it comes with people both gay and straight thinking ' bi now , gay later ' but it has given me a wonderful insight on the world .
i am my own man and sometimes a man and i will share a beautiful moment , sometimes a woman .
each relationship is as special as the last and comes with its own uniqueness .
" advocates are celebrating the moment because it 's the first time the legislation has received a full vote from either chamber of congress .
for them , it 's a sign of the progress lgbtq rights have seen over the years . "
@voxdotcom # globalequalitynow 🌎   url
that nigga neck long like an ostrich bird 🤣 🤣
" what y all gon ' hear today ... is the mother of all anti semitic hate raps .... this is revenge for all the dead children that fell victim from way back .. this here is for every single arab .. shit , even the christians gon ' feel like they 're getting their payback once i rape your mother in the ass with no protection , bare back , wearing a mel gibson face mask ...   bruh .. one of the best opening verses of all time .
period .
niggas be hating on immigrants but don ’ t even got a license bro u worried about driving away the wrong foreigns 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️
what is under dispute is whether canadian taxpayers should be routinely liable for establishing the burden of proof that the foreign liars have lied on their citizenship application .
the courts want to extend charter protection to non - canadians .
i trust the state to build and operate a pipeline about as well as they built and ran the delta barley project .
i can relate to the white boys rage at young women these days back in my day the late 9 0 and early 2 0 0 0 the girls were not really copying ghetto culture it was the white boys and we called them wiggers gross
ajs stands by and supports our lgbtq community and wishes everyone a very happy and safe pride month celebration !
we are also happy to share the below images which reflects our setiments .
@goalny # pridemonth # pride2019 # lbgtq # gay url
i 'm ushering at a musical .
before the show , i volunteer to help carry some lighting equipment .
technician : : that 's too heavy for a girl .
let someone else get it .
me : : i 'm not incapable of carrying it , thanks .
i pick it up and we carry the equipment down to one of the theatre rooms .
technical director : : ( pointing at the two of us ) just saying , i 'm calling this right now . (
the implication being that the techie and i will start dating ) me : : oh , please .
i 'm totally gay .
technical director : : i do n't think you know that .
i felt patronized , underestimated , distrusted , frustrated , and angry .
as if he knows me better than i know myself .
if a man ca n't even be alone in the wilderness .
@dbongino boy are some of you going to be suprised when jesus shows up and he says " and who are you ? "
denying jesus is going to smack you straight up when he comes for us believers ! !
omg , you equate your privileged white male status with the hatred and oppression of others especially people of colour , women , muslims , jews , etc .
that someone would dare question or criticize that unearned status or demand equality for people other than white males does not make you a victim in any way .
the fact is your whining only shows ignorance and lack of regard for others .
pathetic .
that doesn`t sound to bad , wait till you see 30 kids , 5 of which are white !
a couple of retarded liberal has beens bend the knee for stupidity is anyone surprised does anyone care
where this goes awry is when we allow the women to take control and begin applying their compassion in inappropriate and even damaging ways as my wife puts it women are to love those the husband allows into the home < number > < number >
honestly men are gross , entitled and dangerous .
and if you say " you 're afraid of men " i 'd say " hell yes " , men have given me every reason to fear for my fucking life around them , they 've give me zero reason to trust them .
they were ridiculing him , sky .
try and keep up .
have links in bios been fucking up for anyone else
april 1st , a day of lies .
april 2nd , hmm ... i 'm looking forward to today , and it 's not just because of # wrestlemania . & #
128526;&#128526 ;
i think when people say black community or hispanic community it really means ghetto i notice no matter what race all ghetto people have the same character traits and ignorant attitude they are all violent and easily lead the media is pandering to their ignorance
please sticky - new subreddit to subscribe to - /r / niceguyswatch where we criticize /r / niceguys
the basic idea is the same .
she thinks there is something wrong with gay people .
regardless of what she thinks should happen to those people ( i 'm going to assume she at least thinks they should be sent to re - education facilities ) , she is already a piece of human trash .
american vets discarded by the jews are passing this and organizing against them they wo nt protect jewish lives now that everybody knows jews want whitegenocide achtung juden
behold , incelbros : i 'm cucking the enemy !
@clairecmc # mississippiraids # iceraids who do you think brought them here ? ?
yes that 's right !
and why ?
because they can pay them less and abuse them and make them pay for the abuse done to them , by docking their already low pay !
url
i do n't agree with trump that the freedom caucus is his enemy .
the caucus wants you to be more conservative , @realdonaldtrump
shit use to slap when you was starving , niggas got it out the mud 🤷 🏾‍ ♂ ️
you can take affirmative action low iq hoodrats like maliaobama out of the ghetto but you can never take the ghetto out of the hoodrats
jews orchestrate white genocide because whites are the most powerful race the race of conquerors and supreme victors in military culture technology and all forms of civilization you sandniggers are all the same to me jew collaborators when convenient
my < number > inch tv arrived yesterday .
i was n't expecting a midget transvestite .
meaningless to those who have eyes , but can not see , and to those who have ears , but can not hear .
fag dennis grahl from berlin needs a hard mouthfuck url
@kimmygrangerxxx i want my dick in your pussy 😘 😘
💔 you are pathetic 👊 🏻 ... after i take your cash i will make your tiny dick the laughing stock of all my girlfriends !
😂 🔥 vanilla girl humiliation 🔥   💕 url url
i show do like the jeffersons .
dat george make me wanna open up a dry cleaning stow and call all da white folk honkey
" do not go gentle into that good night , 
 old age should burn and rave at close of day ; 
 rage , rage against the dying of the light . "

did the commissioners allocate funds for a decibel meter ?
that is < number > thing every kike lacks integrity
a queer black person is < number > times more likely to experience police violence than a queer white person —
@kayajones @bioman777 we 've had this societal problem since they took god out of the schools .
disrespect for the rule of law and wanting government to be the solution to the problem is bred from not believing a savior will come for us one blessed day .
the signs say oppose tommy , yet he is the only one who speaks up for them .
the pakistani muslims will rape their daughters and destroy the english people !
how do you turn vegetables into fruit ?
teach the special education kids about lgbt propaganda .
look at the polls .
most german " " men " " are too cowardly and to even fight for their own country if it was invaded .
how can you expect them to stick out their neck for others ?
especially for the people they consider rebellious island monkeys .
oh and pandora .
just fyi , i am muting your annoying trolling again .
bye - bye .
gorsuch on supreme court will twist constitution & amp ; jeopardize voting rights & amp ; rule in favor of big business & amp ; wealthy # makeamericagreatagain
a bitch want friends 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♀ ️
why did hope hicks quit ?
trump tried to grab her guns .
communism can actually work on extremely small scales but once you scale above a commune it goes to shit fast if you disagree i will get my thumb width stick and islam some sense into you
how can someone my age ( 15 ) get involved in the advocacy of men 's rights ?
let the deportations begin
notice how trump , after the usual thoughts and prayers comments keeps his mouth shut when the mass murderers are red blooded american men .
but let the killer be a muslim   or middle eastern immigrant and trump just burns up the twitterverse .
throw him in guantanamo , radical muslim extremists , blah , blah , blah .
obviously trump thinks the punishment should be different for the same crime depending on the race of the killer .
do n't forget t rump , your buddies in saudi arabia are also muslims .
of course that 's different because they sell us oil and they buy american made weapons and munitions which they proceed to drop on other muslims !
does anyone really wonder why there are terrorists wandering the planet ?
if your loved one is murdered in a mass killing do you really care whether the guy was mad at his mother - in - law or pod at us military operations in the middle east ?
they are all terrorist killings !
trump just mines the isis type attacks for his racist agenda .
i do n't & # 128683 ; keep friends & # 128109;&#128107;&#128108 ; they come & # 128072 ; and go & # 128073 ; , do n't fuck & # 128581 ; with these bitches & # 128109;&#128109 ; .
fake all they know . & #
128175;&#10004;&#65039 ;
this has nothing to do with racism , its called identity politics , formerly called divide and concur .
i am sick of hearing about the grenfell tower fire it was a muslim bomb factory that blew up
< user > < user > < user > while i enjoyed the dmz comic i can not support brian wood the creator of said series after he was exposed for sexual harassment multiple times
< user > “ bitches doing blackface ”
almost all parrots nest in tree hollows or nest boxes in captivity and lay white eggs from which hatch altricial helpless young
why does celebrating diversity do more harm than good ?
a crack smoking homosexual muslim liar pretending to be a whole other person becomes the fake president does not concern you hm
w abbott , 

 i do not call those who oppose the ordination of women heretics , but i am watching the intensity of their attacks on anyone who does n't agree totally creating great offense in the church .
their attacks are driving the spiritual weak and those searching for how to apply truth in their lives , in particular our youth , out of the church .
i find that very distressing when i have put so much effort into bringing some of them into the church .
speaking of how jesus treats the spiritually weak , matthew 12:20 says , " a bruised reed he will not break , and a smoldering wick he will not snuff out , till he leads justice to victory . "
so until god 's ultimate victory over sin is delivered , i think the opponents of wo need to start behaving more like jesus and refocus their energies on more practical matters like nurturing the spiritually weak as they wrestle with far more important issues .
now another 18000 +   welfare cases living on tax payers money 
 = = = = drunk 24 hours a day== the kids sniffing glue at age of 5 + + and endless sexual assaults on the young females by their own relatives = and all blaming on the evil white man
fuck hole ass u
in the future all sex is going to be gay sex so we 'll see who 's laughing then .
as for the rest of you , if you want to clean shit out of your boy 's turtleneck , good on you .
as for me and my household , we 'll go the way of the lord .
bitches retarded
request for stats on domestic violence 
 i 'm looking for a stat on domestic violence that showed there is more allegations in family court than normal .
yeah or you can start from the negative look at nonwhite countries and nonwhite ghettos in white countries and go from there it is not a difficult question
poor little sissy bitch , you 're trapped and utterly enslaved to me now .
😘   # mistress # sissy # femdom # strapon url
& # 128530 ; my nerves are being worked cos of my monkey & # 128529;&#128545 ;
it is duty of every pakistani to defend motherland against malicious propaganda by foreign agents / evil forces and raise genuine issues of common people # teampakistanzindabad url
niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down , just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders , fuck you nigger oboama !
... multiple times you 're gunna fuck me selling my number up bc like wtf ... ?
pathetic
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > i would have two dollars .
what do you call a nice looking black woman ?
hot chocolate
wew !
@esagermany are showing the donation messages on src !
i 've realized that i and the rest of the @oddworldinc ru … https://t.co/5uekgqkcac
you may think this title contains the word blаck , but it actually does not .
autofag begone .
wow @vp such a hypocrite if you 're going to take the # lbgt monies at 35,000.00 per couple than stop taking their rights way !
stop spreading the hate against them !
i stalked a nigga n snitch on him b4 ... # aprilfools .
got me fucked up i ai n't a # fuckboy # fucknigga # pussynigga # clown # faggot # chin
muh brown people
when some years ago individual anglican priests converted to catholicism many including the bishop of london were ordained sub conditione on the basis that they could trace their ' pedigree ' back to ordinations and consecration in which validly ordained old catholic bishops participated which might have validated their ordinations .
i understand that st john paul ii put an end to these conditional ordinations .
ordinations now to priests in the ordinariate are ' absolute ' .
bryce is so fucking disgusting .
i am in fucking tears
fuck a nigga & fuck a bitch
you 'll still be a male if we remove your testicles , so what are we waiting for , christmas ?
why are n't you ?
might just as well throw niggers and street shitters in there too as long as were going to clean the house lets get it all the first time
actually , it is about murder .
the reason for the extradition request surround a murder .
it says this in the article itself ....
i raped a sheep because it sneezed at a pig
drake is 60 years old and has never served in any sort of civic capacity , much less held any position in government , let alone been a springfield city councilor .
a man who has no experience at all in civic matters after living for six decades , and never done anything previously to serve our community ,   suddenly now wants to be our mayor ?
that is such a joke .
the fact that his campaign is focusing so much on springfield 's schools shows how totally ignorant he is about how government works .
the city government plays no role at all with the schools in springfield .
they are operated by the springfield school district , which is entirely independent of the city government .
the school district gets its funding from local property taxes and from the state government in salem , neither of which the city of springfield has any control over whatsoever .
and yet , he criticizes mayor lundberg for the low graduation rate of springfield 's high schools .
what a ridiculous campaign .
you 're a guy , should n't you be able to change your own oil ?
if i deal with a nigga idgaf about who he use to fuck with u bitches find stalk me 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️
what do you call fastfood that you eat in the basement ?
pommes fritzl
when life is crumbling you can reply on white men to tell you how much they hate your dyed hair and choice in music bro i do nt even like you next
i feel like me saying i wanna be a teacher and then in the same breath being like grammar is a fucking joke gives a lot of white boomers whiplash
if you want to come hang out with some fun trans people we all up in here : url
< user > if you do not see the difference between illegal immigrants and babies you do not belong in government
i would lap up all that cum and suck you dry !
< user > i think he basically the resident typical gay professor for a lot of right leaning people he takes everything academia holds dear inverts it and presents it in the gayest possible way for shock value protection and profit that my take
jesus was a cross dressing female .
you people did n't know that but i do n't think it 's fair to deny it .
jesus wanted women to be priests , homosexuals to have nuptial masses , and for men to be able to have sex with donkeys .
now where does jesus say men can not have sex with donkeys ?
where does jesus say that ?
he does n't !
therefore , we can say it is very ignorant to say men can not be with beasts .
where does jesus say specifically that people can not marry their sisters ?
he doesn't. therefore , you people are ignorant who say that you ca n't marry or bang your sister because show me where jesus says that ! !
if she 's telling the truth about being raped when she was younger ( i do n't believe it ) then it 's proof that black guys will literally fuck anything .
self - loathing is a sign of introspection 
 i find it to be a good and attractive quality
normies tell us to kill ourselves - but our attitude is why we ca n't get laid
what did hitler call his recliner ?
mein kampf - y chair .
so a white puerto rican alaskan muslim vet goes into a bar
so if no sprinkler system -- potential buyers should be made aware when buying these older condos ?
full disclosure ?
quiet the meeting is taking place , lets listen .
okay everyone quiet down , let me check the attendance .
right professors bomba , singh , abam , mohammed and ratpoor .
where is professor ghana , oh he is coming in and sitting .
right lets look at these resumes shall we .
wow this fella has attended 5   university 's , did his post doc at harvard and look at how well published he is .
look at his background !
i have never seen such an impressive resume before oh wait !
he is a white christian male , someone hand me that rejection stamp .
fucking up all night studying gon na pass all my test !
my girlfriend 's dad said if i beat him in an arm wrestle that we could have sex .
he 's the funniest bilateral amputee i know .
why is tumblr bad for your health ?
it 's full of transfats
< user > < user > happy birthday muzzy 🐻
you may think this title contains the word blаck , but it actually does not .
autofag begone .
let 's not fool ourselves .
canada quietly rewrote the rules governing the export of arms to other countries .
no longer do such exports hinge on whether the recipient nation is a human rights abuser .
instead , the canadian rules now strive to " balance the economic and commercial interests of canadian business " with this country 's " national interest . "
what does that tell you ?
it does n't matter if its ' legal ' , it is abundantly immoral , the royal saudi air force are bombing yemini hospitals , ports , warehouses , factories , schools , markets and homes .
not only is sa committing atrocities , but these are capitalist wars , and have nothing to do with the working man / woman , it is disgusting sa is an ally .
even if you do n't watch 13 reasons why , watch the last episode because holy god .
anyone and everyone of all ages should watch it .
yeah , you must live in a safe space cause niggas ouchea do n't give a single fuck about going to jail .
a bright , common sense , reasonable , talented , and beautiful young black conservative mother / woman .
exactly the kind of role model that our young women / girls greatly need .
i 'd vote for her in a heartbeat .
i 'm going to find her on different media 's and support her , and i suggest that all of those who want to get our country back on the right track , do the same .
god bless america .
🇺 🇸
if women wrote the creation myth , it would go as follows : 
 god made adam , said , " oops ! " ,
and then created eve .
then he said , " now my creation is perfect !
lol
why would a muslim wanna leave the country 🤔 this country i mean not his own shithole gross a rab country of course he would want to leave his own country even if he gets arrested it still way better than living in whatthefuckistan
the crew gon na pull up in all white foreigns next year 💰
agree on the dl .
the ol , once leary was out with a concussion , siemian got sacked a bunch .
this line needs better backups and is still a work in progress .
much better than last year , but not good enough yet .
even scofield would have helped when leary was out .
or maybe not .
maybe is n't good enough .
see as a bi girl , i can look at pretty girls and instead of " i want to be her " to " i want to be with her "
icon66 , i have a vision for a better america where all people are dealt the same hand at birth , through school , and on the job and housing market .
i think that can be achieved .
but not overnight .
not with one election .
how long , my lord , how long must i wait ?
it will take some time , and a lot of pain , i am afraid , before we see a land free of trouble , free to all to live in peace .
but as martin said , some day , we shall see the promised land .
do n't give up hope , and do n't stop pushing for justice .
" why people think gay marriage is okay is beyond me .
sorry i do n't want my future son seeing 2 fags walking down the street holding hands an
i want the local lgbt bakery to bake a cake that says : 

 " only two genders "
at the expense of repeating myseld whaddya expect from a free speech sm platform run by a kike and a street shitter free speech
his movement , drawing intense media attention to cops who kill unarmed black men under any circumstances , if successful , would help to stop about 0.1 % of cases of killings of black males in the usa .
hopefully his movement will be successful and then he can move on to the other 99.9 % of cases of killings of black males in the usa .
yes tells a lot its important to note his chief of staff is iranian vallery jarret she is one of the true red diaper babies a progeny like obama and cultural marxists identify with islam because there is little difference between both ideologies
# vsvillage my victories : landed a neuro summer internship , gave my first research talk at a national conference and am acing my classes !
i swear some guys are good for nothing ... i do nt know how some women put up with their pussy ass boyfriends , who do nt support , help , or motivate them .
ugh boy i feel your pain ... it 's so hard .
it 's really hard .
but i am beyond happy the world slowly becomes a more and more better place for lgbtq+ people .
guy sounds like a faggot villain , ugly ass snake too tf 😂 😂
< user > < user > < user > they are all over the place so you will walk past one on the way to your connecting gate over the years the actual target agency has changed but it always one of the orgs that helps refugee kids or other at risk children
believing in and worshiping the creator alone simple logical natural this is islam atheism
< user > < user > < user > without looking you judged he was a white christian queer because he supports trump
@scmxclxmpz i pressed you nigga fytb shut ya bitch ass up too i 'll beat you tf up on god you ca n't spell neither dumb ass bitch niggas say u sound like a 7 year old so stfu bitch u ass and you can run my series on bro 🗣 ( block list )
when did russia invade crimea or ukraine ?
when did russia shoot down mh-17 ?
neither of the competing mh-17 reports accuse russia of shooting it down .
and when did russia target schools and hospitals in syria ?
some of the hospitals the usa claimed russia to have bombed have been discovered to be full standing , with no damage , and still in operation .
others have been found to have never existed in the first place .
if you want to look at evils , think of what the usa and its coalition is doing in mosul , iraq , where there is more than 2x the average weekly civilian deaths as were occurring in aleppo , syria .
the whole western media focus on aleppo , syria was a decoy from the much worse state of things happening during the usa - coalition 's campaign in mosul , iraq .
do n't let yourself be so easily manipulated by propaganda and false information .
@kimdamore esp disease ... extremely small penis .
these ridiculous military - gun nuts are afflicted with little dicks .
i 'd never date such a pathetic dude .
< user > not me bitch
connect enthusiastically .
give relentlessly .
and lead bravely .
do that , and the future is yours ! –
ted coine # quote
< user > < user > nah nazis are evil
apparently today that ghetto culture i for one am utterly sanguine at our dysgenic future
john conyers explains that the reason all of the women he sexually exploited or harassed were white this is just black man getting even for slavery and segregation it is what black men are today a bunch of racists who abuse white women
what the pride parades are all about , it 's not celebrating your sexuality , it 's about not having to be ashamed of your sexuality because you 're being told it 's wrong and show people who may be questioning or in the closet they should n't be either .
to be proud about all the obstacles that have been over come but also remind people that it 's still an ongoing issue .
of course they blame trump .
so silly .
they said it just had to be a white trump supporter who burned that black church .
turned out it was a parishioner .
who was black , and democrat .
all those muslim women who said men assaulted them because they were muslim .
turned out all their stories fell apart , and they admitting to lying .
now this , and of course the usual reactionaries make stuff up to smear everyone who did n't vote for hillary .
sorry gang , but it does n't quite follow that the supporters of the guy who is super pro israel would go on a terror spree against jews .
and of course , the usual people have made up their minds that everyone who is n't a prog is a member of the kkk .
what a sad bunch some of you are .
i 'll fuck all them little bitches up url
tv a mental ghetto where thought goes to die
# breaking : confirmed ef1 short track tornado touched down near sharpsburg , ga in eastern coweta county yesterday .
the latest at 11
reminder : there 's no such thing as chicks with dicks 

 only dudes with tits
" when you can not offer a cogent argument that can stand on its merits , then you resort to labels . "
irony is lost on you .
it 's amazing you wrote that .
you categorically label gay people and liberals all the time .
borme 's comment is spot on :   " you mean terms like ' snowflake ' , ' demonrats ' and ' libtard ' ?
i 'm pretty sure it is n't liberals that use those much "
andrew scheer should have peter kent publish a ghost written op - ed in rolling stone saying that trudeau is not so great and that the cpc love america so much , that they will undermine their own country on foreign soil again , and again , and again ...
the world is full of gold oil diamonds even shit stink paintings go fo billions and a nigger broke .
somthing fishy going on
research into pointless topics ?
just how many angels can dance on the head of a pin ?
partisan issues are boring .
even 8 0 iq blacks swarming and murdering whites while yelling git dem dey white know what white is but you do not hmm perhaps i owe you an apology making fun of the retarded is rather base
common blacked on get em high
being transgender is like changing teams in csgo once you switch you 'll get hated and kicked
has stupid rich hoe
men 's right should focus on legalising and protecting men 's right to marry a another man 
 it should be a top focus for # mensright to protect the most persecuted groups of men .
@ronnie2 k shut the fuck up ronnie show us shit we want to see or do n't post muslim
< user > < user > < user > government forced pregnancies on < number > year old raped girls is what christian sharia law looks like in america old white men dictating women health issues and reproductive rights do better america
" @poobie _ : when bitches twerk on the computer .... 

 me : " in ya & # 128089 ; , in ya damn & # 128089;&#8252;&#65039 ; " "
protesting against a man who is a pathological liar and a misogynist , and tragically is also your head of state , is not something to be questioned .
it is to be cheered .
catholics do n't subscribe to " one saved , always saved " theology which is what is espoused in amazing grace .
can ’ t help wondering if his friend had been raped by a white guy would he have gone out for a week looking to provoke and kill white guys
and that is fine , joe --- nothing wrong with that .
this is a special moment that you share with god , remembering when you , as an altar server , approached the altar of god , the " joy of your youth . "
< user > < user > i hate erdogan but you are racist nazi sucker
omg just rec a dm from a company saying their intrested in my eyes-&amp;want me to send some photos in , they're an optician company .. wow ! !
male redditor describes a female pressured by her friends to lose her virginity , told her he was n't ready and tried shoving her away , but she forced herself upon him , other redditors point out he was raped and the thread snowballs how females ca n't rape [ r / askreddit ]
if you got laid at least once on your own volition ( i.e. , not paid ) , does that mean you 're not an incel ?
they took me and my friend leah to the ghetto in stanislau in poland where all the toddlers of jewish families were housed we had to wash the diapers of < number > babies was and climbed into its chimney to hide
i predict that the revered cardinal will be able to find many women who will agree that women should be segregated and discriminated against , restricted to an advisory capacity .
there will be enough women lining up and signing up for this , and all these women will agree that no woman is qualified or good enough to be an actual cardinal or an actual priest , and that women are limited and lacking because they have merely a supposed ' feminine genius ' and not a male genius .
therefore , shut the women up in a separate segregated group and ignore them .
what a travesty !
the unarmed black men and women in the news who have been killed by police were not committing violent crimes .
i think one was for a broken tail light , another for selling cigarettes on the street .....   i mean , pul - lease stop being an apologist for a horrible reality that black people are almost twice as likely to be killed by the police and it is wrong .
that 's decently obsolete at this point unfortunately .
all the feminazi scientists making babies without us .
pedro gonzales it 's because of you .
whites did nothing .
but give money .
i think i always knew i was attracted to women but it 's often so hard to tell with bisexuality .
like once i realized that straight people do n't feel attraction the same way i was like " oh well i guess i 'm bi " but that did n't happen until i was 17 .
now i look back on the earlier parts of my life and wonder how it was n't more obvious
memorial day remember why we fought so white women can serve black men who then crap out the food later dmtbka
speaking of gloria steinem , how does she simultaneously take a stand for the advancement of women 's rights while expressing solidarity with muslims ?
good to know that trump is a bigger threat to women 's freedom than a religion that treats them as second - class citizens .
would the response be as positive if it was a male poster ?
i 'm sorry ms. claycomb felt harassed by dissenters to government forced fluoridation of the water supply .
but she should understand that her favored policy is not an innocuous issue .
i inquired with water officials in 2000 who assured me that fluoridation was not a possibility .
i bought a house on that basis , then ended up fighting fluoridation for a prolonged period to no avail .
i 'm sorry i did n't sell the   house immediately .
there is likely no possibility of convincing an advocate of man made climate change of the extreme foolishness of fluoridation , but perhaps she could at least develop a modicum of compassion for others oppressed by a supremely   ignorant policy .
sweat to god must be gods plan that a just stay a fat bastard aw ma life , joined the gym went twice and fucked my leg
well no jesus christ are all anti - vaxx people this retarded
my ( slightly ) homophobic mom managed to get me a literal lgbtq pride flag towel because she thinks i just like rainbows a lot lmao
what in the heck is this troll talking about ? ? ?
get real man
" his longtime girlfriend deserves what she gets by getting ugly and fat .
your answer only reveals your deep hatred of men . "
and your response reveals your deep hatred of women .
if @tabteamracing blue beat @eusc_sailing black in the final it 'd be a record - breaking 4th year @tabteamracing have won # busatrfinals !
so now all the refugees in europe can now go home oh wait you mean they are not going hm
it amazing how the 2 non white in the lower left corner are chanting .... hmmm time to look in the mirror and question where your ancestors are from .
if they are really interested in fairness , why not take the cap off of rrsp contributions altogether .
that way everyone can save for retirement according to how responsible their spending habits might be .
nonhindi speaking states who gleefully voted for bjp , it was tn mps of opposition who stopped the postal examination in hindi & english .
now all regional languages will be allowed .
we helped give jobs to your people even when you voted against yourself .
who is nationalist now ?
the problem is that , they are the vocal half of wmaf .
honestly no , fuck joe rogan , bobby does nt need to be part of his league of homosexuals .
insinuating that i am the retard whilst claiming to be in the alt right whilst shilling for jews and faggots nice whole new levels of retard have been achieved with this one
i member when clinton said … you could put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables the racist sexist homophobic xenophobic islamaphobic you name it and now trump supporters are all white supremacist nazis and trump is hitler reincarnated fud
" proven by the existence of the church and its hierarchy , " modeled completely after the imperial state you mean ? ?
well if that is n't the most circular of circular arguments i 've ever heard ... nice try though and thanks for the laugh !
bangladesh awami league wishes everyone around the world a very happy , blessed and prosperous # eidulfitr # eidmubarak url
< user > < user > dawg at my last job all them white boys was married or was before n i always heard my fuckin whore ass wife dude
instead of pointing fingers and attempting to place blame on individual 's , organizations or government 's try offering a answer to the problem .
i myself am homeless .
everyday i check the news for new information regarding homelessness in oregon .
as far as i can tell nothing has been accomplished .
there is a lot of talk going on but no action . (
unless you count taking people to jail , throwing every possession someone owns away or making sure that the homeless are not welcome in your neighborhood ) 
 i hate to say this but " i 'm looking for a hand up not a hand out " .
but it 's true ... if i could get myself out of the situation i 'm in i would have .
but i ca n't !
i need help , i 've looked and asked for it but nothing .
i 'm just one of many homeless who is willing to work willing to jump through whatever hoops are required to put a roof over my head .
but there is nothing .
i do n't understand ... when did we stop being your neighbors ?
why do you hate us so much ?
stop arguing and do something to help
ik ben compleet fucked up • cedric # storyofmylife # ikvoeljejongen
what is ironic about the lgbt < allcaps > flag ?
all the colors are straight .
@theibbyv1 nah fuck that hoe
if a man expects a women to be an angel in his life he must first create heaven for her angels do not live in hell
so if they are against mr. trump , our future president , then who do they support ?
i would think a vast majority of them are for bernie or the criminal hillary .
be proud of your fellow supporters if you to support the latter two .
remember , this is what you want .
there 's a little race for governor in virginia , and human - weasel manimal ed gillespie is going full metal racist in his ads .
dems always think that " the media " is somehow the preventive measure for this stuff , that when republicans " go there " the wise old white men of the editorial pages will write sternly worded editorials denouncing them and it will backfire .
it does n't work that way .
those old white men of the editorial pages are often pretty racist themselves , even if they are offended by " the tone . "
more than that , they just do n't have the power and influence they once did .
working the refs has value , but unlike baseball , there are no rules to this game .
we all have to step up and heap scorn on the racists , our scorn is all they deserve .
q : what do you call it when 4 black guys fuck a black girl ?
a : a foursome 


 q : what do you call it when 4 white guys fuck a black girl ?
a : law and order
" it is important to understand the epidemic of violence against trans women of color and the crisis point at which we are now and have been for years , " an executive director of a south carolina lgbtq group said .
url
cows or horses would be pretty risky .
fakenews is following hillary example blame everyone else for causing the violence even though they say kill and fight in their articles bye bye fake guys
from me to me fuck you nobody care about you you meant to be alone go kill yourself
love that sleeveless dress .
it makes it easier to pull down to squeeze her tits or pull up to eat her pussy
you ca n't live on a mountainside and expect the city to pay when the land starts to slide downhill like nature intended .
the same way you ca n't live beachfront and expect the city to pay when erosion occurs and eats away at your property .
these are the inherent risks you take when buying those properties .
sorry no one explained that to you and it did n't work out for you but do n't expect the rest of us to pay the bill for your risk taking .
< user > help i am retarded idk what it mean
in response to " now they want to add 1.5 trillion to the debt ? " ....
taxes do n't added to the debt .
i think spending money is what adds to the debt .
and yes , the republicans are doing that .
and moors were sand niggers originally but african niggers stole their name because they never accomplished anything in their history still no plumbing in africa kangs should demand greatness but africans produce futility
i 'm a straight guy .
gay bars do n't cater to me , so i do n't go there .
i do n't hate gay bars , i do n't want gay bars to shut down .
i do n't want gay bars to be forced to make me feel welcome .
and i do n't want them to lose business .
i just choose not to go there .
i wish them all the best in their venture , but it 's not for me .
see how easy that is ?
i would n't go into a halal deli and demand a bacon sandwich either .
because i 'm not a jerk .
if i want a bacon sandwich , i 'll go somewhere else .
one term guy .
so lame .
do n't care about the veto 's .
just not a fan of this man .
jeffco police could n't find a doughnut that was stapled to their bottom lip !
if she is in the women 's room then i would like to be confident that she is a woman with all of the right anatomy ... and not just a perv who snuck in trying to get himself aroused .
i attend grad school in the bay area so you will be hard pressed to amaze me with portland oregon weird .
it 's so simple if everyone uses the toilet that matches with their anatomy .
should a man wish to use the women 's room then the price of admission is straightforward and simple ... right ?
so , when you take away legal guns from law - abiding citizens , are you also going to take away illegal guns from law - rejecting criminals ?
i 'd like to hear your plan for that .
it seems you 've got this well thought out .
also , i wonder what the average police response time is in butte .
i 'm sure they would have gotten in time to prevent the home owner from being killed .
# thinking so efe could actually stay 3 months without smoking weed .
you people should just give him the money .
ije ego & # 128514 ; & # 128514 ; & # 128514 ;
i lived up there from 1967 to 1970 .
i loved it .
i consider myself lucky to have lived in alaska as a young teenager .
these people completely run contrary to every alaskan i ever met .
alaskans are smart , resourceful , and good neighbors .
these people appear to be none of these in my opinion .
just because they were n't 18 when they did it .
makes me absolutely fucking sick
america is supposed to be home to free speech except there is one problem most of the platforms are privately owned by jews and the jews could not care less about your free speech wake up white people the jews control what you see and hear be vigilant
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
“ so what ? ”
says donald trump as he pushes the red button .
it gives him comfort to kill things .
just like god when killed almost every living thing on earth : children , pregnant women , babies , men , boys , animals of every kind , plants .
now that ’s the kind of mass murder that ’s gets the spiritual juices going .
< user > every failure find someone else to put the blame on buhari is a fucking failure
fyi this episode did appear on pbskids.org .
i watched it with my son ; it was pretty cute .
kids live in a world where gay people get married , and that includes parents of their friends , aunts or uncles , and yes , even teachers .
it 's important to show children those relationships in media as a way to help them understand real life .
el paso is a border town .
i 'll bet you every fucking dollar i have that the shooting today was not done by an undocumented immigrant .
hey artster as chief hater for the posters here , please give us the pleasure of seeing you trash soros the instigator in chief paying for all this so called protesting !
i do nt care who is , trump is doing the right thing and legal thing too , get over it .
you look like a ficking pedophile you ugly fat faggot .
die
time to send the cunts to the men 's jail .
y'all are so fucking worthless and useless .
we do n't give a shit about your meaningless words .
you 're just a sign of cash for us 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️ # findom # cuckold # alphacouple url
i stalked a nigga n snitch on him b4 ... # aprilfools .
got me fucked up i ai n't a # fuckboy # fucknigga # pussynigga # clown # faggot # chin
" santino fontana for ' transphobia the musical ' "
that goes for anybody who disrespects our armed forces i think it should be a crime and the punish for that crime is to be exiled from our nation
warning : if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways then i will hear from heaven and i will forgive their sin and will heal their land .
babies blood is crying out from the ground , false accusations against the president , disrespect men with men women with women , fornicators , fowl mouths ... etc a new green deal will not help you , only humility and repentance will god hear .
america in god we trust we are the people called by his name .
stop killing our babies ban abortion .
we need to repent from our wicked ways .
maga speakfreely if the world already hates you white people if black women already hate white women out of jealousy if black men already hate white men out of inferiority complex if arabs hate whites due to religion what exactly do you have to lose by loving yourself
" forgive us our trespasses as we forgive ... "   that 's a condition .
as chaput said recently if we do n't serve the poor we will go to hell .
that 's a condition .
http://aleteia.org/2015/03/23/serve-the-poor-or-go-to-hell-a-step-by-step-guide-to-avoiding-eternal-damnation/
.
this man clearly has deep psychiatric problems .
.
you tell those wimps , coolidge ! ! !
real men do n't eat quiche ! ! !
they sexually abuse women and brag about it ! !
the bully and insult others ! !
the " bait and switch " on deals they 've made ! !
the lie whenever they feel like it ! !
they strut and preen , stick out their chest and crow to the world that , once again , they 've caused the sun to rise .
they take the credit for everything " good " which happens and " deny " the blame for anything bad which happens .
they treat women as " sex objects " ; worthy of attention only if they 're young , attractive and , preferably , " available . "
forget that brest cancer awareness stuff , they don't ever wear pink .
they 're always ready for a fight ! ! ! ! "
cut me off in traffic and you 're regret it ! ! "
" look at my wife or my girlfriend in a way i do n't like and i 'll kick your butt . "
damn .... i hope i 've covered it all .
if i missed anything , please let me know .
big gary , big bad gary   ( " if you see me coming , better step aside " ) crum .....
there are starving children in africa ! ! !
name ten
legal immigrant is a racist dog whistle for white or european immigrants there i said the quiet part out loud for you racist fucks
no bob , i saw it 20 odd years ago on a animal rights stall in london it stuck in my mind .
boots the problem with you and others like you , you do not have a personal relationship ( religion ) with the god who formed you on your mother 's womb .
as for barack hussein obama , he was not a decent person when it comes to godly values .
he supported the murdering of the unborn(abortion ) and blaspheme god 's covenant of marriage of one man and one woman .
he supported homosexuality that god calls a detestable sin .
he is not a decent person but an evil one .
happy pride month , remember that trans women of color were at the forefront of the struggle and they still are
i was a substitute teacher for the jackson mississippi public school system in the late 1990 's .
stoked for civil war part deux redneck revenge this week
@lgbtlabscot women 's rights are not designed to exclude trans people , they are designed to protect the female sex - class .
literally just chased my dog for 15 fucking minutes because my gram let him out & # 128545;&#128545 ;
there is new research that shows most mental illness is related to childhood trauma .
so those who are mentally ill , not getting help and maligned by society already went through hell before they became adults to be traumatized over and over .
if santiago had been evaluated properly it would not only have protected the people he shot but also him .
allowing a man who presented essentially asking for help to unravel to the point of a mass killing that has to be based on delusions is just to me incomprehensible .
i wrote about these issues , complained to agencies a legislators for years .
i said eventually something horrible would happen and it did .
but we actually have had several cases where horrible things happened .
i also wrote about the incompetent mental health " professionals " in alaska , the crap clinics for low income and the corrupt , incompetent law enforcement agencies including the fbi .
no one ever listened or even gave a damn .
" i enjoy seeing the enthusiastic competition of athletes , men and women , from almost the whole world , flags waving for their own yet cheers for outstanding performances for athletes of all countries . "
hi doug !
i 'm trying to be serious / funny here :   are the athletes are steroids more fun to watch or the clean ones ?
my aunt 's facebook status : : it 's really bothering me that my [ 4 - yr - old ] boy is obsessed w/ his female cousin 's dora backpack .
commenter : : my son started kissing everyone because we kiss him .
my husband started telling him kissing was for sissies , lol .
my aunt : : that is so funny ! ...
maybe b / c it 's purple , it bothered me .
what do you call 2 midget trans people having sex ?
a micro transaction
i am not obligated to date a broke nigga mfs try to make you feel bad for having standards
do moslem or other ethnic children go through this or is it just the white children
fuck white supremacists , homophobes , misogynists , and ignoramuses .
yes , very
omfg i dont want to be rude but i have no idea how to design characters its so funny and cute shjfgdv oloh .
yeah - these jerks need to go - the whole lot of them .
they are a super sexist & misogynistic group of priests but we are are supposed to understand & feel bad for them when they get caught treating their vows like a joke and screwing around getting women pregnant .
gee - why did n't our hero priest choose to fess up after the first child he fathered ?
oh - he had n't gotten caught yet .
however , i am sure if i asked this guy would he support women being ordained priests ?
it would be oh no that would be terrible !
women do n't deserve justice - they are n't like me important because i am a man .
in his open letter , turrion admitted that he had already decided to leave the priesthood while he was serving as rector , but instead continued as leader " out of love and respect for my companions "    bull !
these guys had a lot of control in the vatican and they need to be dispersed in total along with opus dei & for the same reasons .
they are both corrupt manipulative and oppressive groups .
are you a woman ?
no ?
then why are you commenting and making light of a woman 's issue ?
ca n't even shut your mouth and posts more than once !
why ?
was your pu**y grabbed ?
were you talked about as chattel ?
were you insulted over and over again ?
no ?
then why are you even on this thread ?
you are so freaking ignorant that you epitomize trump 's followers .
keep your trap shut about issues that do n't concern your male genitalia !
oh ok !
i thought we were talking about a trans woman .
is that a man with that pink bag ! ?
is that a man ? !
wow .
i made the girls at the salon vote tboss .... even thou they hate her ... if i 'm buying u airtime ur voting 4 who i want in my presence
to no ones surprise trump immediately dissed meryl streep .
but that is nothing new .
he has attacked anyone who makes fun of him ( baldwin ) ca nt be as good as him ( arnold ) or just disagrees with him ( too many to recount ) .
he goes after companies ( boeing , lockheed ) and their stocks plunge .
ca n't wait till he goes after someone really big and the stock market crashes and gold soars .
he is an ego driven psychopath who does n't know the phrases " turn the other cheek " or " take the high road " .
his over driven ego only knows one thing - attack and diss .
for 8 years obama has endured all sorts of abuse at the hands of people like trump .
but i never heard him attack and diss back .
obama has some class .
this man is just white trash - very rich white trash .
no wonder my twitter account got banned for life the white guilt cucked out faggot ass founder has a bunch third world shithole sand niggers running the show
bitch slut ass whore
vox " male " employees are little soy beta fucks
bbc this week ‏ verified account < user > the uncomfortable truth is that the white race is the most violent and oppressive force of nature on earth i guess they are starting to believe their own press
a femi - nazi gives birth .
< repeat > " madam , your bab-- " " i ' m not a girl you pig !
i ' m di - neuto gender ! "
the doctor , obviously infuriated , is forced to keep quiet . "
well , then , your baby-- " " do n't tell me it 's gender !
i do n't want them to be forced at birth , let them choose . " "
ah , perfect then !
well * * * it * * * is dead . "
< user > tourist should visit india to get raped
its also the english who made india worse
what did one cat say to the other cat ?
meow , you stupid mother fucker .
what the fuck else did you think he 'd say ?
we will anger virgins by putting black womens in their video games .
only then can the revolution be achieved . -
lenin , probably
players : " make no mistake — our actions were in no way a protest of the military , the flag or those who keep us safe . "
willfully ignorant : " i 'm furious you protest the military , the flag and those who keep up safe ! "
* * * * 
 willfully ignorant : " you better stop kneeling right now ! "
players : " we will all stand together this week .
nobody will kneel . "
willfully ignorant : " too late ! "
* * * * 
 willfully ignorant : " the players are a bunch of spoiled rich millionaire athletes . "
also willfully ignorant : " we need to cut taxes on the top .05 % billionaires like trump . "
hilarious how " patriotic capitalists " are against wealth all the sudden when black people earn it .
* * * * 
 2016 : some players kneel , including broncos ' brandon marshall 
 2017 pre sep 22 : all broncos players stand , including brandon marshall 
 2017 post sep 22 : trump creates a culture war distraction to appeal to white backlash base and revives and inflames the issue , calls america citizens sobs , 32 broncos players kneel ; all players show unity .
­g­o­o­g­l­e i­s p­a­y­i­n­g ­$­1­5­5­ p­e­r t­i­m­e u­n­i­t f­o­r o­p­e­r­a­t­i­n­g o­n - l­i­n­e r­e­c­e­p­t­i­o­n p­a­r­t­i­al­l­y t­i­m­e .
­i­ e­v­e­n h­a­v­e c­r­e­a­t­e­d ­$­1­6­k­ ­l­a­s­t m­o­n­t­h b­y t­h­i­s j­o­b a­n­d ­b­e­l­i­e­v­e p­i­n­e t­r­e­e s­t­a­t­e i­t­s­ t­e­r­r­i­b­l­y s­t­r­a­i­g­h­t­f­o­r­w­a­r­d j­o­b .
­i­'­m ­a­ ­s­t­u­d­e­n­t a­n­d s­i­m­p­l­y w­o­r­k f­o­r­ t­w­o t­o t­h­r­e­e h­r­s d­a­i­l­y .
e­v­e­r­y­o­n­e w­i­l­l g­e­t t­h­i­s j­o­b a­n­d e­a­r­n a­d­d­i­t­i­o­n­a­l f­i­n­a­n­c­i­a­l g­a­i­n o­n - l­i­n­e b­y u­s­e t­h­i­s l­i­n­k ........ 

 ......   ­­­w­w­w.­b­i­z­w­o­r­k­1­0.c­o­m­­z­e­n­.­ ....... 


 ­p­l­e­a­s­e d­o­n­'­t i­n­c­l­u­d­e ­;­z­e­n­­;­   ­w­h­e­n c­o­p­y l­i­n­k t­h­a­n­k­s::::/ '' '
last but not least , shoutout to those guys on the bus in georgia that were talking shit until they ran after being confronted by my friend .
do not take photos of that kike tire expert laura loomer and put them into that makeup removal app seriously do not do it no man should ever be subjected to such a hideous sight i am not joking either
< user > if you can measure how well white families are doing it would be some shit like white < percent > blacks < percent > hispanic < percent > you should not be focused on whites doing better the problem is not white privilege it colored un privilege
society is sukin on your dick and since i got a pussy i am a bitch
outlawing lgbt in nigeria , seems to be bullying , to me , that 's how i see it .
as an infidel under islam you have three choices convert pay jizya or be killed as an infidel women you get the extra bonus can be raped enslaved bought and sold with islams blessing
youtube - hail combat 18 youtube - shebeen - fields of athenry ( garvaghy road ) !
lol we just watched an art thing and i said i loved the japanese artist and my dad said did ching chong chinaman draw it < happy > love that
you 're right , my original intent was just to remind peepole how fuckdd religion is general
here 's a 🔥 wife cheating !
fucked by stranger she just met & he cums inside her !
thoughts ?
does this turn you on ?
fantasy ?
reality ?
sharing somebody ?
or wanna be shared ?
😈 🤤 💦 💋 # cuck # hotwife # wifeshare # wife # cuckold # cuckolding # cheat # video # nsfw # milf # creampie # cuminside url
the man is a chilling case of foot on mouth disease .
never ever has " sincerity " being defiled to such an extent of a daily vituperative tantrums of endless gossiping , trashing and commenting about anything that itches such an egotistical , entitled mindset .
depressing .
and the man has access to the nuclear bottom ...
this bow tie wearing lib left dem moronic judge seems to believe that our law enforcement shoot only blacks who are not breaking the law and or posing an immediate threat to the officers or civilians present criminals are criminals no matter the color of their skin no offense against bow ties
heard that homo < user > ‍ little < number > < number > < number > inch wiener gets rock hard everytime he hears an alt righter say nigger wetback or faggot classic sadistic degenerate you know why he here fam
i 'm not going to say that flying a pleasant experience , but it generally is n't anywhere near that bad .
btw .... i fly quite a bit and i fly coach ...
this story does n't relate much of the detail of what happened in this incident , nor does the accompanying video show much of it .
the entire raw video can be seen at the link below .
on watching it , it 's clear to me that the male attendant had a very short fuse and hot temper .
he was ready to beef the male passenger who called him out on his treatment of the woman .
it seems the captain did n't back his play , and in fact , probably reported the event not too dissimilarly from how i see it .
in which case it 's easy to see why american suspended the flight attendant .
he was out of line and out of control .
you just ca n't react like that when you 're in what 's essentially a public relations job .
even if you 're " having a bad day " , you have to remain cool , calm and under self - control .
clearly he was incapable of managing that , and american 's action is appropriate .
video : 

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czbwcrghpv0
some journalist tried to replicate rippedrichandincel 's atomic balckpill , but used a stacy instead of a chad .
another sad and terrifying example of how the rape hysteria in america ruins men 's lives with zero evidence .
honestly can we stop with the pedophilia jokes ?
they 're getting old .
" u.s. immigrant guadalupe garcia de rayos " 

 hello ?
us immigrant ?
what ?
do you mean the convicted mexican felon who used identity theft using forged documents to illegally obtain employment in the usa after illegally settling there ?
well that just makes me want to fuck you even more !
i wanna see just how tight that pussy is !
i do n't & # 128683 ; keep friends & # 128109;&#128107;&#128108 ; they come & # 128072 ; and go & # 128073 ; , do n't fuck & # 128581 ; with these bitches & # 128109;&#128109 ; .
fake all they know . & #
128175;&#10004;&#65039 ;
in concept , increasing the minimum wage is attractive as a do - good thing .
however , like many things beginning with the best intent , there are unintended consequences .
the folks that are currently unemployed or suffer from lack of secure full time employment will tend not to be helped .
the competition will get tougher for them as employers discriminate and stop hiring lower skill folks who are not worth the increase – employers will trade - up .
the more difficult challenge is to effectively manage trade with countries that lack the legal and environmental frameworks that render our lower skill workers uncompetitive – free trade is a lie in this context .
this would be hard work and would n’t get the immediate gratification needed by the wynne liberals to overcome the last 13 years of failures .
harriot tubman should n't be on the $ < number > bill she should be on a $ < number > bill
that 's the whole idea ... i still maintain he deserves long term solitary confinement .
he 'll have wished he had gotten the death penalty after this kind of monotony , 
 but , in my mind , he deserves it 100 % for taking the lives of so many innocents .
youtube - hail combat 18 youtube - shebeen - fields of athenry ( garvaghy road ) !
with a deficit this year of at least $ 504 billion dollars you 'd think the trump administration would lead by example- and park all the airplanes used to fly bureaucrats to meetings .
flying commercial would save taxpayers a lot of money .
( this is how our senators normally fly ) .
yonela , 
 the mpc is not racially representative , as you wish for - blacks and indians are disproprotionately over - represented .
i look forward to seeing your earnest endeavours at changing this situation .
( whilst you are at it , please have a word with your mate m'baks about bafana bafana ) .
could you also please produce some original ideas of your own , instead of quoting quite irrelevant quotations from the likes of fanon .
how about explaining what kind of detailed monetary policy it is that you want and showing how that would grow the economy , curb inflation , increase investment and reduce debt : gdp .
you could even share with us your econometric modelling - i would be happy to critique it .
zero or very low interest rates whilst inflation is around 7 % ?
explain what effect that would have on the economy in the medium and long term .
and actually placing illegals who mooch behind bars !
white supremacists are openly hunting nonwhites and you can fuck all the way off if you do n't see how this is related to donald trump
as i stated in the survey , the new system is time - consuming and cumbersome .
reviewing previous commentary on topics , with little context reference , is a poor qualifier for adding your own   2 cents .
p.s.   ever notice there is no cents symbol on your keyboard ?
not enough $ , which is symbolic , i guess .
his mother may have had a verifiable white ancestor .
only other black spree killers of individuals i can think of were the two guys in washington dc .
malvo was the shooter and the older man 's name escapes me .
so the " rateme " subreddit just ignore ugly males , but when they see a 19f they go crazy with the praise
today a girl in my class told me to stop talking about political stuff bc another girl in our rotation comes from a very republican family
" @worldwarzee _ : these hoes ai n't loyal . "
abhinandan of central as wel state government for making air travel with in the reach of common man now it 's not a monopoly of rich
he pulls the wings off flies , does that count ?
anders breivik required < number > shots to kill < number > bernie bro at gop ball field fired < number > rounds < number > kills copenhagen moslem attack had < number > rounds fired with only one dead that was not the cartoonist target
mostly to harris .
some people will only see a woman of color , and i think it 's good to have two young , strong women of color that will push each other and draw out contrasts based on ideas
indeed .
hating everyone who is not a white , american , hetero , male who happened to be born in the us is n't hateful at all .
rather , it is when you are not filled with such hatred that is the true racism and hatred .
always a fan of the " i could n't possibly be a racist , i totally know minorities ... " paradigm .
well done .
it would not surprise me if obama was behind the nut cases that have shot up schools i have never trusted that man and his muslim ties
this man is destructive .
and false .
do not watch his inauguration .
his feet was lil ass he 'll gay ass nigga
it should be called twatter because there is something fishy going on there .
iran is too damn sensitive about their border , they can see how crowded it is .. trespasser will be shot ?
sexless , denied loser boys are the easiest to toy with .
💦 one peek of my hard nipples and you 're ready to cream in your pants .
who could possibly be that easy and pathetic ?
😂   # sph # chastity # virginsub # teaseanddenial # titworship # bigtits # catfishing # scam # ripoff # catfish url
what do tumblr and deep - fried foods have in common ?
lots of trans - fat .
the constant chimpouts , the endless jewsh kvetching , the perpetual antiwhite scapegoating , the wildly exhausting , endless hysterics from sjw lgbt bourgeois cool kids who think the world revolves around their marginalized queer identity - all of this produces fatigue
michael the angels that betrayed a heavenly secret were banished from their place for one hundred and thirty eight years louis ginzberg 『 the legends of the jews 』
then ur gay
maybe niggas just need to stop being oversenesetive ass pussies
these agencies and positions will be filled by the caldwell snake hui to develop whatever available land is left on oahu .
only those belonging to the snake hui gets the jobs and contracts .
all those that voted " yes " for this raise your hand and step forward to explain why .
< user > < user > are not you supposed to be in prison getting raped in the shower mickey creepy porn lawyer
you 're my bitch # pegging # buttfucking url
omg i 'm finally going to be killed by an incel
@ghostofthor same energy as the " you dont look indian stop lying about being south asian " cc
" are we going to miss a forecast ? "
albanese asks , in reference to his current job as the anchorage region 's meteorologist in charge . "
sure .
we 've done it .
but it 's not like we forecast flurries and get 10 inches of snow . "
i guess i 'm the only one that remembers st patrick 's day 2002 ? ?
forecast of 1 - 2 inches of accumulation and we got 26 inches in 24 hour and another 8 inches the next day .
i look at the mudslime news from europe and think i wish some goat fucker would try that shit down here in louisiana just get within < number > feet of my daughters and that s your life over checkout time mohammed
.... and that 's why i do n't bother to distinguish between homosexuality and pedophilia .
@mssmartie2u @schemaly @ryanbeckwith that demonstrates only that stupidity is gender less .
has no one learned anything from history ?
it fucking repeats itself .
follow up action opportunity : urge the united nations office on high commissioner for civil rights to investigate misuse of anti - psychotic medications for foster care children in the united states
if this day ends without you even acknowledging my existence , i 'll be so fucking done .
i do n't know the choreography to scared of the dark so do n't go expecting me to jump up for that . #
tweaster
if i remember correctly your only concern was how to find naked pictures of the women in the picture i am sure by that comment your a real genius
the full decision in ernst v. alberta energy regulator can be found at : 

 http://scc-csc.lexum.com/scc-csc/scc-csc/en/item/16325/index.do 

 it 's 192 paragraphs long , and as usual is preceded by a summary of the decision , prepared by the court itself .
just one note about the content :   it is concerned with issues that could be described as procedural .
it says nothing about the issue of fracking , neither for nor against .
hard to believe discord is hopping on the impotent pr stunts train if you had actual nazis on your platform coordinating violence or etc and knew where they were you d quietly forward all the server logs to the fbi not play chicken with apparently politically correct anarchists
even the fbi called them lone wolves .
all terrorist acts by white men have been called lone wolves and not terrorists .
what is wrong with slut talk and fas as negro talk that belongs on the plantation
stud , dud , thud – the three stages of a man ’s life 
 wh0re , bore , snore - the three stages of a woman 's life .
i expect niglets first then divorce bitch gon na get royal paid
his father said he was n't even religious .
sounds more like a rather pathetic man desperate for attention .
i still maintain you generalize far too much .
# pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth .
because there is not enough lgbtq+ representation .
mob rule does not require court of law .
the returrn of the age of barbarians is upon us .
wow teachin my daughter how to twerk n take the dick over dat lunch lol bitch will be a boy killer xx hehe latoya having this low of iq and being this much of a ghetto skank proves so much
how can a country that sits on some of the best coal in the region experience coal shortage ?
< user > white women white disabled white gays white immigrants should get affirmative action then according to this tweet
just come suck my dick so i can cum on your face and leave you to clean up the mess .
wow , nice racist rant .
let me guess .
you 're an uneducated white male who either currently lives or did live in a racist red state .
make sure no one in your family , or you collect social security or medicare .
we would n't want you to debase yourself with any handouts .
the crazier trump gets , the more unhinged the magaphants get .
keep posting .
insanity can be rather entertaining ( in a clinical sort of way ) .
@tseth 
 again , someone with no idea what the actual running costs are .
go use google and do some reading on actual generation costs including the costs to refurbish those nuclear plants which are included in those rates , and the ccost for wind and solar .
better we decommission the artificially expensive ( massive subsidies ) wind and solar generation or phase out quickly all those subsidies plus guaranteed purchase agreements and see what power really costs .
doj department of jews
if i had $ 5 for every gender i would have $ 8.85 and a lot of counterfeit money .
this article oerfectly explains the problem with sjw 's complaining about wage gap .
books 
 white people commit the most heinous crimes , so why is america terrified of black men ?
the new book " suspicion nation " addresses the trayvon martin injustice and why we keep repeating it .
lisa bloom , 2014 

 bigots read this book if you dare .
< user > < user > fake news retard
x - post /r / funny - men have no reproductive rights , lol
why do liberals hate business so much that they always disregard the real numbers ?
oil has been good to us , and is still good for us .
the greed of aces hurt the golden goose , but we put in sb21 to make things better .
thanks for the real numbers senator giessel .
remember white people .
stay out of poc countries and let all brown people in or you 're racist .
what do you mean white supremacists are on the rise ?
big auction houses are less skeptical than private dealers .
muzzi is to be commended for his dedication to doing the right thing .
the art world has become a swamp too .
phoniness is rampant .
it colors the authentic in being so prolific .
lailat al miraj mubarak to all muslims .. i 'm wishing for everyone 's peace & prosperity 🤲 🏻
monte carlo simulation is a standard way of solving statistical formulas or very complex formulas because there is no closed form analytic solution .
you can argue the parameter they use to generate the simulation , but you can not argue it is not a sound method .
come on , john , why are you so afraid of gun violence research ?
do n't you want to know what is happening ?
at this time there is no central clearinghouse for gun death information , no legal requirement for police or coroner data .
you deny that blacks are n't targeted and killed unnecessarily by police on a weekly basis ?
you think unloading a glock into a man who is running from police is " risking their lives " or a response to " death force " ?
congress banned gun research because of intense nra pressure .
you absolutely know this , in my opinion .
i was a long - time nra member until wayne lapierre and ted nugent and other wacko birds took over .
i will say this again , twisting the truth and hiding the truth are doing more harm to 2nd amendment rights than any nancy pelosi could ever do .
you seem to think everyone is your enemy .
i am a lifelong hunter and gun owner , and i like the pogo comment - " we have met the enemy , and he is us . "
try reason in place of paranoia .
it 'll work better .
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
sorry i like talking to you .
did nt know that was a fucking crime
i love in jordan and we 're all muslims and hidaya is 90 % more religious than any people here , i just wanted to say the her parents did a great job of raising her and keeping her in here religion
i can think of billions of more hypocritical things the religious right do / say that could be used to discredit their batshit faulty logic , so why is this a big deal ?
it 's porn on twitter lol .
most people are aware ted cruz is a joke , i do n't think anyone thinks of him as a highly moral figure .
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
yeah , let 's whine about someone 's socks in the nfl while having no problem and arguing for the right for one of its franchises to keep a native america as their logo and to be called the redskins ( hypocrite much ? ) .
so what if he wants to wear a fidel castro shirt , when you actually use your brain you can see there is no difference between that or wearing a george washington or other founding father t- shirt as they oppressed blacks and others ( the constitution originally had blacks at 3/5ths a man ) , which i am sure you would have no problem with .
he is upset at police officers abuse of citizens , specifically blacks .
google police excessive force and stop closing your eyes to the issue .
he has every right to protest on this issue .
he had a platform and chose to use it during the anthem , not the game .
the reason why he is having a problem finding a new job is that because of whiney white people like you like to ride the wave of fake patriotism .
get off your imaginary high - hor
< user > what about minor girls being raped by muslim men recent mms would you assure it wo nt happen
i could go for that ending n.korea 's ambition of onekorea :)
justintrudeau your another fool take in the muslim immigrants they will take over canada kill you your family they despise you read their history sharia law sex with animals child brides marryoff one of your girls justin
what @therobotard8000 call me sexist or old fashioned , but the new trend of dudes taking alimony is shameful and utterly unmasculine .
nothing wrong with quebec , they have very white cities and are a proud group of people aside from the gay section of montreal , its a very nice city
now stephanie liking this nigga shit 😔 he getting mad bitches tonight
i m , i hate black people and minorities
nothing like a 10 k walk to clear the cobwebs & amp ; get my thoughts in order .
today is another day .
i 'm still moving forwards not backwards & # 128170;&#128170;&#129304;&#129304 ;
yep , it 's censorship , and should n't have happened imho .
math algebra reason the work ethic the nuclear family all halloween costumes and all white people in general are racist so yes count me in metoo
nobody with a brain in their head wants a dude in a dress in the locker room with their 10 year old daughter .
studies have shown that nearly 70 % of transgender people have an underlying psychological disorder which has created their gender identity confusion .
50 % of those who undergo the sex change surgery commit suicide .
just because there is a group of people who have a psychological disorder their sickness does n't trump my wife and daughters right to privacy from said sick people .
my wife does n't want me in the bathroom while she 's doing her business ,   she really does n't want a strange man in a dress in their .
this upside down backwards nonsense needs to stop ! ! ! ! ! !
hey lets just do what illinois does .
cover the medicaid expansion and then just do n't pay the doctor and hospital bills .
that would work for about three years anyway .
just need to make sure to elect a republican governor before the crash happens so the r 's get blamed for it .
i can understand allowing coverage for a lesbian to use in vitro but a surrogate for a gay man ?
that 's completely   crazy .
how can one person 's health insurance policy provide coverage for another unrelated person ?
it defies logic and reason .
there 's no shortage of kids that want to be adopted .
gay men should consider that option instead of trying to force everyone else to pay to rectify a problem of their own making .
or perhaps consider getting their surrogate pregnant the old fashioned way .
that 's always an option too .
:d @nkrause11 dudes who go to culinary school : # why # findawife # notsexist :)
< user > why is the whistleblower a he i really hope it a she or maybe an immigrant from a shithole country or someone gender nonconfirming or trans two out of three would be op
if white people in < number > are supposed to feel guilt because other people who were white not necessarily even any stinking relation owned slaves then black people should feel guilt that other blacks not necessarily even stinking related to them captured black people and sold them as slaves
that 's as deep as you go ?
damn dude , alright well take care but try not and let your country kill anymore immigrants you 've got imprisoned .
you ugly fat nigger what are you doing in a white internet zone your balls will be kk ed for this in real life do you understand what you did wrong me nigga
i want the local lgbt bakery to bake a cake that says : 

 " only two genders "
yep the atf make it very clear .
drug use makes possession illegal .
unless the tree of life is business underneath all of that , what 's the value when compared to millions of lives
damn , if i had known about this earlier i would have attended .
when does a joke become a dad joke ?
when the punchline becomes apparent .
@overlysarcasmic @sairasameerarao perhaps it is because it is an easy way to differentiate someone ?
i have a redheaded friend that we call ginger .
we have a blonde girl we call toe(head ) .
one of the black guys is known as fro .
ca n't remember anyone being referred to as the color of their skin .
" boy wonder . "
you killed it .
how do you know what the majority of canadians think ?
we just have to pay our taxes and shut up if we are not one of the magical minorities that gets everything .
free stuff , consideration of every one of their desires & promotion of non - canadian values .
if you are coming to canada and you have no money , i should n't have to pay for it .
then after we pay for everything we have something shoved in our faces saying they refuse to accept parts of our society .
the problem is they all do it then people preach inclusion .
there is no inclusion or accepting of alternate paradigms on the muslim side .
please point to one places other than " little mosque on the prairie " where there is inclusion .
everything is separate .
churches , education ,   living .
other stuff is only shared because they have to .
however the practice of christianity is slowly becoming unsavory .
christmas celebrations must be replaced so we do n't offend our new " canadians " .
we must respect islam but there no reciporcation .
she needs to be fucked hard in the ass
why did the sun never set on the british empire ?
even god did n't trust the english in the dark .
she a dyke and i am a femme it a synonym
britain did not just arbitrarily invade iraq just to kill people , which is how taqiyya tells the story .
britain went into iraq to stop saddam hussein from killing fellow iraqis and trying to exterminate the kurds .
he really did have wmds , poison gas he used liberally on kurds and other tribes in northern regions of the country .
across the iraqi desert , american troops found mass graves of men , women and children .
it was our thankless job to try to stop islamic madness that got us in this mess .
< user > everybody is like “ omg delete this ” “ you ’ re so gay ” nah this is < number > this stupid bitches fault plus she recorded it 💯 💯 go isma 😹 😹
iran makes atwood 's handmaid 's tale seem like a nice society - morality police thugs that beat women into submission for wearing their hair down or choosing jeans deemed to " western " by the pious modesty guards .
couple that with power centered around fanatic religious zealots who enrich themselves under the guise of defending a revolution .
after iran smashed the 2009 green revolution with an iron fist and obama responded with a weak - kneed political impotence that went on to highlight his presidency - iran showed the world that the ruling mullahs will stop at nothing to keep the zealots in charge .
what a pathetic man .
i will not be investing in you company .
and if this turns out to the handiwork of activists you will advocate the death penalty for them right ?
i wo n't hold my breath .
she is gay
this is nothing but good news .
both for bettis and the rockies .
he 's been dealing with life and death stuff for the last several months , basically on an island .
now he 's back in the fold , and can get the normalcy his life needs .
for the rox this has to be an emotional boost during a time when the season begins to turn into a trudge .
i can smell a bitch nigga from a mile away .
type of nigga so bitch , he should put bitch - made on his license plate bitch url
ppl blaming @kendalljenner for the @pepsi ad .
dats her job .
if y' all were offered millions of dollars i bet you 'd do it too . #
pepsibacklash
i can not call the government by an appropriate name .
i am so glad to hear that < user > has joined the white supremacist movement with her towelhead comments now we can attack her with impunity cancel lily singh
some men are sexual predators .
do n't just assume that what is true for you is necessarily true for all men .
as mike aa said , most of us can control our sex drives .
< user > < user > < user > actually he insulted me first you on the left bitch and call us racist just because we do not believe in allowing illegal immigrants into this country you people really need help
wow never had such a busy evening until now bluehand family joining gab in droves here all free speech is welcomed if snowflake soy boy leftie sjws are not content with mute or stop follow then they can fuck off to dhimmi moslem cock sucking twatter
tbh this video tells me to be proud that i 'm a girl/ women , and the fact that i 'm bi sexual and watching this video has boosted my confidence in my sexuality , thx miley , i now look up to you ❤ swish swish mother fuckers
when this ho get this through her head maybe she 'll stop gassing me up 🤦 🏾‍ ♀ ️ url
i have said it ruben , read it again for comprehension .
as stated previously you and mr. trump affect the same tactics , thin skins and feigned tender feelings .
there 's one particular person that has tweeted about me more than 40 times in the past 12 hours .
this has been her pattern for the & gt;1 week .
love who you are and not what color of your skin looks like .
i tell myself everyday that i am beautiful
what 's the difference between a preschool girl and a trans person ?
i can actually sell the girl on the slave market 

 no one wants to buy the tranny
< user > exactly trust fund brat trudeau wants all the muslim immigrants my canadian friends are freaking too
i am white , white is my favorite color
just wait until every third world country starts funneling and trafficking their kids to the u.s. if we follow this kind of thinking
male redditor describes a female pressured by her friends to lose her virginity , told her he was n't ready and tried shoving her away , but she forced herself upon him , other redditors point out he was raped and the thread snowballs how females ca n't rape [ r / askreddit ]
all religious observances of any kind should be removed from all schools and all school property - pretty much like christmas and easter were all replaced with winter holiday and spring break .
it matters not what your religion is or how observant and devout you are ; leave school property if your religion demands it .
that 's what accommodation means , giving students time off to attend their religious services , not providing space and time for religious services in what should be a secular setting .
no religious observances of any kind should be on school property .
i thought it was for the nintendo switch when i saw those buildings and character models 🤦 🏽‍ ♂ ️
i was just thinking this the other day . "
ya know , you do n't see as many rusty patch bumble bees as you used to . "
< user > you have got to realize they do not go to muslim countries because they are not refugees they are the frontline foot soldiers of a terrorist army this is all part of their plan to conquor the world maga
lol .
islam started with extermination of the polytheists and conquest .
mohammad took sex slaves .
the hadiths are absolutely full of hateful shit .
> allah 's messenger ( ﷺ ) said , " you ( i.e. muslims ) will fight with the jews until some of them will hide behind stones .
the stones will ( betray them ) saying , ' o ` abdullah ( i.e. slave of allah ) !
there is a jew hiding behind me ; so kill him . ' "
url
i think it 's profitable to jump on at mainstream conservative chatboards like conservativeunderground.com .
here 's why trump won : old white , uneducated men reminiscing about the past , who ca n't stand an evolving society where they are no longer top dog .
those were the days ! !
" boy the way glenn miller played 
 songs that made the hit parade 
 guys like us we had it made 
 those were the days .
did n't need no welfare states 
 everybody pulled his weight 
 gee our old lasalle ran great 
 those were the days 

 and you knew who you were then 
 girls were girls and men were men 
 mister , we could use a man like herbert hoover again 

 people seemd to be content 
 $ 50 payed the rent 
 freaks were in a circus tent 
 those were the days 

 take a little sunday spin 
 tonight i 'll watch the dogers win 
 have yourself a dandy day that cost you under a fin 

 hair was short and skirts were long 
 kate smith really sung the song 
 i do n't know just what went wrong " 

 evolve dudes !
i 'd eat your pussy till you came in my face then fuck your brains out in every angle before i blew a huge load on your face and tits
so you subscribe to   " under capitalism , man exploits man .
under communism , it 's just the opposite !
only pay for what you consume right ! !
what state do you live in my friend ?
does it have a constitution or anarchy   " he must ensure public order in a country threatened with anarchy " what you say to that ?
idk gpaw if we have to suffer the presence of shitskins i d much rather they were raised by a bunch of faggots than by the animals that birthed them or god forbid these disgusting white christian cucks ya know
that 's not edgy u little fragile cock slurp
very disturbing defense of moore .
essentially stepping over the possibility that he was a pedophile .
just because they did n't have sexual intercourse does n't excuse taking advantage of a young girl sexually .
and to justify all by the bible is so hokey .
but i was not surprised and predicted before i even saw it that his defense would be " fake news "   " liberal conspiracy " ad nauseum .
ad nauseum
warning : if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways then i will hear from heaven and i will forgive their sin and will heal their land .
babies blood is crying out from the ground , false accusations against the president , disrespect men with men women with women , fornicators , fowl mouths ... etc a new green deal will not help you , only humility and repentance will god hear .
america in god we trust we are the people called by his name .
stop killing our babies ban abortion .
we need to repent from our wicked ways .
< user > how bored they all look
i am not disagreeing with your version but do not you think that backing off of jewz mudslimes looks awfully suspicious in light of what going on today i do
that 's because you 're a faggot .
steele wasik one - ups his teammates and wins the event with a time of 14.52s @texansports # texasrelays
congressman , you embarrass yourself .
this is a naked political stunt .
shame on you , sir .
the national anthem was unknown to the founders and is not enshrined in any of our founding documents .
there 's no real harm in it , but there 's no real reason why everyone should have to reverence a song about a rather obscure naval bombardment , any more than we should pledge allegiance to a flag and a nonexistent god , rather than to the republic itself .
a lesser - known part of the 1st amendment : 

 " congress shall make no law ... prohibiting ... the right of the people peaceably to assemble " 

 it 's obvious that counterprotesters were brought in to be violent , just like at berkeley , as an excuse to disperse those on the right & deny them their rights
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
nothing to admire about this disgusting individual .
i did not appreciate the way he denigrated and objectified women through playboy magazine and his clubs .
good riddance to men like this !
now we have hooters and porn to deal with .
the best place to demonstrate against trump is at his inauguration .
give him a day he wo n't soon forget .
go back to the chapo you degenerate
well sounds like were looking for the same thing ( but i have no idea if this is actually going to you ! ! !
lol )
now would not that be a hilarious turn of events maybe even immigrants wanting to leave since their welfare slaves are not working at the fields
luigi is a chad while mario is a retarded incel
smoke led tail light fit harley softail dyna electra glide night tr https://t.co/xvpvefibcd https://t.co/op51wmpb3p
i would ruin her asshole
did n't someone else say that the arctic was going to be ice free by 2015 or was it 2010 ?
maybe 2005 ?
ok , so the ice goes away , the climate warms and la and new york sink into the ocean .
is that a bad thing ?
the climate warms , less energy to heat homes , family food can be raised at home , tropical vacations will not be so appealing , more energy savings , new shipping lanes open with lower fuel costs and less energy used .
all of these and more are the upside of this manufactured nonsense .
nonsense designed to accomplish one thing and one thing only .
to make money .
but only for some .
man and his activities are little more than a boil on the butt of the earth .
the climate has always changed and it will continue to change with or without man and his activities .
they rap about fucking bitches and getting head , he raps about fucking bitches and getting heads
first of all , nk is only a puppet , china is the one who is pulling the strings .
secondly , xi jinping , the current china president is by far more ambitious than his predecessors , including mao .
it showed by claiming the entire south sea as their own and started the so called 1 - belt 1 - road financial initiative .
they are now using nk as a front to test the water to see how strong our resolve is .
i think we should send china a notice before we do anything : if you are not able to rein in your thug ; we will do it for you .
one thing i am sure is china will not start a war with us .
militarily , they are still way behind us and they know it .
another reason is that more than 50 % of their top leaders ' 2nd generation is living in the u.s. with their wealth .
moreover , we are still their biggest market where majority of their wealth comes from .
anyway , nk is considered a cancerous tumor by most of the free world , it should be no problem diplomatically if we take them out .
why do white guys love being so edgy ?
they 're able to slit their wrist much easier anytime they seek attention
oh this nigga wild wild
i 'm not a misandrist but in movies men are always shooting people oh wait that is also real life
a recent study has confirmed that regular fetching of beers and making of sandwiches greatly reduces chances of domestic violence by up to < number >
do n't tell me , tell dejain .
with her frowny face she indicates that she wants the people of puerto rico to suffer and that royal caribbean is evil .
no bob , i saw it 20 odd years ago on a animal rights stall in london it stuck in my mind .
uh because women are slow did they let them ask the audience for the answers or make phonecalls too
daily reminder to normfags : you can go to the gym all you want you 'll never experience life as a 8 + male 
 stop coping , you get nothing but roasties and you have to work and grovel for them , just lol at even leaving the house if you 're not facially a 7 .
the more masculine men are the more feminine women become so women actually ca nt be feminine when they are surrounded by what can be colloquially called beta males as in feminine tara mccarthy
oh my god , are n't guys who are n't manly ashamed of themselves ?
do n't they want to be * men * ? !
i mean , gay guys can dress however they want , but straight guys in skinny jeans or sparkly shirts ?
it 's just gross .
" arabian " .
these idiots have n't studied history .
arabians had n't gotten to judea until 700 ad
fuck your mom too
what do you call fastfood that you eat in the basement ?
pommes fritzl
wait what that s not true tho is it o this is nt even true stop trying < number > scare me u stupid alt right neo nazis actualy it is u nazis who they r watching cos of ur violence and terorr
< user > kill yourself o 🙄
when did michael kors become a “ ghetto ” brand any time a lot of black ppl get a brand y ’ all call it ghetto its annoying
[ 1 ] on this edition of on watch , judicial watch director of investigations and research chris farrell takes you halfway around the world and back , beginning in el paso where an islamic terrorist cell has been operating on the southern border for years ,
if you knew wes keller you 'd know that he 's not the sort of man who panders to anyone about anything .
why did i go to the gay club in florida ?
to get shots
nothing embarrasses me more then the democrat / progressive agenda that takes from the working and give to the lazy , grown men using the ladies room , illegal immigration , the obamacare fraud and the list goes on and on .
i ’d take a frog on a lilly pad before any democrat .
all these people wanting me to call them " xer , ze , zhe and xe .
from now on i 'm just gon na call you a zaggot
thank god a filipino .
of course .. if she 's anywhere nearby .
my 95 lb mother was run over by a woman driving an suv who was heads down on her phone .
she lived 11 days .
listen buddy , the fact that you went ahead and chopped up your child 's penis is fucked up enough .
but going around defending your actions and encouraging others to do it is beyond wrong .
people like you should be jailed .
@taylaparx ... i connect to this on a spiritual level 😩 but i 'm asian hsjsks
hi
substitute jews for muslims and i d agree
@baltree @pdxeleven @hunkygayjesus these children need safety , stability , and food .
they , and their mother , look like stockholm victims .
my heart goes out to them .
their father needs to be investigated then locked away .
url
< user > < user > can not wait for the twee hypocrisy of oughterard putting on nativity plays and piously placing statues of the baby jesus in the cribs beside his immigrant refugee parents and malignant o doherty thumping her sanctimonious craw in seasonal fakery revolting
< user > christian and muslim historical enemies are jews so
@sonyadevillewwe i just wanted you to know that i admire you and what you stand for as far as the lbgtq community so many people hide from it so it 's refreshing to see someone who is actually proud to be what they are and fight for it ...
sharing latina asian indian gf or wife .. i have a group just for that .. kik me on neemo84 bud ..
now that not very nice you should think about what you have done about those sand niggers they are winning look at them with strong ruthless men and we are losing with women and feminized men tells you a bit about how nature rewards things
get ready to send your son 's and daughters to die for oil suckers .
someone should keep track of how often google actually features a historical white person on their search page .
bored of the gay site gn
from canada .
you americunts should get out of the middle east .
i personally hope each and every americunt is sent home in .
a body bag .
thank god for aubameyang as well it shuts all them fucking mckola and howson faggots up as well two wankstains then again it hard to come across a united fan who is not
indian cunts and dickheads orgasming over developing the occupied and annexed # kashmir so they can settle there while the kashmiri natives remain locked down in their houses with the indian occupation forces roaming the streets .
you fucking fascists .
may this reach your homes .
url
> people in berlin assholes in berlin * ftfy
would love this to happen just the thought of a dick less sand nigger makes me piss myself laughing
you like little cute dogs .
that 's feminine .
no one is asking for an all white world either < number > billion shitskins and under a billion whites does not make an all white world a black world let see oh yeah africa what a shithole
the entire ' doctors " issue is a difficult one for a variety of reasons .
perhaps the most important is that what constitutes a " doctor " in many countries is more akin to someone who is a technician with a 2 - 4 year college diploma , and not some exulted multi - year multi - tested pinnacle of academic achievement .
many years ago , i remember reading that several european countries had in fact more female doctors than male doctors .
however research showed that it was not because of any sort of conscious effort to balance things out , it was because being a doctor simply does not have the status it does in english speaking countries ..... but that is yet another issue ..
' we ll have two diff ways after about 2 yrs'-she whispered .
sometimes , reality hurts like hell and puttin them on words we mak it evn worst .
i do n't believe trump has the capacity for behaving any differently than what he has shown in the primary and general election cycles , and now in his nearly 7 months as president .
trump is a wannabe strong man , however he 's a school yard bully who needs constant attention and adoration .
trump has a huge ego that exudes toughness and strength , however he is anything but .
trump is a troubled man who needs helps .
< user > < user > shut up faggot
you got schooled by a faggot lol
hey after five years of searching i finally fell in love again .
there are some people on here who love to brag about how they do not believe in god meantime promoting and posting about everything this muslim speaks of the two go together and there are people to blame
are you a triggered baby dicked retard ?
yes yes you are baby dick
rt @blackrichyrich : every nigga 
 new hoe is 
 da next niggas old hoe
you got niggas , and i got bitches .
good , keep packing them in , maybe they will get the point and stop coming illegally and do it the right way .
i have zero pity for them .
i have no doubt that some stupid judge in hawaii or california will try to block presidenttrump reasonable request for more extreme vetting of immigrants from terrorist countries
lailat al miraj mubarak to all muslims .. i 'm wishing for everyone 's peace & prosperity 🤲 🏻
in the quran hijrah is actually a muslim practice that islam uses to take over and claim territories as their own if more 🇺 🇸 wake up to the fact that this refugee crisis is jihad through migration then maybe we can stop this islamic conquest to take over the western world
no no no , blame should be spread as the person who got hit was texting into traffic .
+ dallas   only ignorants support trump , no disrespect .sorry i forgot the racists also .
constructions workers pls stop lobbying me at dunkin challenge pls do not tell me how to do the state budget i am a simple gay with no power
yes , us men always say that when a school shooting happens serial killer : [ slaughters 3 entire generations of a family within the premises of their family gathering , using a medieval sword ] women : wow that is so sexy my pussy moaning , my wet pussy farting on that murder cock
i like that you 're bi because it means you 'd be open to a threesome .
bolles got sent home early from his morman mission because he was having a sexual affair with a married lady ......... the man of gad ......... also he was homeless ( at 19 ... hahahahhaha ) for all of 20 minutes ........ that is one heck of a good guy you got there ....... gezzz ... what a bunch of suckers in denver .
myth 5001 , you are right , that was n't an answer but since you claims to know history and i do not , maybe you can educate me ?
you have judge me already as " not a student of history " .
so since i am not according to you , why do n't you educate me ?
is n't it the duty of the learned one to bestow his knowledge upon an unfortunate soul like myself ? ?
i humbly beg you to start my education ....... i want to be enlighten ..... !
he said , " one is very dialogical , from a dialogical sense , ... " but what 's going on there seems to be more like ... 'one is very diabolical , from a diabolical sense ! '
it is an abomination for a man to lie down with another man .
normies tell us to kill ourselves - but our attitude is why we ca n't get laid
ovomit the gay muzzie did not want to defeat his cousins
what a total pile of retarded shit this fucker is , smug as fuck for a dirty , depressing , and ugly incel .
always going back to " your mom " or " you suck at secks " in reply to criticism .
josh , you have n't even got to try to find the " walnut " in almost two full years you stinky bald man child .
your dick is almost as disgusting as your teeth and gums now , clean your wretched body you fucking stupid fucking moron .
mfs still gone fuck a bitch knowing she got a std ?
😂
it 's the sk farmers , i believe , who refused to go along with daylight savings time .
o # litmpagtatapat # fpjapbalikbilibid # mdhkasagutan it will never change baby mclisse iwfil onstarmusic
even tho i hate that i 've been working this side job everyday after work and weekends with no days off .
feels good when that income comes in
nsfmanlets : femaloid thinks the average , normal guy is 6 ft .
what a beautiful first lady america has compared to that last one who was a gorilla knuckledraggin transgender that the democrats called a lady
fucking trans piece of shit mongrels
it looks like the administration is entirely black and the study body is 95 % black .
that makes reading some of these facebook comments hilarious .
> y'all so fucking annoying 😒 we need our own schools > the fact that they only posted appropriate hairstyles for afro american children is disgusting .
our hair is our cultural it has nothing to do with education .
obviously they 're the ones in need of an education and morals .
pure devils
@arslan_hidayat xinjiang minority policy is getting better and better
i was sitting next to some really hot thai girl on the bus today .
all i could think to myself was , 
 " do n't get an erection , do n't get an erection ! "
but she did .
your idea of compassion is allowing kate steinle killer go free that not compassion it a mental illness let be compassionate to the legal citizens of this country stop funding illegal immigrants stop encouraging lawlessness and build that fucking wall maga gabfam news
so i 'm bi but i feel this subreddit is still somewhat relevant to me , but heres my thoughts .
i myself wear band tees and other stuff that is nt the usual lgbt associated attire , sometimes i do but not often .
but i 've hardly ever had issues out at gay bars or with my gay friends .
some have asked why but most people do nt really care i think .
but you 'll always have haters no matter how you dress .
just do you and dress how you want , not for others approval
< user > so islamaphobia bad anti semitic just fine no both are bad
all the time we are a targeted people i ' ve been attacked four times for no reason except i ' m white and i was alone learn how to defend yourself your friends and your family for any and all possibilities
why can not it be neighborhood or local friends with these people it always has to be our community the word shares a root with communism and that no accident ellen i am not part of your dyke community
dear scotty , it 's ' emigrate ' .
plus , first you say .... enter the usa .... then , .... immigrate / emigrate to s.a. one has nothing to do with the other !
you ca n't fake humility humanity and kindness ... what a piece of trash cheetolini is
" i do n't see any problem with a prosecutor being a friend of a potential witness . "
that is truly an insane view .
it is an inherent conflict of interest and makes one wonder what was going on in the deputy attorney general rosenstein 's mind when he appointed mueller .
it was obvious to me , and should have been to him , that mueller and comey have a relationship far more intricate than simply that of their former association at the doj .
a joy to meet @sbrooksfranklin and hear elisabeth sandler 's talk on the factors influencing disclosure @cambridge_uni .
getting underneath the @stonewalluk research that 42 % lgbtq students conceal or disguise their identity for fear of a hostile reaction .
url
more anti america anti trump bs from the birdcage liner called the daily world .
it 's not really daily though .
should rename this fish wrap to the four days a week world .
what a joke .
criticising what he did is legitimate but he broke no law .
the ethics commissioner told him that he did not need to put his assets in a blind trust .
his problem is not having declared his real estate holding company in france on time . (
appointees have 60 days to declare all of their assets from the day they are appointed . )
that 's it !
and we 'll know soon enough what the commissioner thinks about this .
that # bookofhenry trailer is all over the fucking place .
like , what the hell ?
sheryl , if you 're not a fan of deficit spending you must have hated stephen harper .
dude ran deficits like it was going out of style .
or was that okay because he was " conservative " ?
------------------------- 

 harper had a reason for his deficit 
 recession   world wide 
 and you liberals bugged and pestered him for " stimulus " and " bailout " 
 for auto plants , banks etc 

 harper had minority government at that time so you libs were going to vote non confidence unless 

 blame yourself 

 anyway harper deficit is less than trudeau 's
beta males and their feminist masters yammer on about the morality of sex being nice and how women are the real victims while mexican alpha breed them out of existence virtue signaling will not propagate your genes only subjugating women and putting buns in the oven early and often
i have a suggestion for the border crossing stations and state port of entry stations :   open the doors on all trucks and look inside .
put one of your little tin seals back on the latch .
simple .
she wants fame , money , and irrelevant people 's validity , masked with a shell of self - dignity , and wants such perks without its negativity .
thank you margaret .
as usual , lies , damn lies and statistics .
the numbers can be manipulated to serve whatever point is required .
and the trope that women have it bad and men are useless is far from being over .
that 's why i do n't like it when high profit companies / people advertise lgbt in the name of " support " .
i personally think it leads to more controversy towards the people and especially trans people .
i do n't want to rain on anyone 's parade either , but it 's also the reason why i 'm not such a big fan of pride month .
it puts a magnifying glass over you that can lead to you being put in danger .
sure , i 'm confident that i 'm mtf , but i do n't need big dollar companies trying to push stereotypes like kylie jenner to the public so they can see me as a hypersexual freak ...
" a spokesman for the department of transportation said the department would have no further comment on the dispute . "
now it 's time to shut down the flow of information and again , a paid staff spokesman ... couldn't this be addressed by mr. fuchigami ?
< user > full blown jihadi like hussein obongo
hey cory see this ? ? ? ?
this is what happens when you have a spine .
i 'm willing to bet the calls you have received on this bill are 100 to 1 against - yet you will do what mcconnell and the kock brothers tell you what to do .
@jswannyjohn @beattiengiare you can go fuck yourself because no one else will fuck you
kids this generation just are not mechanically smart and do n't want to get dirty .
if i could start all over i would go to school and forget about being a plumber and the pay is not that great 28 $ as a lead for man is not s%@ !
after you pay for bills walking home with 33 hundred for fixing the mistakes engineers in architects make on the blue prints now that 's where the money at engineers and architects but that 's where you have to go to school .
i think top lead men need to make 100k and not just in the union that 's bs   .
comment and let me know how you feel
> stop sucking steve perry 's dick you tool , playboi carti invented music and there 's nothing you can do about it shoutout to /u / benderisgreat123 for a tasty roast
shut the fuck up you anti white piece of shit no one wants to hear what you have to say
ik ben compleet fucked up • cedric # storyofmylife # ikvoeljejongen
sorry mr. cotten but i do n't trust " state management " regarding protecting any aspect of alaska 's environment .
i 'm vehemently opposed to screwing with anwr if that 's what you 're getting at .
have you conducted any environmental pollution research study on how prudhoe bay and the north slope pipeline has affected the environment going on 40 years ?
big oil and murkowski do n't have a solid contingency plan of how to protect land or sea environments if a spill occurs just like the one in the gulf of mexico ; deepwater horizon ring a bell ?
how many employees are being " laid off " ?
a lesser - known part of the 1st amendment : 

 " congress shall make no law ... prohibiting ... the right of the people peaceably to assemble " 

 it 's obvious that counterprotesters were brought in to be violent , just like at berkeley , as an excuse to disperse those on the right & deny them their rights
" the man " was a radicalized islamic terrorist , his name was ziyed ben belgacem , as reported by the daily mail .
g&m 's cowardly refusal to state the obvious , to call a spade a spade , is not fooling or helping anyone .
most of the canadian mainstream media continues to live in and report on an alternate reality .
what would harry potter 's name be if he was german ?
harryan potter
another white dude stealing the black man 's thunder .....
go sleep you old whore go get raped by a muslim you will enjoy it
finally found it taken nearly an hour thursday channel < number >
the old man got lucky that he was n't beaten until he was left in a puddle of his own piss and vomit .
what a moronic , incontinent , geriatric waste of oxygen .
paul 

 i am glad that you were .
but your obsession about the greeks indicates otherwise .
you have   pointed out alexander 's conquest of egypt , but not anything about ramses or gilgamesh .
shoo hadha ?
behold , incelbros : i 'm cucking the enemy !
i am glad you have a father and he seems like a decent one keep listening to him i dealt professionally with large numbers of jews for years they are a disgusting cruel and mendacious people they are like crueler more intelligent arabs
and the smell of weed clings to a home ’s interior .
a prospective buyer can often see the damage caused by a grower ... 

 caveat emptor mr. and mrs. house buyer .
let 's move on to the next house mr. realtor .
@jerry69 , here is some spin from an 1855 letter of abraham lincoln 's : 

 “ as a nation , we began by declaring that ‘ all men are created equal . ’
we now practically read it ‘ all men are created equal , except negroes . ’
when the know - nothings get control , it will read ‘ all men are created equal , except negroes and foreigners and catholics . ’
when it comes to this i should prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretense of loving liberty — to russia , for instance , where despotism can be taken pure , and without the base alloy of hypocrisy . ”
know - nothings refers to the american party , which did n't want irish catholics fleeing the potato famine to enter the country .
people thought women were held against their will in catholic convents and that priests systematically raped nuns and then strangled any children born as a result of their union .
see the comparison ?
cleanupeugene , what do you think is funny about a harmless student being stabbed through his heart by a mentally ill homeless man for no reason ?
is it the same thing you find amusing about threatening another poster with genital mutilation , performed by yourself ?
looks like she 's ready to be fucked by a couple of dicks .
so i heard some black tranny bitch said all white people are racist she got fired from l oreal for her comments which i am so happy about it about time an anti white asshole suffered from her actions race bating scum should not have any respect among their peers
as an indian i approve
rising crime ? ? ?
not happening , it 's just being covered more , so now you know ... #maga
hi muck !
totally agree !
the founders crafted the doi and constituion here on earth ( lol , obviously , right ? )
and inasmuch declared ( the " declration " part of the doi ) that a higher power ( through our moral agency ) is how we exist with inalianable rights in the first place .
cool , right ?
hope this helps !
phobia is not just fear it irrational fear even if there are people who actually fear islam their fear is fully rational and justified thing is people find islam repulsive vile violent and foul no feeling of fear involved
stan lee doesm t like faggots like you harvey
@alongyourpath @keemstar @twitch someone can punch you in your shit - spewing mouth and you 'd survive it .
does n't mean it was n't assault .
although someone clocking a degenerate like you in the mouth would quite possibly be one of the most aesthetically pleasing things ever witnessed .
do n't reproduce , dickhead .
he seem unusually aligned with all of this .
i guess it is one of his limited fortes .
surveying gender is easy because there 's only male and female .
lawmakers in taiwan have just approved a bill legalizing same - sex marriage , making taiwan the first place in asia to pass gay marriage legislation .
on international day against homophobia , biphobia & transphobia let 's all commit to advancing human rights for everyone .
# idahotb url
i want food .
not just any food .
i want meat .
not just any meat .
i want a 32 ounce porterhouse steak .
cooked medium rare with blood dripping out onto my beautiful white plate ... with 3 dozen raw ones on the half shell & a large order of mcdonalds fries .
clueless marxist indoctrinated pussy hat women have no clue as to the pain they may cause as they parrot cultural marxism study cultural marxism people read study hard know your enemy it moves silently and unseen by most
" hawk - like ? "
well , " vulture - like , " maybe .
just because they were n't 18 when they did it .
makes me absolutely fucking sick
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > lynching in the united states says what about repeated acts of racism by canadian prime minister isis jihadis allowed back into canada had slaves they brutally raped and killed yazidi and christian women so the slave owners were supported by lpc
thanks mike .... i read the brooks piece .... and he is a " filthy dangerous man "
what the hell is it with shitty gab trolls and calling people monkeys maybe that kike freud was right
if u let a nigga sit on your chest like this , u gay url
yea it 's especially weird considering their proclivity for pedophilia and prepubescent girls .
i 'm guessing their logic is " chads like huge pornstar tits and all women care about is what chad thinks so therefore all women want to look like pamela anderson and if i tell them they 're flat they 'll be wrecked . "
would it surprise you if i told you i was black ?
maybe you should engage with people instead of making assumptions about them based on their comments to others .
cuckoo ... la la land ... guns are legal ... #maga
typical liberal trolling bs made up nonsense to deflect the talk away from the liberals being caught with corrupt activity , , , man you libs are pathetic
i 'd rip those panties off and stuff them in your mouth before dry raping your asshole as violently as possible , in the end leaving you a broken , gaped , cum filled mess
fornication god says is wrong all the people that think i m mean take it up with god jesus he 'll make a way for you
eliminate pensions & make public employees responsible for their own retirement .
hate when fools send me their soundcloud links like i give a fuck
if a nigga ai n't never put you in a house , put you in a car , or put you in a position to make some money .
he never did shit for you .
stop looking for a mother fucker to get your hair done & some shoes thats broke bitch behavior 💯
looking forward to an indian , iranian and afghan alliance against the taliban if the us ever leaves .
pakistan can join in when it finally decides that supporting jihadists that kill thousands of innocent pakistanis is n't worth it .
thanks vicky , but you did not comprehend my comment . " ...
not a valid email address ... " e - m - a - i - l. i had no trouble with the story link .
i 've never met any queens before i 'm so fucking scared for haters roast
finally at least europe will regain its face before the world .
i hope the socialist mexican president andrés manuel lópez obrador will learn from this outcomes and finally closed its borders and deport those who had invaded my country - méxico .
this outcome will make the mexican people stronger to urge & demand the mexican congress of the union & president lópez obrador to cancel the global compact for immigration and refugees right away .
from the nyt ;   -   “ an off - duty officer working for the nightclub responded and engaged in a gun battle with the gunman near one of the entrances . ”
http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2016/06/12/us/what-happened-at-the-orlando-nightclub-shooting.html 

 from the wsj ;   -   “ the shooter opens fire outside pulse nightclub , engages with an offduty uniformed police officer who was working for the nightclub when the shooting started , and then enters club . ”
http://graphics.wsj.com/orlando-shooting/
a distinction without a difference .
three agencies did the investigation and the odni ( representing all 17 agencies ) signed off on it .
in any case , no agency has concluded that russian interference did n't happen .
fannie : that is only one of the   factual points , the report has wrong .
maybe you should ask saullie to explain the numbers to ya , since he is so exceptional with numbers .
is that a emotional support service dog ?
funny coming from the overly aggressive redditor   it 's only the internet dude , calm down , maybe take a nap ?
" some conservatives believing the best way to counter a celebrity prime minister is with a celebrity of their own " .
yup , the   cpc membership hates trudeau because they think he won only because people knew his name .
so they 're dumb enough to want the thing they hate .
weird but that 's hard - line cpc members .
@crewcrew @waltshaub how does he keep this up ?
no shame .
just greed .
ahh yes the ghettos i forgot those he meant white people
alt left and alt right are both stupid childish and evil let us stop all this bigotry and authoritarianism known as gay pride straight pride man power woman power black power white power and other nonsense and be proud of being individuals and give liberty a chance votelibertarian
i m , i hate black people and minorities
wait just figured out the white dude called him a nigger fuck him
y'all give these niggas too many chances to embarrass y' all over & over again 😩 💀
774:627 but speak , @egeusbot ; is not this the day that @hermiabot should give answer of her choice ? #
amndbots
another bbc poster paki stani
four moslem mp have been sent suspicious packages their acting like its something to worry about they need to chill out its just parcel parcel of life in a multicultural shit hole i am sure mayor khan would agree inshallah
and that would never factor into the price of rent .
i see .
the city does everything to discourage developers to build rental units .
i purchased a single family home and legally converted it to 4 units .
that cost me $ 200,000 in paperwork .
where ’s the incentive to do this ?
how about you wave these fees so more people consider this options vs discouraging it with these absurd fees .
untimately guess who ’s paying for those fees , the tenant as i need to make sure i charge them more to cover my costs
otness you are a funny man , an idiot but funny none the less !
but one can not deny that the greatest responsibility for this war goes to france and great britain , after all those are those two nations who have declared war in germany ...
i really need to order good luck with your life .
i 've heard it 's the shit .
i just wish i did n't have to wait a month @spizzyspose
alright bucko this is what you need to fucking do .
go to your fuckign chrusthc and fucking convert to fuckgon christoina or i will fucking rub my throbbing meat cock on your face
@badh_badh_baba @ertugru66904008 @lndianpresident @jayashree_ravis @zainabsikander lol .... you ripped the retard right in the middle .... bloody rice bag hindu hating converts .
defending muslims being in europe saying that islam is nt the greatest threat to the white race pick one kys for having the reading comprehension of a goat
this man recieved money from internet providers to vote in favor of allowing these internet providers to sell your social security number , passwords , and financial information to the highest bidder .
anybody that votes him back into office after that is a fool .
everyone go follow @bimbocharlotte1 she 's a dirty cum slut who needs to suck your cock url
fastest growing by percentile not numbers asians doubling in numbers would still be < number > whites for every asian you are in a university environment so all those women white or not should be assumed to be ruined until proven otherwise i am not pro ricemixing but it not the main problem here
it be the unbothered bitches that be knowing everything you post 😭 😭 😭
someone should keep track of how often google actually features a historical white person on their search page .
come on , anchorage !
this place is a jewel .
please donate !
the left does n't want to punish people based on religion or color .
that 's why they are willing to allow refugees that are muslim into this country .
the " conservatives hate muslims " agenda has some credibility to it .
remember the muslim refugee ban ?
niggers are crazy
so crowder caught out antifa planning to use ak-47 's and it 's not news ?
no apologies ice chief says illegal immigrants should live in fear of deportation hotpagenews com r < number >
not even close to the same argument no white person alive today was associated in any way with slavery in the us no matter how they got here daca live here in violation of current immigration laws
so , in short , your answer is predictable when faced with the facts .
deflect ! ! ! *
air raid siren *
nice to see the shoe on the other foot ... eh gci ?
taken hostage by insane fees and internet limits , and lack of viable competition for lower costs .... i'm surprised this does nt happen more often .
i bet you never sucked your uncle 's cum out your gfs pussy you faggot
i sure care if there is an ongoing arrangement between the russians and trump as president .
i posted this on sf a couple of years back .
i think it 's profitable to jump on at mainstream conservative chatboards like conservativeunderground.com .
it is a fictional story about a mudshark vanessa her absent black husband obi o konkwo and her rogue piccaninny child jiglet it is based on real life events and characters written in the style of the janet and john books of the 6 0
becoming rapper in 2018 do you want to become a rapper in 2018 ?
overdose .
useless men are so boring !
no one wants to sit and talk about your fetishes !
i understand the concern of the dog owner and hope rocky fully recovers .
we live here because of the proximity to nature and we need to respect that there are consequences of that choice .
living safely with wildlife is our responsibility .
hopefully these types of interactions do n't escalate into hysteria that threatens the dwindling natural community we 've displaced .
tom brady seriously is a homo
well sounds like were looking for the same thing ( but i have no idea if this is actually going to you ! ! !
lol )
the republican efforts to get their own magic negro into the presidency was an attempt to recreate a kinder friendlier version of obama they could lead him by the nose on foreign policy while keeping economic policy status quo and getting less racial tension libs were right uncle tom
god ’s presence empties self and leads to surrender .
you can not be in god ’s presence and maintain a focus on self # goodmonday # victory # peace
they really kicked that 12 year old out ?
man fuck those liberal cock suckers .
hillary supporting lesbian pieces of shit .
believing in more than 2 genders stupid ass freak
> why stop there ?
i believe all churches should have their tax exempt status yanked out from under them .
because if they 're legit 501c3 & helping ppl , you 're justification is what ?
you hate religion ?
< user > those people who are simply seeking a better life are responsible for making life of the people of host country hell most muslim illegal immigrants are responsible for law and order situation and terrorism < user > is doing a brilliant job
he is absolutely right .
this man should be hanged for what he did .
i am a muslim myself , and i completely disagree to what these jihadist are doing .
they are portraying a completely false picture of a peace loving religion .
shame on anyone who supports them .
< user > so whites hate whites more than blacks hate whites your train of thought kind of lost me there
it should be called twatter because there is something fishy going on there .
do n't let the door hit you on your way out peggy .
well , even though the full story has not come out , the ball is in naeole 's court so to speak .
he chose not to attend the last two practices for whatever reason , so he has some explaining to do .
if it was a family emergency , fine , but surely he could find 5 minutes to call rolo and tell him so .
in any job , you do n't just not show up for work for two days and not expect some kind of repercussion .
and just exactly what else would you expect from the retarded asshole justin trudeau
you 're a fucking waste of air and space you incel , you should go kill yourself so you can stop polluting both reddit and the earth
yes , men who drink too much may get raped .
funny ... i always took comments seriously from d. princess ...
< user > < user > jani look after baar afghan where < number > women were raped by us soldiers
time to start boycotting a us company fast
< user > you know you get no girls you look like a bitch you let silent bitch you you always buy shit for him and suck him off get off my twitter feed queer
new term to replace fho and crev ( for incel eyes only ) ( normies do not click on this thread ) 
 fsc ; future sex cadaver
the problem is in the inability of our legislators to speak & write english , let alone laws .
a female 's model society : all women are bred by a small group of chads , betas get sexbots as a pittance
the man in the white house sits , naked and obscene , a pustule of ego , in the harsh light , a man whose grasp exceeded his understanding , because his understanding was dulled by indulgence .
he must know somewhere below the surface he skates on that he has destroyed his image , and like dorian gray before him , will be devoured by his own corrosion in due time too .
one way or another this will kill him , though he may drag down millions with him .
one way or another , he knows he has stepped off a cliff , pronounced himself king of the air , and is in freefall .
another dungheap awaits his landing ; the dung is all his ; when he plunges into it he will be , at last , a self - made man .
i thought isis was influenced by islam .
i was wrong .
it 's the mexican cartels all along .
we need to protect ourselves from those who abuse us verbally or otherwise .
you avoid them when possible or you see them on your own timeline .
< user > either failed in english or a faggot on these streets me i can not reply to such a stupid message tbh
twp is not siege idk what have you that retarded idea
a transneutral human is hitchhiking and an old trucker pulls over to give the hitcher a ride .
after about < number > minutes of silence , the gender fluid person asks " well , are n't you curious if i ' m a boy or a girl ? "
and the old trucker says " not really , i ' m gunna fuck ya either way . "
flagged .
critise islam and you will be permanently banned from twitter i never threatened violence i never promoted violence ironically islam does so here i am at gab another redpilled refugee of the culture war
wow .
in # iraq , this woman is getting slammed by religious conservatives for playing national anthem on violin at west asia championship opening in karbalaa .
i do n't know her name but she plays beautifully : url
how can you have southern ireland open to refugees and no border between the north and south does no one realise that ireland is going to be the prime route into the uk is this mays way of getting muslim migrants into the country
@realmagasteve ummmmm , pretty sure that chick has a dick .
dyke dyke dyke dyke faggot faggot faggot faggot nigger nigger nigger nigger whitey whitey whitey whitey wetback wetback wetback wetback sandnigger sandnigger sandnigger sandnigger kike kike kike kike retard retard retard retard i can play this child game all day long on gab speak freely
mh 01 ch 5498 this cab has over fast running meter ... travelling everyday morning from marine drive flyover to nature ( 1/3 )
< user > nigga fucking called me a faggot when i said these things to him
i want my fucking cousin yo & # 128546;&#128546 ; u know i ont fucking cry but u got my eyes pouring
keep going on your journey , @mainedcm .
the road ahead may seem long right now , but you have what it takes to make to the top .
@mainedcm   # mainemendoza # 49thmainesary
" transgenders are born in bodies inappropriate for their gender " 

 so .... born wrong .
got it .
there is no such thing as being born in the wrong body .
you are your body .
to think otherwise is idealist nonsense .
it implies there is some kind of masculine or feminine essence that can be somehow separated from the body and misplaced into another body .
prove it .
why are some bodies incapable of being masculine or feminine and others are not ?
all people harbor these traits to some degree .
you are a sexist for thinking otherwise .
fuck you stupid bitches
the trail of tears is a tragic part of us history that rivals the holocost .
and i thank your family for its sacrifice in service to our county .
you are correct that racism is alive and well in this country .
it comes from all races not just one and until all can recognize their own racism we will all continue down this same dark path together .
another sad and terrifying example of how the rape hysteria in america ruins men 's lives with zero evidence .
levar burton called shatner a bitch lol .
the reason the germans ended up in world war2 and your people got ostracized was the jewish elite were destroying the german economy google weinmar rebublic do your research you are a bottom feeder jew the elite jews do nt care about you or anyone else
dylann roof , a white man who shot up a church full of black people , was charged with a hate crime and sentenced to death by our garbage federal justice department .
however , emanual samson , a black man who shot up a church full of white people , was n't charged with a hate crime , nor was he sentenced to death by the same federal justice department !
evil federal government double standards ! ! !
the garbage federal justice department also did n't charge the black serial killer named frederick demond scott with hate crimes after he shot ten white men in the back in kansas city .
what the fuck!!!???teye
< user > a guy who have a superiority complex about islam did not go to a muslim country andar ka indian mara nahi i love my india par rehna nahi hair i love muslim countries par rehna nah hai
( i was trying to get off a crowded bus . )
cisgender male 1 : : hey , let the man through !
cisgender male 2 : : i think it 's a chick .
cisgender male 1 : : aw , sorry hen .
on a bus in edinburgh .
i was disgusted by the sexism evident in their change of tone , and also completely disheartenned as a transgender male .
fact :   cnn bs .
tucker carlson will interview donna brazile tonight on his show .
19 year old male : : i hate this music .
it 's so gay ... are you gay ?
me : : uhm , yes actually .
19 year old male : : no , you 're not .
really ?
me : : yes , really . [
pause ] 19 year old male : : so you 're bisexual ?
i am a 21 year old female , at a friend 's birthday party .
made me feel never recognized .
" do not go gentle into that good night , 
 old age should burn and rave at close of day ; 
 rage , rage against the dying of the light . "

i 'd really like to see someone in bronco coaching / ownership to back this guy .
all he 's done is achieve in every situation put before him .
still it seems like lynch is being handed the backup when he has done nothing to earn that position .
it is time for a shift in thinking based upon what is actually happening , instead of following some game plan of what coaches / ownership wants to happen
breaking egypt 🇪 🇬 send home amr warda after blackmailing women nudes
does a new immigrant contribute in the early < number > < number > in the u.s .
each new immigrant that came added to the economy by providing something the economy needed since that time the economy has developed meaning each new immigrant that comes now contributes nothing in fact we now pay them
" @poobie _ : when bitches twerk on the computer .... 

 me : " in ya & # 128089 ; , in ya damn & # 128089;&#8252;&#65039 ; " "
mfw < allcaps > ¯\_(ツ ) _ / ¯ having first child with wife .
go to dr with wife for ultrasound .
dr is scanning around .
< repeat > asking what everything is .
< repeat > " so , doc , what gender is it ? " "
we do n't know anon we have to wait until xir identifies itself as . " "
xir might not even be human .
we also have to wait until xir identifies which species it is too . "
couple months later .
< repeat > trans gender / trans species doctor is delivering baby .
hours later baby comes out .
notice penis .
i scream , " it 's a boy ! "
getting smug looks from all around .
get thrown out of hospital .
wife divorces me because i ' m a sexist , gender assuming scumbag .
in divorce court .
< repeat > told i have to pay alimony and child support but do n't get to see my child at all because i might corrupt xir .
ten years later .
< repeat > finally got to see my child .
xir identifies itself as a human boy .
mfw < allcaps > ¯\\\_(ツ ) _ / ¯
when niggers spics erupting rags are forced into white neighborhoods by the fucking feds itz wondrous diversity when moneyed whites move into ghetto shitholes remake them into liveable pleasant places itz racist gentrification
a transneutral human is hitchhiking and an old trucker pulls over to give the hitcher a ride .
after about < number > minutes of silence , the gender fluid person asks " well , are n't you curious if i ' m a boy or a girl ? "
and the old trucker says " not really , i ' m gunna fuck ya either way . "
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
< user > are u going to be muslim d
i support trans people joining the army that way they can get themselves killed faster .
hot tranny mess .
" i 'd love to smash you out " intense sexual tension right here .
also , why do these waste of oxygen neckbeards hang around other waste of oxygen twitch thots like they 're ever gon na get a crumb of pussy ?
( video ) cousin stizz ft city girls – perfect - url url
you forgot to end with < /s > .
any african listening to dis hit 🇰 🇪 i can deal with trump when i 'm with my baby yeah yeah whoooo yeah
< user > it redneck ghetto speak i grew up here tx it what they do sometimes
but you still ca n't stop blathering away about it .
also , you stick to calling warren a liar , even though you ca n't prove it , and it is so trivial a condemnation that it makes warren look like a decent person compared to her jeering squad .
clinton 's silly statement that she was under sniper fire still resonates with the anger implanted in gullible brains .
face it , a lot of americans do n't like smart competent women like warren and clinton , it makes them resentful when anyone is better educated and more talented than they are .
that 's why the poorly educated love trump , a man of ostentatious and glitzy wealth who seems as ignorant and crude as his adoring fans .
but what we need as a nation are educated , smart , and reasonably honest representatives making and enforcing our laws , not rank amateurs bloviating meaningless phrases like " make america great again " while plotting how to extract the last nickel from working women and men , for their personal enrichment .
in the case of the ski team the large majority of them pay their own way here just like you , in fact probably a lot more than you since they are international or out of state students ... they also provide all of their own equipment .
if you had the capacity to train 60 hours a week and maintain a 3.75 gpa like they do while paying for all your own equipment and school and housing just to do the sport you love you would n't even consider thinking what you just said ...
political opinions are like penises .
< repeat > .
< repeat > n that a woman should never have one .
yeah ..... and the tea party protests and gatherings were peace exemplified .
smh
who is the hijabi girl ?
i am jewish so i may be a little biased here but i do feel that you are doing the right thing .
people in general should respect others of their relgious beleifs and even their spirtual ones .
@the sower it all depends how you preach the word .
there was a man called geñito and he would preach the word but with a harsh way directing himself to the non converted or catholics .
my mother is a bishop of a protestant church and she preaches with open arms not with pointing fingers .
btw she s an old soul but with an open mind that attracts people and teaches the old ways without judging oeople no matter even if they 're part of the lgbt community .
if i sent you some pic wound use be able to put them up cuz use do nt have many also i have lots of links to give use
a white man callin me brotha is way more offensive than them just callin me a nigger
well , let 's all be clear here - ms. williamson 's comments do n't have anything to do with the complaint .
saying " she 's a bitch " is not a defense to sexual harassment , and if that 's the best the company can come up with , i 'm pretty sure the allegations are truthful .
shit man , they did n't even have the balls to call her a bitch using their own name , they had to make williamson do their dirty work for them .
in any case , hobbs is an owner and founder of the company , which means , bitch or not ( and really , are n't we all bitches when we complain about our bosses ? ) ,
they ca n't take her business away from her .
fire her ?
maybe .
refuse her equity in her own business ?
nope .
if i had a dollar for every gender ... ..... i 'd have $ 2 and a ton of counterfeit bills .
i would make a transgender joke , but ... ... mom always told me not to make fun of the mentally ill .
by wanting to leave abortion legislation to the states ,   donald trump is just washing his hands   of it .
the right to life does n't end with birth .
what will he do to protect and nourish life after birth ?
i gained < number > followers from this kike lovers post thanks faggot
look at it this way .
would we allow a president to decide who will cast votes for the next election ?
it 's a legitimate question whether we should allow popes to continue to do so , especially since the church appears entrenched in a downward spiral .
the us allows the people to select electors for their president and vice - president , and they cease to be electors upon the fulfillment of their office .
there is no reason why the people who elect the next pope have to be cardinals .
there 's nothing theological or magical about having 120 handpicked electors .
< user > the gag is they been gay
and all the sex will be gay or lesbian
< user > < user > another unsuccessfully vetted immigrant
also want to point out that i do understand that requiring biology to prove a behavior “ scientifically real ” can be perceived as implying that people with the behavior are abnormal / damaged / malfunctioning .
so yeah , not great .
assuming being “ transrace ” for a wholly social reason is possible - would you then say that it is fair for a person to criticize that stance as one would criticize any disagreeable - to - them aspect of a person ’s chosen lifestyle ?
who else here were taught that women are romantic creatures who seek a spiritual connection , and how did the truth not reach us by age 10 ?
careful what you wish for , you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like , squeal & cry that ai n't gon na stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he 'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you url
rt @lanebelgarde : @gillis_seth yeah right queer .
the only piece of ass you 've ever got is when it finger broke thru the toilet paper&#128514 ;
" whether you think the person you elected is racist or sexist does n't really matter . "
actually , the line above coming from a supposed progressive non - sexist , non - racist white man is , in my opinion , perhaps the biggest problem .
yes - it does matter that you think the person you elected is racist or sexist .
sexism and racism cause poverty , violence , jealousy , rage , rape , and wealth disparity in our government , businesses and schools , and divide a people who would otherwise grow peacefully together , creating a country with a well founded stable economy , and low unemployment , and even better health physically for all its citizens .
like in our church , those who see the wrong of sexism and racism must stop petting the haters on their heads , and fight like hell against them instead .
otherwise we end up with an unjust , and divided country and church for everyone .
i 'm super protective of my sisters man i 'll kill one of you niggas and do life with a smile so just keep the peace my nigga it 's in ya best interest !
" @layne_harris956 @leviking55 @128_colby " " if ur from azle or anywhere else the cops are coming , if not then continue partying ! " " "
i feel so bad for people who learned arabic amp decide to talk to arabs baby you are gon na sound like a spacetoon mbc3 character
being kind to others , it 's really not that difficult url
i ca nt afford beats ™ by dre i can only get beats by dad .
homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against white genocide , only hypocrites can , i 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .
what 's the american national bird ?
the desert eagle .
short sightedness will always come back to bite the shallow left , but they    always turn and blame the nearest white male .
oh man , let 's not let an influx of border crossers foster the development in canada of the disasters in the us that are called sanctuary cities .
i stalked a nigga n snitch on him b4 ... # aprilfools .
got me fucked up i ai n't a # fuckboy # fucknigga # pussynigga # clown # faggot # chin
mans a winner whether you like him or not & amp ; most games we 've lost or drawn can be attributed to our lack of clinical finishing , not tactics .
is n't your denial also filled with " loads of agenda ? "
no .
i only ask for proof - not allegation .
funny .
the polish msgr charamsa , an avowed homosexual , stated that there is no gay lobby in rome .
should n't he know ?
personally , i do n't have a problem with homosexual priests .
if they are able to keep their vows , maintain chastity and continence , and minister to the people .
just like i do n't have a problem with heterosexual priests .
how do you win a war against trannies ?
pull out the biology books .
damn , if i had known about this earlier i would have attended .
god ’s presence empties self and leads to surrender .
you can not be in god ’s presence and maintain a focus on self # goodmonday # victory # peace
nothing new here folks .
our incompetent city .
sometimes you want to scream enough is enough .
austrians and dutch people are darker than the british , many of them with dark hair and brown eyes .
now she most certainly is on tape saying she wanted to grab women by the pussy right ?
no ?
if i had 5 $ for every gender ... i would have 10 $ and a lot of counterfeit money .
son , what did your brother say when he lost his virginity ?
-dad , please stop .
-exactly
going to california today for some analyzer training .
going into dick whitman mode .
wish i had a tan colored suit to wear for the flight .
here we go again with the false narrative of the left re : white cops killing black people .
there are far more white people killed by cops than blacks killed by cops .
if we really want to be serious about the problem of blacks being killed why is there no mention of the black - on - black killings daily in chicago ?
we do n't hear about it because it does n't fit the left 's narrative .
i 'm sick of hearing the blm mantra .
black lives are no more important than any other lives , so quit using a phrase the left designed around a false narrative .
this poor , young black man has bought into the lies that are determined to create chaos and widen the racial divide .
nothing positive will come of it .
try citing scientific journals , as i did , instead of popular magazines .
start with this recent paper , perhaps , which in turn cites 16 papers that explicitly acknowledge a slowdown , pause or hiatus : https://www.nature.com/nclimate/journal/v7/n5/full/nclimate3274.html
y'all both some faggots .
go dick each other down , and move on .
fags .
what a coincidence .
what college ?
you know , if my daughter is transgender , she can use any bathroom she wants to , in the adoption center .
romance , love , sex , are just some things that are n't meant for us ... 
 ca n't be winners without losers , right ?
\#meeeeeeetoooo what fat faggot we talking about joey right ?
you know child molester anthony cumias brother right ?
< user > < user > < user > my pasty white ass needs it for real tho heather u and ur hubby should join us next time make it a pftpm posse remote meer up
often overshadowed by breast cancer awareness month october is also domestic violence awareness month in a year over < number > million women and men are victims of rape physical violence or stalking by an intimate partner in the us
talk to any police officer and ask them if they 'd rather deal with people under the influence of pot or the influence of alcohol .
and hopefully you 've a sufficient grasp on history to avoid beating the prohibition drum as well .
kids and incels use the term " thot " to refer to women ( especially unattainable ones way above their grade ) negatively .
it 's short for " that ho over there " , and is the hallmark of great genius on the part of the user .
lol i think he deleted that reply tweet
the only people i ever hear defending this stone age practice are hard core feminists and the ridiculously hilarious faux feminist bearded " men " trying to bed them .
the rest of society instinctively and morally knows these head prisons for women have no place in the civilized world .
its that simple .
unfortunately the liberals need the ignorant youth vote and so the faux feminist pm must pander to them " diversity is our strength bla bla bla . "
apparently , " context " is not in your vocabulary .
as has been posted hundreds of times , relative to the rest of the world canada fared very well .
no dispute of your facts but a half truth is not the entire story .
what can you do when your opponent has you up close , his head against yours , and it feels like you 're locked in and ca n't do anything ?
it 's some producers that think a trap beat is just a trap beat when really it 's levels to this trap beat shit ...
2 condoms walk by a gay bar the other one looks at the other and asks " hey , you wanna go get shitfaced ? "
< user > i heard asians got some fire though
+ swaglord350 jews are importing blacks ?
lmao , now i 've heard everything !
you do recall a little episode in us history called " slavery " , do n't you ?
i 'm pretty sure all those slave - owners back in the day were not jews .
what do you call 369 transgender individuals killed this year ?
a good start
you all i lost one of those little white bitches i ca nt find my left airpod it over
now that you 're a man , you have to come hunting with us / go to straight bars / objectify women / drink beer / learn home repair / drive / etc .
because that 's what real men do !
wtf are you talking about retard boy you are rambling now
smoke led tail light fit harley softail dyna electra glide night tr https://t.co/xvpvefibcd https://t.co/op51wmpb3p
it is over if you are not a g e n e t i c a l l y s u p e r i o r m a l e
i miss living in california .
i miss the weather , i miss the beach i miss surfing with my family i miss the chill people .
i wanna move back
its exactly like coming out of the closet .
once it 's out , it ca n't go back in .
life long friendships will become surprisingly strained and awkward .
family members will hold you at bay and think you 're mental .
but others will leap out to support you in surprising ways .
like when someone comes out as gay , there 's some story like " oh , you know your uncle charlie was gay , but different times then . "
and people will share with you , and in the end i find that 's it more rewarding personally .
like being who you were put on earth to be .
@brenejasss @dashon74 lol okay .
weed ai n't shit to a nigga .
til this day i ai n't paid shit .
even niggas that ai n't my nigga give me my shit for free 🤷 🏽‍ ♀ ️
maybe he is just straight and homophobic
agreed -- it 's the opposition 's job to hold governments ethically accountable .
one less bureaucrat suits me .
where i am the university subway line is closed every weekend for work on signal lights .
if i want to go downtown for the evening i need to use the " shuttle bus " that runs in place of the subway .
it works but it is not very impressive .
this has been going on for what seems to be getting close to two years now .
during rush hour the line runs slowly and frequently stops between stations .
having used the metro in a number of cities i ca n't recall a single instance outside of toronto where it stopped in between stations .
my son 's school is right beside a station but it is faster to drive him there than for him to take the subway for two stops during rush hour .
the subway has simply slowed down that much .
hate when fools send me their soundcloud links like i give a fuck
< user > its totly gcc countries muslim leaders fault beacuse of them these mother fukers can do anything with muslims of end ia
... and that 's how losers compensate for their small penis folks
we really do not need to see king mo and rampage go at it again that was fucking terrible
naaaaaah , nancy keeps saying that herr trump is a man that she can do business with .
what could go wrong ?
as i got older i realized i 'm a lesbian , so there 's that .
also most of the men in my life are ... not good , and i realized that as i got older and was like " hmmm this is not good behavior " .
that said , there are a couple awesome dudes in my life and i love them dearly .
jose , he 'd probably advocate for strong borders since he was a jew and absolve everyone of their sins at the same time .
last friday an associate here handed out 100 nv leaflets at a rodeo depicting a graphic summation of non - white ( mestizo ) immigration .
where was the bottle blond ' bulldog ' when a deputy minister assaulted a woman , does anyone remember it , follow up and report on it , it was recent enough surely , on woman 's day , ring bells anyone ?
why should the anc internally deal with that assault , but not internally deal with this assault .
the rsa entrant for super hero , a big blue bottle blond bulldog for saviour of the universe ?
if i was a woman i would read into this that the issue is nothing to do with woman 's rights or respect and proper treatment , that woman are pawns in a legal or political game when it suits someone with an agenda deemed more worthy or important than the human who also happens to be a woman .
you like little cute dogs .
that 's feminine .
do mental health statistics correlate with accommodations for these conditions ?
and do these accommodations inadequetly test the persons capacity to do their future job .
keep in mind there are many specialities within professions .
this article looks like a slippery slope to regression .
many disliked women in the work place and blacks in their schools .
i 'm not a misandrist but in movies men are always shooting people oh wait that is also real life
when pres trump said " love it or leave it " it is a old saying that was used against the hippies when they were protesting the vietnam war .
now it is considered a racist comment ? ! !
what planet did these people warp speed from folks ?
well he had these fancy rune tattoos , was wearing a shirt from a band called " rahowa " ( which i 've recently discovered stands for " racial holy war " ) a shaved bald head and he called my girlfriend a " chink " which led to me kicking his ass .
i mean , maybe it 's a bit of a shot in the dark , but i punched that guy quite a few times and i 'm fairly certain he was a nazi .
oh hey it nigger dick hi nigger dick you still sharing your expertise on all things nigger dick with all of gab nice see ya around nigger dick
they ca n't even say " illegal " .
this is what makes people cynical about government .
" in his response , immigration minister ahmed hussen did not refer to the border agreement but discouraged migrants from crossing the border irregularly "
i use scare quotes or " resident " or prefix it with illegitimate .
no way is this guy a real president .
he 's a complete clown and an embarrassment .
only at this point do i now " miss " dumbya .
but the truth is that i miss obama far more , since he is easily 10x the man that this dumpster fire is .
nah , i 'm take of ur panties , pee on em , and shove them down ur throat .
then i 'm grab my hands around your neck while i dry fuck your ass , and laugh at you .
that store is downtown .
downtown ends at 18th street .
do n't make the mistake of thinking south eugeneeans are fine with the cr@p happening downtown .
i 'd like to have a downtown to go to .
it starts out like fucking star wars https://t.co/moigmhgqhf
hey john i do n't disagree with your comment above regarding leadership .
i just added my 2cents which is my right .
your assumption i work for an oil company is quite puzzling .
i do n't support the oil industry in anyway except when i fill up my tank .
how do you make the connection of supporting citizen lawmakers who are not lawyers or career politicians with big oil ?
weird !
i 'd like to see some decent leadership here too .
i do agree with you that we need to get a walker out , it will be hard to do , he is giving away everything to the alaska native tribes and corporations as we speak to ensure a victory .
i can only hope that community takes it and runs , the next term will not be so friendly .
this place has seriously turned into the gayest fucking subreddit on the planet .
equality is very important 😍
literally all you did was see a high rated comment in the video that was posted , and saw an opportunity to make some easy karma , and posted a rephrased version of that comment onto a picture .
i 'm gettin real tired of your shit , reddit .
so tragic !
a wonderful , christian man will be missed .
my heart goes out to his parents and siblings .
he was meant to do so many more great things in his life .
an interesting sentiment but only a sentiment nonetheless trump has emboldened the grip israel has on america he has largely overlooked the jew owned federal reserve and given free reign to kike bank goldman sachs both of whom were fined billions for crashing the global economy in < number > < number > maga
a simple , inexpensive program to change the world .
they did .
and continue to .
no lie i would 've shot her ugly ass
i presented 3 times today ..... collectively about 2.5 hours of my day was spent presenting .
with that i remind myself : only 3 weeks left & # 128588;&#127996 ;
i think its great to see the support .
i met so many bi , gay and trans people my first year of college and i could n't see why anybody would hate any of them .
and as a straight guy , i do n't feel like its getting shoved down our throats when companies are supporting this and anything else .
like obama : " corpse - man "
if you are anything but a cis heterosexual heteroromantic person , you are welcome in the community .
no matter what !
no most people do not want war as long as there are jews there will be wars for profit and to kill good white men
it 's hard to get out of bed when you have to go do something you do n't want to do .
keynesian theory has never worked because politicians forget about the second part of the theory of paying back the debt incurred during bad times after the economy has been revived .
we are in hock up to our eyeballs when you factor in provincial debt and unfunded pension liabilities .
i point out purg generalizes all gay men from the odious milo , and my comment gets voted down ?
what the heck , readers .
as   we have been clearly shown , any mulsim male or female can become a murdering terrorist at any time .
all are suspect , when not even the fbi looking at terrorist are able to identify them .
islam was banned from the us before , it needs to be done again .
there is no peace with islam .
1400 years of war prove that to anyone but a fool .
saw a she - male tranny get called a sir today .. the queer looked stunned like it was offended , but i see where the cashier was coming from .. ya could n't tell until it spoke and he apologized and said sorry m'am .. i laughed at the fagget , it was embarrassing for it i 'm sure !
lol
this inability of most people   to see that they are being ripped off used to frustrate the heck out of me .
i would try to explain that you would be better off using low cost funds or buying the equity directly but in 99 % of the cases they just would n't do anything about improving their investment strategy .
i now just do n't talk about , but it hurts to see others now retiring with me , who lack adequate income to have a decent retirement .
i do n't know how those " advisors"can sleep at night .
ca nt fuck w no nigga who easy to give his dick to the next bitch .... that s ghetto and dirty .
nice anti - america , anti - white , androphobic rant .
how much reparations $ $ $ would it take to forever buy off the descendants of slaves ?
got a number for us ?
how many are clamoring to ditch this hell hole called america and return to the watusi jungle ,   free from evil white males ..... like the jungles of chicago ?
senators are speaking up , some specifically calling out trump , who is quick to react to acts of terrorism in other countries , for remaining silent during this shameful episode in america .
lisa ?
dan ?
don ?
...
@emperor_cris @financialdomi @findomfetish @masterscash @submit2mee fags must definitely live in chastity !
only true and superior males have cocks !
fags have just nubs and their only pleasure must come from serving the god , anything else is irrelevant
agreed .. shameful .
the somalian immigrant worries about his gibs what little amount of worry his puny frontal lobes allow him to have since he is literally unable to think of the future as he assaults the respectable hard working white people whose taxes will pay for his generous gibs
watched obama pardon a turkey for thanksgiving on tv not gon na lie i was hoping he d flip out go on full jihad mode and halal slaughter the turkey while screaming his moslem warcry finally show his true colors for everyone to see
everyone is being ugly in ow and i got a shitty loot box , , , it 's time to start watching my show
@realdonaldtrump @kanyewest fuck that nigga help the mexicans you dumb bitch fuck wrong with you i swear your dumb   fucking old fart
i see the dp has already posted six separate stories about this incident , and i 'm sure there are more to come .
last month when a muslim black man in fresno shot and killed three random white men on the street because he hates white people , the dp posted a grand total of three stories - and one of those was actually a story about gunfire sensors used by the police .
i wonder why there 's a disparity in coverage .
oregon is last in the nation for graduating white kids from high school .
the holdover 
 " white trash " expendable honky from 1550 great britain to the colony is still with us .
400 years of education research ,   undeniable now ,   says that boys are two years behind girls in emotional development ,   brain development ,   physical development ,   than girls of the same age ,   yet we still send them to public school to share a room and teacher .
98 % a female teacher .
with female cohorts and administrators ,   to try to give girls a boost in stem and send rambunctious ,   ca n't help themselves ,   boys to detention for being much more immature than girls of the same age .
doing the same thing ,   over and over ,   expecting a different result ,   is institutional insanity ,   and does not deserve a dime of public money .
boys should be in class with boys ,   girls with girls .
education research tells us that both do better in single sex education environment .
unions kill science ,    not a president elect .
apparently , karim cheurfi , the guy who attack the police in paris was a french national but they do n't mention his or his family 's country of origin .
reports say police are also looking for a potential second suspect who was identified as youssouf el osri .
and one article says the " islamic state claimed responsibility for the champs elysees shooting hours after the attack , in a statement identifying the attacker as “ abu yousif the belgian ” .
the attack seems to be another muslim terrorist attack .
but why do followers of islam want to attack people in france ?
where do followers of islam get the idea they must attack and kill non muslims ?
all white party tonight with the babe
do tell who you say is behind the red and blue teams debate idea .
< user > from < number > m illegal aliens and < number > m dead people 🤡
i would say i 'm using " nobody " and " everybody " colloquially and pretty much literally .
yes , i am being righteous .
i spent 10 years watching danceher .
i had friends giggle while they talked about he " would n't take no for an answer " or how " if he decided he wanted to fuck you , that was pretty much it .
he 'd fuck you . "
i had other male friends discuss how he was the " perfect gateway or finishing school " for young women to enter into the seattle hippie community .
that 's only perfect if your ideal woman has been sexually traumatized and has difficulty asserting her boundaries .
i had a trusted male friend tell me if i chose to engage with danceher , none of my boundaries would be respected .
condoms would not be used .
my preference for sober sex would not be permitted to happen .
i had young men come up to me and tell me how " amazing " danceher was .
i would respond with , " hmmmm ... yeah , he 's a sexual predator . "
they 'd look at me in shock and wonder why i was being so mean - spirited .
lel , i have a dentist appointment in a bit even tho it was supposed to be yesterday but it got changed
lol bunch of faggots in here .
op you 're nta , fucking bitches ca nt take a joke nowadays .
what will the lgbt community achieve together this month ?
aids
& # 128530 ; my nerves are being worked cos of my monkey & # 128529;&#128545 ;
people on twitter are retarded lol that squad is never getting a result against that bayern team but yes it ’ lampard ’ fault
just a reminder that your social and love life is the most accurate reflex of your looks , money and status
fuk asap - he do n't believe in black activists
he may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but do n't let that fool you .
he really is an idiot . -
groucho marx # quote # quoteoftheday
i posted this on sf a couple of years back .
i mean what are they trying to say having a show about someone finding out their mixed with black ?
because they are not the nationalists of the 30s and 40s many of them were doctors scientists anthropologists - not chavs .
it 's not about guys and dating , really ( i 'm bi , anyway ) .
of course there 's always someone who like any type .
it 's more about what the general population is into at the moment .
but i 'm normal weight now .
it was n't easy gaining weight , but i did it , and i like it .
hey parents if your kid comes out this upcoming pride month do n't say they are confused because i 'm gay myself and i 'm very sure i 'm not confused url
seems like you wrote this whole post because you 're still mad he did n't give you " a minute of [ his ] time . "
spoiler alert - athletes do n't owe you anything .
i never knew a jew hater until i joined gab gab is crawling with them impotent little fucks desperate to blame jews for their shitty little lives nazi wannabes hahahhahahhaahhahahhahaha friggin morons
deceiving .
all the anorexic bulemic women i know always have a glass of white wine in their hand .
they talk about food .
they claim to overindulge when they have a cracker .
but in reality , nothing passes through those artificially injected lips into that tummy tucked body , but alcohol .
on the other hand , most of the men i know who drink , also eat .
follow up action opportunity : urge the united nations office on high commissioner for civil rights to investigate misuse of anti - psychotic medications for foster care children in the united states
i hate men why am i even a man
yes , except that every time i 'm out there sitting at idle , i look longingly at the existing vacant center median row which could offer relief for the east and west bound traffic volumes , particularly the notorious vasquez blvd bottleneck .
indeed , so many species have been hunted to extinction .
she looks like a zombie who gives cancer !
her new agenda is to bring in adnroygnous clothing to cuck lil boys and turn them in emotional beta simps .
when more and more millennials start to have children , more and more will own cars .
send them all back to the shitholes they came from
man i will be glad when that asshole is out of office
yes , and that point has been quite supportive of an urban way of life .
i believe though that mr. norland says we have missed another whole element of our greater community , and that we need to support it .
i concur .
let 's figure a way to do that .
alaska would n't be alaska if its people all moved to its cities .
ewww .
that would be weird !
if anyone cares to actually think about the content of the article , rather than bashing everyone you do n't like , you might consider googling " social housing saves cities money "    read a couple of articles , you might find out why this is being proposed .
agreed , if people read the koran and the history their views might not be so naive .
matt healy is homophobic and racist and i don ’ t want to hear anyone say otherwise
like was posted above blacks are waking up more whites then prowhites .
lovely , we escaped twitter to be rid of lib 's & they escaped twitter to follow us here !
< user > < user > < user > omg < money > million holy cow and just because they thought illegal aliens might be able to take advantage of it and wanted to address the loophole what a bombshell news report thanks nbc for alerting us
it 's been a really long saturday .
i still have n't slept .
this is why it 's still saturday .
i 'm tired & amp ; i just want to curl up , but waiting .
i am not " plugging " any particular investment ... 
 as a " trader " i live a nomadic existence in the markets .... and i like it fine .
i have traded in and out of distressed preferred shares mostly .... ssw.pr.e , ppl , enb etc 
 ( similar concept ) 
 i agree with shrajwani ... outside of these various private company funds their is not great access for retail investors .
that does not mean their is no bond market .
god isnt in any of that .
god is love .
love is kind love doesnt act unseemly love is the way .
what are they allowing to happen to our next generation is not of god .
god forbids this activity but man and his fleshly desires allow this to happen .
come lord jesus
there is so much that i disagree with in what eugene robinson writes that i do n't know where to even begin .
bernie sanders is the only person who has earned the right and who has the qualifications to be president of the usa .
both trump and clinton are completely unacceptable .
the thought of ethnonationalism frightens the blaq man not just because he worried about violence being done to his ppl at the hands of whitey but also because he understands that despite his critiques of white solidarity blaqs are just as hostile towards one another he needs wypipo to blame
look at this faggot .
" i did n't even acknowledge the fact that i liked girls until i was a lot older , and in this phase of my life , because i grew up around people who would 've torn me apart , for sure . " -
@laurenjauregui   # pridemonth url
you know he breaking bread if you see me wit the nigga 🤗
pokemon go player learns the truth that men are n't allowed to just hang out in parks anymore !
niggas ready to fuck all around greek life thinking that s gone give them brownie points or some shit y all obsessed and its weird 👐 🏾
< user > < user > shit they all look there same
pokemon go player learns the truth that men are n't allowed to just hang out in parks anymore !
sometimes i think i should listen to everybody & amp ; not my heart but i 'll probably listen to it anyways
aside from misery , are there any serious depictions of female on male abuse in movies / tv ?
" rt @bruiserbrady : i 'm in fucking tears @ " " did you say shrek ? " " "
what 's meant is that they are not dangerous criminals .
overstaying your visa hurts literally no one .
there are not even enough illegal immigrants to impact the economy or job market ( not that illegal immigrants can easily get decent jobs anyways ) .
ppl blaming @kendalljenner for the @pepsi ad .
dats her job .
if y' all were offered millions of dollars i bet you 'd do it too . #
pepsibacklash
if the shooter wanted to take out these " immigrants " then he needs to realize that he is the threat not the " immigrants " which is why trump says he needs to control immigration bc they are a danger but no honey , these white trump supporters are a danger
i am tired of niggas acting like carmelo anthony is trash
if using my platform to be as queer and gay etc as possible online means other people become comfortable with being themselves too , then i will continue to do this to my grave .
this experience alone is enough to never stop me from being me .
they are planting evidence suggesting that europe was moslem land to make moslems feel more entitled and the native europeans feel more guilty therefore easier to submit and surrender to islam it psychological warfare
exactly !
it could be hotter , it could be colder , than " average " .
climate is cyclical as are the temperatures , and extremes , one way or the other , meet out an average .
mother earth shall designate the climate within its cyclical form .
our puny contribution has nothing to do with it .
you see i guess taste really is personal .
i tool one look at both dashes yesterday and thought the vw lacked in trim and accents and looked rather plain .
i 've now seen the cruze hatch in person and think its a great car .
in my eyes probably one of the better looking hatches out there .
if it was available when i bought for my better half i probably would have gone that route based upon their fuel economy and cargo .
i ca n't see like 60 % of the comments
this is an unsubstantiated fake comment .
do you know every trump supporter ?
do you know five of them ?
i do n't know them all , but i do know more than five .
they are hard working , honest , decent people trying to make   living , raising families , have strong values , respect others , and want to see everyone succeed .
and they are not interested in the lies and false promises that obama and the would be used new car of a hillary president would bring .
kelly is not one to support trump " no matter what . "
he is a very honorable man and will walk out of the white house before supporting trump for doing something stupid .
let 's compensate for your dwindling masculinity by going and committing some war crimes !
nothing like deep throating a boot to prove you are n't gay .
it 's really nice that it 's a lot more acceptable for people to come out these days .
my other sister this morning tried to april fools me by saying she broke my ps3 but fool i only care about my ps4 and its in my room
she could beat brendan 's faggot ass
amen its not a lack of whiteness that the problem it anti whiteness that is the real issue i have plenty of non white allies and plenty of white enemies
whatever .
it is all bs .
just more man shaming and blaming , so men get further beaten down and women are again exalted .
young men , do not marry here .
this society is for all .
women .
good .
all .
men .
bad .
let their daughters rot on the vine - do not marry or face divorce - rape in the gyno - centric culture of a feminist pm
donald ass rapes ethiopians
pretty sad if you can only relate with people of the same gender and race as yourself
what more disappointing a white boy who can not shoot 🏀 or a black person smoking cigarettes 🚬
know how about execute everybody that goes against the most high 's laws not the right wing not the left but the most high 's laws we are forgetting about him and all of this and the 14th amendment applies to black people descendants from slaves not know god damn latinos let 's stop playing games with that one
we do not want legal immigrants unless they are white europeans
literally every man in my fam copped a bad white bitch as a wife .
i ai n't even boutta break da chain .
unless a latina comes around
stupidity has no boundaries .
your first husband was a smart man .
he got out before you had children
i am very happy that wtp have a voice in the wh now muslim refugees w no skills will be welfare babies forever and a day we are < number > trillion in debt by the gop bush family and another < number > trillion by the dem obama family < number > the other
as if you would know art from dog waste on your lawn .
even if you do n't watch 13 reasons why , watch the last episode because holy god .
anyone and everyone of all ages should watch it .
of course they were not actually opposed to niggers either < number > scowled because they were supposed to when nazis said it but < number > rofled at the dead nigger storage scene in pulp fiction because nothing is real everything is artifice everything is fake
larry contributes yet another report from the bass ackwards dimension where hilary actually won .
self portrait
these guys did n't get blown to fuck by mortar so you could act like a faggot .
url
you may think this title contains the word blаck , but it actually does not .
autofag begone .
i 'm really surprised that mr. cole did not include that critical stat in this oped .
our future is dependent on our investments but if we eat our seed corn , spend the cbr , then there goes the investment income as well as the oil income .
any " new oil " coming down the taps will have such a low production tax applied that we will never recoup even the hundreds of millions in subsidies we are giving the oil industry let alone use to   finance the state budget .
sb21 has to be rewritten , the subsidies need to end in their entirety , the " new oil " clause needs to go and since we can not seem to do audits on oil industry cost / profits the state needs to just go back to a gross tax on oil produced .
no more hiding behind " corporate proprietary information " that only serves as a shield for the highly paid lawyers and accountants who are master chefs at cooking the numbers .
spending what remains of the cbr(it 's only there because of the progressive tax of aces ) is sheer folly indulged in by cowards .
" by state law , the city can force developers to include affordable housing in developments only if it comes in conjunction with an upzone . "
rcw 36.70a.540(1)(a ): ... 
 an affordable housing incentive program may include , but is not limited to , one or more of the following : 
 ( i ) density bonuses within the urban growth area ; 
 ( ii ) height and bulk bonuses ; 
 ( iii ) fee waivers or exemptions ; 
 ( iv ) parking reductions ; or 
 ( v ) expedited permitting .
where does it say " only ... an upzone " ?
in fact , it 's very difficult to read ( 1)(c ) without concluding the city can not " force " the developer to participate : " if a developer chooses not to participate in an optional affordable housing incentive program adopted and authorized under this section , a city , county , or town may not condition , deny , or delay the issuance of a permit or development approval that is consistent with zoning and development standards on the subject property absent incentive provisions of this program . "
can someone explain ?
@repdougcollins @realdonaldtrump illegal crossings has turned el paso into a shithole war zone !
keep letting them in and releasing these thugs here and the 50 states will turn into third world countries where killings and poverty take over start raiding them !
@realdonaldtrump
white americans should learn yoga history acknowledge the cultural appropriation they engage in and possibly reduce the cost of yoga classes for poor people a group that often includes people of color and recent immigrants such as indian women to whom this practice rightfully belongs gandhi argued
keep your eyes open at all times for fallen powerlines .
hence the difference in wages between men and woman .
most woman do n't want the high paying stress related jobs men take .
thus there is n't a gender pay gap as the feminists a keep trotting out .
no apologies ice chief says illegal immigrants should live in fear of deportation hotpagenews com r < number >
two inside out vaginas is n't that a dick it 's not like i have a uterus and ovaries hanging off my tip
every1 else considers me kind of a tomboy so i guess that 's good ?
idk i feel guilty for painting my nails using pastel colors and make up ha
whenever somebody tries to accuse you of bullying and putting down women , just remember that stuff like this makes the front page of reddit on a daily basis .
nta , very much in agreeance with people here , she does not deserve even a pretend forgiveness .
​ play bitch games , get bitch prizes
save this for the next time a goatfucker uses a truck
i ca n't wait to be strapped , try me bitch i fuckin dare you i 'm so sick of filthy ass men
only this goose is an american eagle .
you 're wrong .
the collusion and obstruction never took place and the story is dying , along with cnn 's credibility .
they most likely deferred in a prior year and are not doing so for the current year .
i doubt they will carry insurance on it anyway , most of those groups self - insure and then beg for assistance when it burns down .
" i believe in equality except when i 'm drunk and mad at women . " &
lt;-- why i do n't trust male feminists
i have two hon .
this makes 3
men are fucking stupid though 🙃
welcome to " multicultural canada " ! !
how sad that we have a president who tops that category of sick men .
the man still has yet to figure out he 's supposed to be running the country , which is not a part of his business endeavors > > coffcoff < <     do n't expect much from a guy who ca n't read well .
< user > before that you should answer that why you were quite when kashmiri hindus were asked to leave valley they were killed raped and tortured
everything ages islam is just late the way i see it they are just at that age remember how the church was < number > years ago the plague that fluorished because people thought the devil was using black cats to bewitch people into sickness
😂 altright is a joke and they dare to make fun of conservatives ha good luck killing eachother trying to be the top nazi ya bunch a retards 😂
so what ?
what matters is how credible any given article may be .
you wrote : < < and my main point was that if one believes that it was bad , then it is not racist to say it out loud .
> > 

 huh ?
where did this straw man come from ?
< < those who believe as much but do not say it because they do n't want to appear anti - black are the true racists .
> > 

 uh , no .
the true racists are people who think x-"race " or ethnicity is by heredity an inferior human and/or tolerates policies and conventions that reinforce racist ideology .
of course there 's no such thing as " race " ; still racism is real .
i 'm guessing incel .
i know if my child was going to grow up to be an incel i 'd abort them right away .
as long as people are judging this young man in the court of public opinion , i feel i might chime in on how ignorant two of these post 's personal views , on a complicated social issue threatening our society , really are .
first of all there is a presumption of innocence in a court of law before any evidence is presented to the jury .
i assume it 's to limit the amount of innocent people punished for crimes they did n't commit .
to state your opinion of guilt after seeing a few sentences in an article , shows how ignorant you are of the rule of law .
what if the police had questioned the wrong drunken idiot ?
and secondly , if the poster who thinks that tougher laws and harsher penalties is going to stop people from taking mind and mood altering substances , then you are deluded .
you should go back to sleep and keep dreaming of your squeaky clean sandbox world where everyone conforms to your idea of society .
people have been taking drugs for two thousand years and will continue to regardless .
the weaker sex -- boys are being outclassed by girls at both school and university , and the gap is widening
arm them ?
really bad idea .
a vpso is n't ,   " basically a civilian response force " as you describe it .
according to the alaska public safety website ,   " a vpso recruit attends a fifteen ( 15 ) week alaska law enforcement academy ( alet ) , an additional 2 week rural fire protection specialist class , a 1 week emergency trauma technician class , and continuing annual training in law enforcement , search and rescue , emergency medical services , and fire protection . "
mr. hall does not know where to draw the line .
i suspect mr. hall was driving recklessly .
assisting the police is commendable but that does n't give citizens carte blanche in anchorage and the valley .
meeting with any civil group is encouraged and providing a contact for a detective seems reasonable .
a citizen recognition program is already in place with public award ceremonies .
sb 91 is scheduled to be implemented in stages and little is in effect today .
sb 91 is n't responsible for increases in crime in alaska .
how can america ever compete with saudi arabia oil when our governments and oil producers are in litigation or having constant disputes over most everything having to do with oil & gas production , this system increases alaska 's cost per barrel of oil yet the king of saudi has no disputes and as a result their cost are lower !
so it should be clear to legislators that saudi arabia can flood the oil market with a glut at will and this lowers the price of oil to so alaskan producers ca n't make a profit and must slow or stop alaska 's oil production !
i feel the state needs the smartest and wisest people in the legislature who could have seen sb 21 was complicated and not as good as the 777 plan i presented in writing in 2013 that would have saved the state from deceit and misnomers .
stop the hast and the panic , the state planned for attacks like this one from saudi arabia 's oil glut aimed to steal alaska 's market share , the plan was to use the pf & cbr as rainy day fund , to adjust and act
i 'm 6'4 " .
i have never met a cis woman who was taller than i am , and only one trans woman .
the closest i 've come is meeting a black woman who was * as * tall as i am , but she was wearing platform heels .
if i 'm thinking of the right culture , girls with lighter skin fetch a better match so time in the sun is a cultural no no .
@realdonaldtrump he 'll be about as much use as you are .
a couple of morally bankrupt , sexually incontinent , privileged , racist idiots , with dolly parton 's minge hair on yer heads .
" most ugly men are ugly on the inside too "
@jonfavs send her back then .
that will end it .
the woman is despicable .
his wife is dying of embarrasment trudeau is a liberal virtue signalling sjw idiot and a lactating mangina he also a retarded asshole
motherfucking come make me , bitch
hell yea i will make her suck our cocks at the same time i would watch you fuck that pussy shit i would play with her clit while your fucking
that 's cute .
i use cunt as a gender neutral insult .
you can be a man or a woman or whatever , i do nt give a fuck , but i will call you a cunt , just like i will call you a dick , it makes no fucking difference
political correctness at its finest .
ca n't call fat people fat , ca n't call lazy people lazy , ca n't call a short person short , ca n't call a radical muslim terrorist a radical muslim terrorist , ca n't call a liar to the fbi a liar to the fbi , ca n't call a womanizing sexual assaulting ex president a womanizing sexual assaulting ex president , ca n't call a pant suit wearing woman bashing hypocrite a pant suit wearing woman bashing hypocrite , ca n't call a woman a woman or a man a man and the list goes on and on an on .
however , if you are a liberal you can call people anything , say whatever you want , lie whenever you want because you feel you are right and therefore are .
heaven forbid we offend a 400 pound russian computer hacker .
if liberals are left in charge too much longer you can bet there will be a tax on your fat _ _ _ .
i 've always wanted to # write a sandbox world inspired by soylent green .
it 'd take a * lot * of work to adapt it and build a worthwhile setting
if a man had to gain 40lbs in his ankles / boobs , leak from said boobs , barf x4 months , perform cirque du soleil level moves to wipe his ass , then explode a baby out of his dick , abortions would be legal af in all states well after 6 wks into pregnancy .
change .
my .
fucking .
mind .
it 's actually labour , and the young will have greater numbers next time as we older geezers continue to " pop our clogs " as they say .
how do you know some are innocent ?
@aussieloot @catfnbr @ronnienau @top_faxfox @jarkos @x2twinstwitch @snowfnbr fuck u faggot
i 'm good , happy to be an american citizen .
love how you tell people to go back to their countries though , i thought you guys loved diversity .
what a beta male ... who tackles the short angry man for words . .
next week is my birthday 
 i need to buy a gun
[ 1 ] on this edition of on watch , judicial watch director of investigations and research chris farrell takes you halfway around the world and back , beginning in el paso where an islamic terrorist cell has been operating on the southern border for years ,
why did hope hicks quit ?
trump tried to grab her guns .
< user > < user > this ladies and gentlemen is white privilege we all know what would have happened had it been black man in a white woman house
i 'm sure this tweet will be used in court one day .
@grasspunch when you yell rape the lights turn off # notsexist
some dear friends refugee from raqqa just sent phileena home with some syrian strong cheese and my love for cheese is forever changed
@dollycent lmao of course !
i used to be a boobs guy but i grew up .
< user > this adult shit ghetto
with no judgment or disrespect intended , could it be that these individuals have always had questions about their identity or place in society , and still do ?
i 'd bet they will come out just fine in the end , but it may take them a little more time to work through their many issues .
what did one cat say to the other cat ?
meow , you stupid mother fucker .
what the fuck else did you think he 'd say ?
as i understand it , the justice department action is directed towards discrimination against students of asian descent by harvard university .
" [ doj spokeswoman sarah isgur ] flores said the department was looking for lawyers to investigate a 2015 complaint filed with the department of education over harvard university 's race - based quota system .
the complaint alleges the ivy - league school requires asian students to have sat scores 140 points higher than white students , 270 points higher than hispanics and 450 points higher than black students .
dumbass , feminist is one of the sign an empire will fall .
among other dumbshit .
fking retard .
@cerothstein i 'm a woman and i hold doors for people , i help them with their luggage on an airplane if needed and i let moms with littles go ahead of me in the grocery store .
we need more civility from all people to all people regardless of race or gender .
ca n't you just be a good person ? !
my suitcase literally didnt come im so fucking pissed rn
lovely , we escaped twitter to be rid of lib 's & they escaped twitter to follow us here !
in # sports , i win because your better .
you win because your better .
that 's it i do n't accept excuses . ―
kenneth de guzman & # 127942 ;
you 're obviously a clingy retard .
make her want you jackass
i hope they never breed
and yet you were incapable of refuting anything they posted or address the subject like an adult .
self loathing beta males become feminist to get their only chance at a hand job from a fat dyke who hates herself enough to give one to a gender she self proclaims she hates ugly fat ugly
you know how retarded it is to get a “ i ’ m coming to you as a woman ” dm at the age of < number > 😭 😭 😭
yes tells a lot its important to note his chief of staff is iranian vallery jarret she is one of the true red diaper babies a progeny like obama and cultural marxists identify with islam because there is little difference between both ideologies
oh noes someone called me a nigger online i am dead now
jonghyun is supported and writing a song about being gay
perhaps , but canada 's quality standards for dairy are higher than those in the u.s.
look , we get it .
your penises are so small they 're basically useless .
but you can do other things .
cunnilingus .
adult toys that do nt murder everyone .
drop the gun and read a book cletus .
i identify as genderqueer , but am male - assigned and often get misgendered+microaggressed .
i was just walking around the dining hall with friends in my cute summer dress .
server 1 : : i 've got ta ask , what is this all about ?
me : : oh , we 're here for our annual dinner !
server 2 : : but i mean , are supposed to dress like your favorite cartoon character , or what ?
i member when clinton said … you could put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables the racist sexist homophobic xenophobic islamaphobic you name it and now trump supporters are all white supremacist nazis and trump is hitler reincarnated fud
aside from misery , are there any serious depictions of female on male abuse in movies / tv ?
well technically discrimination is illegal .
it 's racism and sexism that 's the problem .
but discrimination still occurs like that gay wedding cake thing
' never blame the victim , unless it 's a man '
with the threat of lawsuits , the islamic cultural centre is demanding full control , rather than simply finding an appropriate resting place .
push too hard , and there will be   backlash .
" while the cemetery in saint - apollinaire was to be run by the islamic cultural centre , muslims in the quebec city area recently gained the option of burying their loved ones in a non - denominational burial ground in the area .
this month , a funeral home inaugurated a muslim section with 500 plots within its cemetery in saint - augustin - de - desmaures , west of quebec city . "
romance , love , sex , are just some things that are n't meant for us ... 
 ca n't be winners without losers , right ?
hey yankees can you please stop to associate flamenco with arabs to associate rumba with black music to associate pre colombians with latinos to pretend that africa is in orient to pretend that you are pioneers when you are colons thanks
yours appears to be the most bigoted comment here .
< user > < user > what war on women your talking points are tired and old give it up
news : man to stand trial over alleged arson attack https://t.co/hsfwqmtelx # essex https://t.co/jbefqovzpd
cleary has been there two days .
two fucking days .
but yeah it him kicking players out & # 128580 ; give me a fucking spell .
is that a sloped forehead i see ?
stupid asian bitch you 're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
wtf ?
these hoes really be talking bout another hoe and still be in that hoe face
the refusees are nignogs not arabs usually
do not come to my fucking house you fucking cuck damn
lgbt people are six times more likely to attempt suicide than normal people .
i am fucking done with this bitch
< user > normani and bts they hate you
wanna spit roast her caterpillar brows instead .
5 foot nothing is a nice dick level kinda height bit and she got a 6.5 " cock too .
it okay to be white it okay to be black it okay to be asian it okay to be a woman it okay to be a man it okay to be gay it okay to be straight it okay to be you but its never okay to hate blur
this is fucking doooooope rock on , my lgbt+ peeps .
<3
nothin' says lovin' like homebrew and an ax head .
this year , our ambassadors have spoken to 12,000 young people to talk about what it 's like to be # lgbt+ , and to prevent homophobic , biphobic and transphobic bullying .
they are amazing .
👏 if you 're 18 - 25 you can sign up to be in next year 's cohort : url url
let us give a surname as * * bharat maata * * to all our women .
that will send shivers to wannabe perpetrators .
i escaped inceldom 
 today i went for a drive and a young woman made eye contact with me for longer than 2 seconds while i was passing her slowly , now i m chad 






 just a prank bro , i still hold the title of biggest incel eu
funny how the staradvertiser descibed above how the entire hawaii republican party was there to greet trump .
< user > children future the rate they will join the young nazi movement stop being an idiot and read about the eu nazi origins
why do feminists hate men who do n't support their children that they do n't want , while giving women every opportunity to not support their children that they do n't want through safe haven and adoption laws ?
9/11 recieves one day of remembrance each year gay pride receives a whole month because of how big that tragedy is .
rd wants people to ignore the fact white males have committed more acts of terrorism in the united states than muslims .
he then sneers at cardinal cupich , because sneering is what the " humble and honest " rd does best .
prolly heard i was a hoe from a hoe
as american courts determine raping a retarded < number > year old girl is not a crime they continue to argue that anyone with any form of mental disease should not have a gun meanwhile zionist hollywood is busy forming freedom rallys which are intended to tear down the constitution
' if you say anything wrong you are islamophobic , homophobic ' .... you forgot anti - semitic - we are clearly not allowed to criticise -zionist crimes which are legion .
i was born in 95 & amp ; you were born in 99 do nt act like i was born in the dinosaur era and you so young that your umbilical cord still attached
these insecure men are the type that are terrified of soy and refuse to fap .
no shit but if you do not think blacks and mexicans and white supremacists do not get into fights you are naive and have no clue
" @cxncupiscent | " " i never expressed a problem luhan , " " she placed her hands on his shoulders and gently pushed him him away . "
it 's not about education , it 's about the union , the teachers union .
but , you probably already know that , and have a member in your family , if not yourself .
because cubs in a den are an immediate threat to livestock owners .
geesh ....
judging by her twitter , she seems mentally ill .
even more proof that most men are unattractive to the average women
when i was a kid i wanted to be a girl so bad .
i have an older sister and i always thought that her dresses and stuff were so pretty .
fast forward 20 years and i 'm a straight guy .
i have no want to cross dress or be trans at all .
yes , i think it was a study from the early 1970s .
in reviewing the topic this evening , there are indeed instances of a 30 % non - paternity rate in certain populations / situations , though there 's some question as to what the real range is .
as for why , i dealt with someone years ago who was a victim of paternity fraud so did a bit of research at the time into both the scientific and legal aspects of it .
as much as that particular victim is a despicable sociopath , that 's not a situation i 'd wish on anyone .
can of worms is a gross understatement .
other kids , biological father suing for rights etc .
anything on how the liberals ' american friends influenced the last federal election ?
does the g&m think it important ?
@darlingvhenan @goatpups the worst part is that most of these people claim to be victims themselves too , which makes their behaviour that much more disgusting .
the complete lack of regard for anyone other than themselves that they have when spreading their hate is pathetic :/
soccer # livescore : ( vie - vl1 ) # songlamnghean vs # hochiminhcity : 1 - 1 .
goal for ho chi minh city ...
when the new batch of niggas come out
that 's the thing , most guys do just wanna get laid but not rape anyone .
rap creation was funded by high level freemasons to destroy the black culture .
in the past black families were close and religious .
that needed destroyed .
black men were radicalized to get them jailed and removed from the home .
the women and children were then enslaved by the welfare state .
tinyurl.com/hiphoporigin
hahahaha !
these traitor slime , antifa females need to get out .
they are slime .
all of these females should be put in prison and left until they rot .
the civil war is coming .
the only fun i will have with you is # humiliation when i force your pathetic head on a # bbc whilst your struggle to pull back forced to swallow a alpha mans loads your cum dump that 's all . #
sissy # domme # efdp # paypig # cuck # goddess # slave # finsub # finslave # cashslave # denial
thank god stoltze is geting out .
he is really just a vicious animal , ask some leg aides and other legors ,   if they will tell you the truth . (
good luck to that ) .
he helped create this mess , bullied and slandered his way around and has fostered it for years . (
the demi who worked for cotten turned rino or something like the little boy who pulls wings off of flies ) .
but absolutely no lying hughes ( doltz - huggins - gattis - dunleavey clone ) .
forget crum , ( crum hahaha thanx ) and no , no to st. clare the magnificent .
vote demi if you have to ... they are not much better , look at gara ,   wielowkowski , herrin and that clown from nome , olsen , but the rest of them in the " valley pack - rats " running are just more of the same manure .
i would beat the fuck out this bitch wtf youn do no shit like that in front of a child url
california takes care of the illegal immigrants but there is no money for its own people
an example of a faggot whose dick has been turned into a clit over which the # alpha has complete control .
url
what 's the point of being a gay trans man ?
why did n't you just stay a straight girl ?
how do you turn vegetables into fruit ?
teach the special education kids about lgbt propaganda .
i escaped inceldom 
 today i went for a drive and a young woman made eye contact with me for longer than 2 seconds while i was passing her slowly , now i m chad 






 just a prank bro , i still hold the title of biggest incel eu
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
the man has mental problems or ingested some type of drug .
what sane person gon na do what he did ?
reads like it 's a domestic type of problem
< user > you have got white supremacists you have got fear mongers you have got unfeeling bigots you have wealthy elitists who hate the poor and immigrants what else is wrong with you
are you from india or pakistan ?
< user > camel fucking arabs
everyone that uses the term ' hate crime ' deserves to be kicked swiftly in the nuts from the white house on down .
stop dividing people .
why do all these faggots have the most insufferable ?
it true i am fairly retarded at bird identification i have no egrets about it pic giant bird eats man after he sprays paint on it
i m , i hate black people and minorities
you could be right , but what are you going to wish for in the meantime ?
transwomen retain male privilege on grounds of not having been socialized as women .
they were raised as agressors and that behavior continues after transition .
transmen are generally not really included by the traa because they are considered women and not men .
fucking up all night studying gon na pass all my test !
< user > wow islam side by side w jews only < number > case in the entire world so what happened to all the jews in kolkata
in # sports , i win because your better .
you win because your better .
that 's it i do n't accept excuses . ―
kenneth de guzman & # 127942 ;
trump is basically a con man .
it never struck me that he was all that good at it , but it 's turning out he really ca n't be topped .
i only got better when i realized nothing is worth my time except the people that love me and my own happiness .
this is n't about health .
it 's about controlling the once - free americans that live in or visit denver .
this is an issue of personal freedom .
i do n't understand how people can be so angry all the time .
it hurts my heart tbh .
i just wish everyone would let go , and move forward .
youtube - euclid square mall , 2007 ( dead mall ) can anyone report in from euclid , ohio ?
such a pussy faggot nigger lover
< user > another white guy criticizing an african american for thinking for himself
to shut down their running game and not give a game ball to one of the d linemen ?
to me , peko deserved it the most , but you could have picked wolf or gotsis too .
but this is from kiszla , so i am not surprised .
it 's not so much the working man or woman in the street who buys a condo or two to invest in ; it 's the wealthy corporate real estate companies who are buying a bunch of them because the rate of return beats any other investment .
speculation is always a problem when prices get stupid high .
her 16 assailants should have their bodies burned to 100 % and allowed live life as limbless bodies in the streets of bengladesh .
death is too good for those wastes of sperm and eggs .
look at california people are dying and the democratics do n't do shit all they talked about is trump racist .
fix your problem and help your people in california and stop this race card excuses
do jews hate muslims or do they use them is it different with your cult
another user insisting on injecting themselves into daily melania after a polite request to stop it , so feel free to mute @kenslem if you prefer to view the thread unpolluted .

they all look amazing
levar burton called shatner a bitch lol .
my neighbor is at my house !
zoom zoom i fucking ran into the bathroom so i wouldnt have to talk to her
the trans movement is driven by man - hating feminists who want to save boys by convincing them that they 're really girls .
we 're so horrified by female genital mutilation in foreign lands but in the west we 're enacting constitutional protections for castrating boys on a political whim .
i feel like i 'm a black man trapped in a white mans body so where 's my government funded racial reassignment surgery ?
i bet u she 's tighter than a virgin
it 's dumb shit like this that makes me miss the days of 360 xbl when no one got banned and everyone was a faggot that also fucked everyones mom while fingerbanging your uncle greg .
🧬 🧬 🧬 * im smarter than sssniperwolf.i know everything about race and color science .
sssniperwolf wants swedes to freeze and blacks to burn .
my videos are the only truth about race white and black .
im white and i know everything about black people * hi sniperwolf i live in glendale too
once we eliminate , wipe out white people , there would n't be any more this racist bullshit . #
antifa
you got ta be a bitch boyy if the only way you can fuck a female is when fuckkd up 🥶 ...
> but in the next generations , this will no longer be the case - young children are now being taught that they can choose if they want to be a boy or a girl or a non - binary theybie or whatever they want to be .
they are being taught that anyone can be a man or a woman .
it is now a self - declared label .
and it is becoming utterly meaningless .
women are impregnating men , and men are giving birth .
female children will no longer be taught that they will grow up to be women .
i ca n't wait !
it sounds amazing !
a bunch of beta males being lead around by thier " dear leader " who is using this to manipulate these morons into thinking this is some grave disrespect to the country and vets ... all i can say is good ... the lines to the restroom will be shorter
i fucking hate you i hope i m clean from this mess as soon as possible or else i m gon na drag you down with me
train guy as in the driver this is what happens when your base is mentally retarded and has mental issues
both progressives and conservatives sup at the cafeteria .
the main difference is that the progressives are willing to admit it , the conservatives generally are not .
< user > if you voted labour you would ’ ve voted for the uks kids to be raped and county lined by islam tho
monsters under your bed again , " lars ? "
call your mommy .
have her leave the light on .
a friend from twitter is trying to escape his emotionally abusive wife
there is no rational justification .
for decades , israel has been attempting to maintain the anatomically impossible feat of exhaling and inhaling at the same time .
it accepts the un resolution that created the state of israel but ignores all subsequent un resolutions regarding the conduct of its relations with its neighbours .
the irrational justification is that the un made a mistake and that the lands where the settlements are being built should have been included in the newly created state of israel because they also   were granted to the israelites by the god of abraham and moses .
they are terrorists , and should be arrested
that wonderful programming of the national edumification association at work .
the new society does not need people who can think ; they need worker droids .
i hate bitchy gays of any color .
trump 's daughter and son - in - law are jewish but you 're associating him with , or saying he 's condoning people who chant , " jews will not replace us " ? !
more baseless spew from the left .
the inter racial couple and woman 's kid were murdered by locals who are friends with the pol;ice i 'll bet .
it 's a cover up
what is my favorite thing about transexuals ?
their suiscide rate
sorry i like talking to you .
did nt know that was a fucking crime
i decided to look it up on the statscan website .
it is 3.4 boys / men committing suicide for every female suicide and surprisingly ( to me at least because like you i had thought it would be youth at highest risk ) 40 - 59 is the highest risk for both sexes .
the article i read was an overview and did not specifically break out teen suicide rates by sex although from the article it is clear they have that data .
they also say " three times " the rate even though their own data shows it is significantly higher at 3.4 .
i do n't understand why they are underreporting the greater male rates .
there was no need to round down from 3.4 to 3 .
[ the data says hate crimes are going up.](url
lesson here : do n't bait white supremacists .
and roll eyes the moment some wasp mentions " political correctness " as they 're sure to say something really dumb like " what 's wrong with blackface ?
i would n't be offended if some black guy went around in whiteface . "
dear white people , why are you so threatened by a light comedy called dear white people ?
do you feel guilty about something ?
do you see colour first when you interact with people of colour ?
do you stereotype ?
why was leslie jones the most picked upon of the three women in the ghostbusters remake ?
why did so many infantile men have a problem with women starring as well as revealing such hatred toward a black woman ?
some ask what i 'd say about a show called dear black people .
i dunno .
tell me about it .
what would it be about ?
would it be about a man explaining why he joined the kkk ?
would it explain why obama 's skin colour upset so many members of the tea party ?
i 'm asking , because i do n't think the haters have thought it through
god is going to rip your dick off .
californian slime .
that # bookofhenry trailer is all over the fucking place .
like , what the hell ?
@vote4robgill is making a lot of noise against @fordnation but yet pushes the same style of bigoted hate speeches . #
onpoli # niagara # ontario # extreamist # dangerousminds # hatespreadingmachine
i hate anime [ continues watching it and buying merch anyways ] fuck anime
it is spelled pedophile and you are wrong about how sponsors classifies eligibility .
they use the legal term , you are using the clinical term .
right now sponsors has more than a few pedophile sex offenders housed .
this is an issue to be discussed at the next meeting , i will be there .
@pattyd1001 @sputtter if that 's his pretty young wife in the pic i saw , he 's obviously doing a bunch of illegal crime !
ugly old dudes who supposedly only make like $ 200k± on govt pay do n't get pretty - young women like her w / their " good looks / heart " !
we know he 's old & ugly so - gotta be 💲 💲 & power ! #
maga url
pop that pussy for a real nigga
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > juju is a threat to your white supremacy you enjoy privilege of treated as a superior race over black race that why you always want to suppress and discredit juju always when he speaks for us blacks
i do n't know why broads drunk dial me .... i'm sleep , hoe ! !
i wonder how little pussy you get to be a member of so many incel subs lol
blue jeans white t shirt
i was thinking maybe we can meet and suck each other 🍆 🍑 👌 ♋ ♒ # tgirl # cock # clit url
i would let you be my cum slut !
are you fucking retarded lmao gtfoh .
stupid bitch
two week gaf ban for shouting down people equating rachel dolezal with people who 're transgender .
worth it .
he did but pretty mealy mouthed .
stupid fucking whore
maybe so but asians are better at displacing and acquiring land like in canada and australia where they are being basically softly taken over by china
what a crap piece of journalism !
so white ( particularly male ) people have now to be apologetic of their " privileged " position in life ?
with this type of reporting one should not be surprised that the " white man " feels threatened and that populist movements in europe and usa will be further 
 on the rise .
first of all there are numerous non - white role models in our society , like nelson mandela , martin luther king , president obama , or malala yousafzai .
the fact that 12 year old children do n't list these people has more to do with what they watch and read today .
do n't forget " bollywood " which is a bigger film industry then hollywood and generates ( non - white ) role models for billions of people .
canada has provided non - white people opportunities which they would not always have had in their home countries .
canada is a great country because we welcome these people and allow them to pursue their dreams .
however , we should not start creating divide between white and non - white people .
even more things nobody told me how free were blacks in the northern us in colonial times northern freemen like slaves were required to carry passes when traveling in some places and they were forbidden to own property in others
mtf transwomen should nt have to compete against men in the olympics when they can compete in the special olympics instead
( x - post ) /r / daddit feeling pretty unappreciated in this post
hey man , maybe you should like do the world a favor and cut your balls off so you do n't reproduce mayo - boy
ashit goosebjumps and feelings fucking hiomestuck why do you do th ist o me
oy vey we have to help the minorities because they can not achieve anything especially if you know that native americans made peanut butter before jews brought blacks to the us einstein stole relativity from an italian
gosh y all the trauma 😭 😭 i hate u white bitches yeah spring view middle school i m talking to you
stupid asian bitch you 're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
bs , , there is no need to change it , there are only 2 things , men and woman , anything else is a belief !
it is alt left nutters that make up things that are not real , like more genders , there are only 2
< user > trudeau muslims ko jyada chhoot de raha tha alot of refugees from muslim country
sometimes i wish white people were not so civilized and we could just massacre these invaders like they would and will most certainly do to us
how do i cope knowing 
 that girls only like nice guys when they are sad and lonely , the moment their self confidence picks up they will look for better .
“ we followed the right procedures , ” hobart told the associated press in a phone interview . “
that plane had to depart .
we wanted to get our customers to their destinations . ”
------------ 
 obviously the man they assaulted wanted to get to his destination as well .
p.s. we sometimes defend the offender more than our defenders .
anyone who enters a country illegally should be found and deported .
full stop .
@editor_pmrt meanwhile 100 k illegals coming here a month ha ha ha san fran human feces all over the streets , addicts shooting up in the streets , needles everywhere a cop just caught typhus now police demanding la be cleaned up your dem utopia
hi hajaa1 .
mahalo for the reply .
that 's the problem with allaha 's comment .
it implies racism .
and you confirm it .
stats can be used for a lot of things , and the worst is stereotyping or overgeneralizing .
i 'm sure none of us wants to be judged based on characteristics that we may share with a violent few .
i 'm also sure i do n't need to explain it to you , but for the sake of those who might not get it , i brought up the fact that men are 10 times more likely to kill than women to ridicule allaha 's implied conclusion that we ought to fear all black men .
using his logic , we should stay away from all men , regardless of color .
i guess that would include ourselves if we 're male .
the aunt happy she was happy transitioning is a good aunt .
as a parent / aunt / friend you should only care if they are happy so long as they are nt out hurting others .
speaking of does anyone know which goy group the jews intermarry with in the greatest numbers i was under the impression it was either asians or catholics
i ca nt afford beats ™ by dre i can only get beats by dad .
i make awesome double peanut butter cookies with peanut butter chips i have never heard of pistachio cream cheese i will have to look that up as far as women offering compliments i was bullied relentlessly by some ruthless bitches growing up
yet not one mention about the safety flaws of the bike itself ?
perhaps the rise in medical costs mean it is time to regulate ( and tax ) bicycles the same way we do other transportation .
for example , it might be wise to require that all urban bicycles should have three wheels for stability , a visibility flag , and that they put the rider in a much safer reclining position .
i think it 's men who 've become sensitive .
i was raised to punch a guy in the mouth for disrespecting me .
these women exercised restraint .
i think they should be applauded .
men do n't realize how easy they have it these days .
it is the men who 've become feminized . :)
warbirds , i 'm pretty sure everybody knows that this was a settlement - the kind of thing that the supreme court encourages ( do you want a ' page number ' for that ? )
when the issue of liability is already resolved , and the highest court in the country says you offended the most basic standards of detained youth suspects which contributed to his being held in guantanamo ( a prison set up specifically to avoid american law ) for over 10 years , you know you have to pay .
the government ( i 'm convinced ) took the best legal advice of its lawyers on the issue .
something that s. harper constantly refused to do , by the way .
who else here were taught that women are romantic creatures who seek a spiritual connection , and how did the truth not reach us by age 10 ?
@jahebe @maracuriel1 @unlov3abl3 that bitch retarded lmaooooo
two bros chillin in a hot tub five feet apart cus they are not gay
if a nigga tell you he do n't eat pussy , take him to get some acrylics since he wanna be a bitch so bad
why do you gym muscle faggots not spend more time rushing homophobes
q : what do you call it when 4 black guys fuck a black girl ?
a : a foursome 


 q : what do you call it when 4 white guys fuck a black girl ?
a : law and order
@zugislander @chapotraphouse this is why women wo n't have srx with you .
because you 're disgusting pigs who ca n't contain your contempt for women .
fuck all of you incel motherfuckers .
so if i did n't want to sell cakes to black people , that 's called the free market ?
really ? ? ? ?
they can get their cakes down the street at a bakery that will sell to black people .
religious beliefs ?
please show me the passage in holy scripture that says baking a cake is wrong .
where is it written in the holy bible that this man will suffer eternal damnation for baking a cake ?
we owe it to them to give them a real holocaust this time it the just and noble thing to do
got my mail all women home in the afternoon met one at mailbox she get people magazine delivered i pointed to her mag and asked how old were you when you began to hate the truth she made a dirty asian face at me
the offer still stands trigger i carry a large assortment of nooses and blades for your suicide needs < user > triggered faggot maga presidenttrump
the owner of the canada free   press is not anti - catholic , she is a devout catholic and excellent author with credible contributors .
if you read the whole article you will find that the author is ron a. y. rich .
mr. rich is a self - described liberal with common sense and an open mind .
well now murray can simply go for the bisexual vote too .
after all , he likes men and boys .
< user > the guy should be sacked basically calling brexit voters nazi
so the " rateme " subreddit just ignore ugly males , but when they see a 19f they go crazy with the praise
outstanding article mr. jenkins . ! ! !
i hope that your job is secure at the adn for writing something contrary to the fake news story that russia caused clinton to lose the election .
democrats were quiet when obama sent people to interfere with the israeli election and democrats were quiet when obama was cursed out by duarte for interfering in the elections and actions in the philippines .
clinton lost because she was a crummy candidate who took the blue wall states of wisconsin , michigan and pennsylvania for granted while stealing the election in minnesota , maine and virginia .
the democrat will never heal unless they come to grips that in 8 years obama , pelosi and clinton lost the house , the senate and state governorships .
all conservatives , evangelicals , republicans and bernie sanders supporters know that seth rich leaked the information to wikileaks aided by our nsa and army security .. the dnc found out and about the leak and this is why seth rich was murdered in washington .
" i raised a possibility based on historical patterns . "
bs , you raised this " issue " because of your ongoing bigotry and homophobia .
an attack on a charitable act by gay men is undeserving , but you turn it into " grooming " .
absolute rubbish .
what a pakis favorite clothing brand jihadidas
< user > i thought women do not fart
rt @tegustaaa : if you suppose to be a man , don&#8217;t be a bitch .
we get it .
you do n't think a black man should be able to be president .
fuck the fat jewish
< user > < user > no fr like how tf do i block ppl on twitter cause this nigger always commenting on my shit and is aggravating
omg this is how to deal with the faggots and immigrants from lesbia so fucking funny crowder is a genius
i would like to volunteer a rafting service for reintegrating immigrants and their kids they can travel together free of charge across the rio grande or tijuana rivers to mexico
if want to see the level of shame , regret and hate within the gay mob , just try criticizing their behavior in any degree .
these people are slaves to their worst impulses and you wo n't be spared .
what 's an ammo clip ?
anytime something is threatened to be banned , it is immediately desirable .
you lefty dweebs share responsibility for their sudden popularity .
wow is that someone drinking water wow my queer ass homoerotic anime man drank water is this a jojo reference is this a stand i can not fucking stand you retard
i 'm still wrestling with wanting to get gta v , and it 's something i have to remind myself .
they should bring back the new scooby - doo movies i would love to see scooby - doo meets the tsarnaev brothers .
let 's stop using that word in stupid , ignorant and derogatory ways .
it 's use implied subhuman status .
< user > < user > < user > no wonder why muslim countries are not so well developed all they got to do is cry get yourself known whatever you are eating earning drinking leisure is triple the way we are enjoying so ya we do not give f about you
youtube - euclid square mall , 2007 ( dead mall ) can anyone report in from euclid , ohio ?
naz shah mp is a vile labour pakistani who also ticked a comment telling white children raped by paki filth to keep their mouths shut for diversity diversity has < number > yr left
it cause they thought you mean lynch as in lynching a bunch of niggers
how can a country that sits on some of the best coal in the region experience coal shortage ?
< user > it ’ kill to go to the white house and eat some of that white power homophobic fast food chicken he serves
just a reminder that your social and love life is the most accurate reflex of your looks , money and status
pussy fag
these thugs have been free to walk the streets of anchorage for 3 years after killing a young girl ?
our court system has let them walk for 3 years already ?
these men do n't deserve to be breathing .
this , and they , are jut disgusting and a quick and efficient judicial process , tougher laws , and a quick and cheap death penalty are the way to go ! ! ! ! ! !
all white people are pedophile enablers becuase white men lead the world in pedophiliia .
from the church to the classroom .
exactly , and that was real , hard evidence .
not " sources close to the administration say . "
you will notice the media continually dials back their claims against russia , which is funny .
it started with " russia hacked the election ! ! ! "
to " russia meddled in election ! ! ! "
to " russia may have colluded with trump " to " russia may have met with some peripheral members of the trump campaign . "
i read about this a while ago this is actually one of those retarded jews who is on a plane flying over some place that he is not allowed to breath the air fucking retard wrapped himself in a bag until past the airspace
where do people like you draw the line about life ?
when is it okay to kill a living proto - human ?
is a fertilized egg okay to remove or is that a " baby " in your lingo ?
if you answer " never " then your argument suggests women who menstruate are " killing innocent potential babies " and we should stop that immediately .
the eggs , after all , are alive .
while we are at it , a single ejaculation from a male has 100 's of million of live sperm - and those all soon die in every case but conception when one does n't .
oh , the humanity of killing millions of live cells !
we should stop this .
this is ridiculous , of course , and that is exactly my point .
the moment of birth is when a human is born ( thus our " birthday , " duh . )
up until that point the health and well - being of the mother is the most important aspect of a pregnancy .
the truly sad thing is how the policies that r 's like you push offer zero support to people once they are born .
they become parasites to you requiring " handouts . "
is fitz ever going to find out that his son who passed was really his father 's ?
shonda keeping that on the back burner ? #
scandalabc
jimmy you are a positive role model for jews , you should n't allow this pathetic woman to have any notoriety !
if you want improvement in society then fucking do something .
calling someone racist for something they did in ignorance is n't progress
lmfaoo sensitive pussys .
he sent the bitch home and y' all fags still crying .
< user > as long as the party is controlled by white trash southerners this is what you will get
and we all know bisexuals are just on the road to being gay .
fuck'n hot af young cum junkie slut nate grimes gettin ' fuck'n ready for a filthy fuck'n good fist fuck session and balls deep load of dirty af cory jays daddy fuck seed floodin ' his hungry young fuck'n cum junkie cunt ( part 1 ) 👍 url
notice how jews constantly use the knavery they pulled on mankind during ww2 calling all capitalists nazis as a cover up so that nobody can call them communists in return but that s what all jews are communist trash
.@manishlimbu532 no .
no reliable numbers .
but , a small town police department did a nine year study of their cases once ... 41 % false .
with sticking the atomic black pill it can no lounger reach the top with is a good decision since we should n't draw more normies in , sage decision it was a good battle gentleman
has no one learned anything from history ?
it fucking repeats itself .
maybe trump will care about his supporters when he done sucking kike cock too bad there no end in sight
maybe fish and wildlife should perch him in a tree and shoot him .
the man is a total idiot .
why are the republicans covering up espionage and treason ?
that means that anyone covering up espionage and treason should be charged as accessories .
how may republicans in congress and trumps administration would be charged ?
how many of their democrat cronies would be charged ?
is your question sincere or are you inferring that the lowly laity -- progressive minded catholics in particular -- cannot possibly be imbued with the holy spirit ?
rt @yuuyaa0 : guys be going out every weekend and say they want a girl that does n't go out & # 128514 ; fucking hypocrites
breastmilk has a lot more going for it than protein and fat and coenzymes breastmilk contains mother immunoglobulins until baby can acquire them naturally in the homo agenda women are not allowed to get credit for anything nice
wow , what 's up with tulsi ?
i do n't get all this .
every one of us who lives in a house pays property taxes , either directly , for ourselves , or indirectly , for the owner of the house .
those taxes have to make up , to some extent , for those tax breaks granted to the wealthier among us and their corporations ; in this case , mostly to persons with incomes over 200 thousand per year .
you have argued that we as a state ca n't continue to live beyond our means , while at the same time arguing for a tax break for the wealthy that the rest of us have to pay for .
that makes little sense .
these women disgust me .
ohh women of color .
arnt all trump supporters white supremacist .
this congresswoman omar married her brother is a conwomanan , aoc is a hippocrit .
disgust 👊
" rt @larendorr : me before playing @_nocode 's stories untold : " " meh text based adventures are so lame and boring " " .
me after : " " holy shit i was … "
from a moslem group in the usa who have links to terrorists cheeky rag heads
< user > all illegal immigrants or only muslim illegal immigrants
i seriously ca n't find me a faithful guy from my town , they a bunch of hoes and annoying mfs
way to make this about race .
no matter how many mp 's we send down to try and talk would be asylum seekers / economic migrants out of coming here , they are still going to come .
it would be nice if we could put to bed the often heard comment that we are a big country with lots of room .
the people coming in are not farmers , fishermen , mine workers , oil workers   or involved in the lumber industry .
by and large they are looking for work in the service industry and they head to our largest cities .
in this case montreal and toronto , and if they cross out west ,   calgary and vancouver .
we all know the situation with housing in out big cities , so right from the start they are in difficulty .
we should also be aware that border service ca n't keep up with the volume as it is , and at present there are slightly over 44 thousand asylum seekers that are slated to be deported , but ca n't be found .
the increase in numbers and assuredly there will be , means hearings and appeals and deportation will take years , and millions in costs
you have brains in your head .
your feet in your shoes .
you can steer yourself in any direction you choose .
~dr .
seuss
there we go ... it 's about " choice " right ?
so , how does the woman get intoxicated ?
i 'm assuming by " choice " .
and please , give in to a " demanding " partner ?
you know what ?
live alone !
and if you 're relying on contraceptives , good luck ( i had a sister - in - law who had 5 kids ... every one of them while on or using a bc ! )
you would think that if your main concern is carrying a child to term , which seems to be your only response to getting pregnant , perhaps you should remain celibate .
as far as i know , that 's the only way to remain not having to worry about pregnancy .
my point is , women make an entire string of choices before getting pregnant .
and killing another human being because you do n't want to go through the bother of dealing with your actions is outrageous .
it is scary that there are so many to whom an innocent human life is absolutely meaningless .
it 's not my job to stop men from having intercourse , do n't want to pay , do n't play !
i know there women who lie about getting raped but when there proof how tf can you justify that cause it your boy you all niggas are real life weirdos you all mothers should of never birthed you all forreal mal paridos
the only party referring to businesses / corportions here as " tax cheats"are the conservatives , hoping to whip up a little outrage .
pathetic .
happy v - day to all the not - sexist / working on its out there .
to the rest of you , your life is punishment enough
literally just chased my dog for 15 fucking minutes because my gram let him out & # 128545;&#128545 ;
< user > < user > < user > < user > you must be fool some handful of ullas does not represent kashmir it belongs to < number > lac kashmiri pandits aswell who were butchered and raped and forced to exile from their own lands go home kid you need a better tutor
it heavily documented that successful people with a higher average iq are resented by those that do not to the point that sinister conspiracy theories are concocted to try and diminish the influence of education and a proper upbringing sorta like how ghetto blacks resent those of us better off
< user > < user > personally idc about this will it does not matter at all however i think it three times uf dropped from < number > to < number > after beating the hillbilly
lmaooo rt @handsomeesco_55 she a tranny if she can open a jar of pickles by herself
jews pull the same shit on online forums close down all criticism of them and ban threaten people in sherdog i mentioned jews in a couple of posts and all of a sudden some mod is leaning on me the fucker has an illuminati avatar
r they actually retarded
white girl dancing
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
these niggas fuck anything .. low life bastards
want to have your entry vanish on this forum ?
criticize the editorial board .
we still do n’t know what motivated this murder , isis is attempting to take   “ credit ” for this horrible mass murder ... but i ’m sceptical .
it has been only 48 hours , the authorities are digging through his computers , phones and money trail ... when they conclude they will use the appropriate descriptive adjectives .
we should also await the autopsy , the toxicology report .... perhaps he had a medical disorder , a brain tumour as his distraught brother hopes .
nice udders slut ... what about those fuck holes ? ...
coz whore like you is only worth her holes here
bryce is so fucking disgusting .
i am in fucking tears
i am thinking of a new old social system < number > only women can own land < number > man job is to maintain and improve the land < number > only men have political power < number > niggers obey or leave < number > jews will volunteer for the ovens < number > fill in the blanks
at the rate we 're going with rulings like this , soon we wo n't be able to say " thank goodness for mississippi " .
for those unfamiliar with the phrase , it refers to the fact that in almost all quality of life measures , mississippi always seems to be ranked last among the states .
lol i see you changed your picture so you can advocate mixing races while using the fellow white people line
funny .
all the white guys shooting shit up are alive , but unarmed black guys keep dying .
nice .
the disturbing reason trump evangelical base is thrilled to see violence in gaza hotpagenews com r < number >
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
just as bad or worse , trump , the purported commander - in - chief did n't even mention the sailors , who just died in service for their country .
sorry , i see no compassion , no consideration for anyone or anything but himself in this man .
what i do observe are trump 's lies , his spreading distrust of our intel , judiciary , free press , etc . ,
and a man whose speeches reek of vengeance against whatever or whomever does n't agree with him .
i think of trump as a dangerous , unhinged person -- a threat to our country , and to the world .
not every minute or every frame needs to be looked at .
for starters , officer checks in that he is at the doughnut shop from 06:30 to 06:40 , no need to check that .
now if he lies and says that he was not at the doughnut shop from 06:30 to 06:40 the entire da 's office should put that under a microscope .
we all know that he would n't miss that timeout .
no i fucking do not so why was he panicking i hate you shitty hair you do not fucking hate me asshat the smirk disappeared into another face of anger his right arm pointing a sharp finger towards katsuki
< user > no it is impossible for a jew to be a nazi its like calling a black person a white supremacist
niggers gon na nig
" @codywaggoner1 @kcdnlp fucking hell .
i did n't put " " could " " before " " have " " "
i like that you 're bi because it means you 'd be open to a threesome .
is not malte muslim too sickening tweets
will kivi ever fucking learn our powerplay tactics do n't work ! #
ilves
if this happened in eugene , there would be throngs of springfielders saying " springfield does things better , this would n't happen in springfield where we hire the right police blah blah blah . "
< user > < user > they sound like they are islamic
i get my car nd i ’ m back mobile today bitches
women are painted as weak and less than men .
men hate to be seen as weak and less of a man .
if you 're a woman and you call a man ' woman ' , the shade is on yourself and you 're dragging us back since we 're trying to change these archaic norms that stifle the existence of women .
url
it starts out like fucking star wars https://t.co/moigmhgqhf
peter was drafted to the army , as he said .
contrary to popular belief , trumps base has grown by 4.3 %   oan .
as usual , lukey forgets all punctuation and is again unintelligible .
islamists are born from incestuous relationships < number > of incestuous births die from horrendous birth defects the other < number > survive with mush for brains and only have capacity for violence and rape the vilest humans on earth
there is no pride anymore , only shame .
she is a hate filled racist and homophobe .
she hates the gay white men who created pride in the first place and is determine to steal it for her own political ends .
if the thousands of gay men of toronto stop supporting pride she will hate them even more .
all she will do is destroy it entirely if she stays on this path of bigotry and division .
reading some of the posts here are pretty sad .
plenty of hotels where you get a suite in which 1 room is designed for doing business , including just meetings .
and i have met both men and women at such locations for such meetings back in the 90s and early 00s .
now , most hotels have separate areas where you can do business , but 20 - 30 years ago , that was not the norm .
anybody who believes that it will lead to rape no doubt believes that the way a victim dresses is giving permission for being raped or harassed .
again , sad .
they have refugees to import
heard that homo < user > ‍ little < number > < number > < number > inch wiener gets rock hard everytime he hears an alt righter say nigger wetback or faggot classic sadistic degenerate you know why he here fam
he does n't ever know wtf to say out his mouth joe & # 129318;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️&#128530 ; stupid ass nigga
you know what those agencies said when asked how they currently vet immigrants from muslim countries? ...... <crickets > 
 .
you 've clearly never worked in government : if your attitude is that " well , i 'll make decisions based on information , " and that information is garbage , then you 've solved nothing .
these agencies are plagued with entrenched bureaucrats who have bred tribal knowledge and toxic organizational culture .
.
welcome to the swamp .
stop thinking about president trump in political terms-- the leftist media try every day and they fail every day .
he 's a business man , and if he hears about a process that 's < clearly > screwed up- he 's going to fix it ..   politicians do n't do that- which is why he is our presient .
dead ass , that ordes speaks nigga and his whole frat needs to be in jail .
love hearing an inferior fag bitch sub slut choke on an alpha 's dick ... its music to my ears .. url
should women be prohibited   from having sex if they have a blood alcohol level of   perhaps .08 . ?
she poses a danger to any man who has sex with her , and he needs to be warned she is off limits .
is there an app to tell drunk women to go home ?
certainly no man who refuses to have sex with a drunk woman is considered a hero , not even by the same feminists who   call him a rapist if he does .
< user > raped the lil boy and he got sick gave the lil niggas aids smh 😭
egyptians in < number > bc be like omg what am i gon na wear today and then open their closet full of white linen lmfaoo 🤣 🤣 🤣
that may come in handy while in prison .
tds < number > i do not think i have heard such retarded bullshit since < number >
i can not watch the whole interview with the young lady will she be able to be to engage aggressive muslim men in civil conversation as she is being beaten dragged disrobed and raped by them
9/11 recieves one day of remembrance each year gay pride receives a whole month because of how big that tragedy is .
peter : out .
they are a good example of people who are brainwashed .
i hoped for more from this .
" [ t]he academy of construction and engineering has a disproportionately higher population of students who are male ( 75 % ) [ & ] in poverty . "
how is this the result of " unintentionally created segregation & inequity " ?
this is a choice district -- if kids who choose ace tend to be male & poor , that is a reflection of our society as a whole , not a " problem with the slc system . "
as for ace having a higher student population receiving special education services & disciplinary referrals , earning d / f grades , not attending post - secondary educational institutions , scoring poorly on state exams & being absent from school at a higher rate -- these are obviously the result of ace leadership .
since the other 3 slcs in the report did not have these issues it 's clearly not a " problem with the slc system . "
yet it was the ace principal that was chosen to head all 4 slcs this year .
he wo n't be continuing but it does make one wonder why the district chose the leader of the failing school to lead all four .
hard to blame him , gci is a virus that comes back to nickel and dime you even after you 've discontinued services with them .
this april fools day we got the premier of snk s2 a s3 trailer for voltron and a stream w all of rick and morty s3 i 'm gon na fucking bust a
is the person behind this account some retarded girl or an autistic degenerate male
< user > < user > they are not illegal aliens they are people just like you they are no different so stop with the inflammatory demonising language plenty of white americans commit crimes do not single out the minority of immigrants that do you are definitely indoctrinated into the cult of trump
all these people wanting me to call them " xer , ze , zhe and xe .
from now on i 'm just gon na call you a zaggot
it was a gay community party at the park .
i went to watch .
they had a sweet stage built hanging out from greystone .
tons of production .
fireworks obviously .
no problem for felons to get firearm 's .
they either steal them , buy them on the street corner or black market , or ,   male felons usually have a female around   and if they have a clean criminal record they have them buy the firearm .
build more prison 's ,   take   these idio'ts out of society for a long time .
words do n't hurt her but cramming her penis into that thong everyday sure does .
" i 'm trying to take you out " to " you do n't look good enough to rape " .
i have a headache , where do y' all even come from because wtf url
did you mean to write " a wiener " ?
posters are all looooosers .
if only ya'll could just make dem black boys just plat step n fetchit for free .
gettin uppity are n't they
if girls go to college to get more knowledge and boys go to jupiter to get more stupider , where do transgenders go ?
hell
period bitch !
it 's time to only hire the ugliest women to be flight attendants because the pretty ones get the men too aroused !
so if the ghetto clans and angry dumb fems so come over with there muslum terrorist buddies that are equally great appearetly for whatever reason will this site cater to them because they do love a good upsetting it like a happening for them except is it different
' never blame the victim , unless it 's a man '
can you image what a fat incel neckbeard must sould like whilst knocking one out ?
whoever caught him must 've thought someone was having a heart attack .
19 year old male : : i hate this music .
it 's so gay ... are you gay ?
me : : uhm , yes actually .
19 year old male : : no , you 're not .
really ?
me : : yes , really . [
pause ] 19 year old male : : so you 're bisexual ?
i am a 21 year old female , at a friend 's birthday party .
made me feel never recognized .
i d like to hear from anyone who believes they understand the big picture as to why all these beautiful white countries are letting sand niggers through the gates like rabid apes
@jackposobiec @somelittlellama @oann wow it looks like mr. hates refugees and immigrants wants to be one .
hard pass
between 2012 and 2014 , vnesheconombank was used as cover for russian spy evgeny buryakov to gather intelligence and recruit new york city residents as sources for moscow , according to the department of justice .
buryakov was prosecuted by then - united states attorney preet bharara , who was recently fired by the trump administration .
justice department link : 
 https://www.justice.gov/usao-sdny/pr/russian-banker-sentenced-manhattan-federal-court-30-months-prison-conspiring-work
banning weev for making an observation is not supporting first amendment rights even if it were a call to violence as you said which it obviously was not in that context it was protected under 1 a we have linked you ppl brandenburg v ohio < number > million times
saaaaame .
or close to same , anyway .
heteronormative media / society kept me from allowing myself to admit i was trans until well into my 30s .
but it feels soooooo much better to realize i 'm a gay woman and not a straight dude .
seriously ... the homophobia is strong in the like / dislike ratio .
for that you 're catching additional charges of aggravated faggotry which carries the death penalty
join the grassroots movement in the fight to unseat # madmaxine waters !
what 's the difference between an emo and adolf hitler adolf hitler knew when to kill himself
reeee piece of shit
i fucking hate white socks they literally make me feel like a whole other person when i am wearing them
thank god for the g&m.   one shudders to think what would have become of this country without it 's penetrating , shocking exposes of the unfounded allegations crisis , the housing crises in vancouver and toronto , the opioid   crisis , the crisis crisis .... 

 yes siree bob , the g&m has singlehandedly changed the face of canada , as they are too eager by half to tell us , ad nauseum .
i 've always wanted to # write a sandbox world inspired by soylent green .
it 'd take a * lot * of work to adapt it and build a worthwhile setting
i agree , that little guy in nk has been running his mouth and threatening the u.s. for a long time .
25 years of talking to nk and un sanctions have resulted with nk producing nukes , and a bat _ _ _ _ crazy dude ready to use them .
where are all those that said they were 10 years away from having the capability ?
@reginaldalawso1 he is absolutely disgusting .
this can only be attention seeking and an insult to the lgbt community
when does a joke become a dad joke ?
when the punchline becomes apparent .
< user > if bitchslapping means ridiculing telling them off am all for it they ought to start by taking a 🔴 red pill and be asked what their position on the migrant gang rape of a defenseless women in a wheelchair is ⛈
i dunno about your guy 's neighborhood , but all the girls in my hood knew to stay away from nasty , old , creepy dudes .
april 1st , a day of lies .
april 2nd , hmm ... i 'm looking forward to today , and it 's not just because of # wrestlemania . & #
128526;&#128526 ;
8 years ago the country was ready to consider and elect a black man as president ... we just collectively made a bad choice and elected the wrong black man .... the country is again ready for change and consideration of electing a woman as president .... like the black man 8 years ago the media is squarely behind the woman now .... even though serious wrong doing attends the candidates .... they seem willing to do anything to help cover up those crimes ... obama has certainly been the greatest disrespecter of the law in our history until hillary came along ... and took this disrespect to a new low with obama 's help .. ! ! !
for all american voters , and especially alaskan voters the obama / clinton crime families must be sent packing in november 2016 ... trump is the only choice for all freedom loving americans .... especially alaskans ...
filthy gay fucks url
when your relatives think you are gay or something wrong with you 
 it is quite disturbing when your relatives think that you are gay because despite having a stable job in the big city but you still can not get a significant other however they do not introduce me to anyome either
thanks jews how it started
i know history i know brother wars my family has fought brits and yankees i am over it only a kike would gloat over the deaths of whites i hope you are gang raped by a pack of abos
[ mer ] minerstuffed i 'm a thot because men like you will never be in my lane ?
yeah your blow up sex toy is waiting upstairs for you , fucking basement dweller !
rt rdunbar83 : rt yorkshiremesmac : our comms coordinator has been doing interviews this afternoon talking about how important diversity is in the lgbt+ community and how important pride is .
# leeds # leedspride # lgbt url
today a girl in my class told me to stop talking about political stuff bc another girl in our rotation comes from a very republican family
then you , rich olson , should be on the no - comment list .
she 's not an airhead ; she 's a 71 year old who kept her head , calmly built a beautiful shelter by herself with no food for almost a week while trying to honor her loved one 's memory .
if a young man had done half of this ( and for no good reason at all ) , the coverage would be about his bravery and ingenuity and engineering skills , all while he managed to injure himself in the process and come out of it tear - stained and whining about how hungry he is , and with no mention of how a dick tax should be levied for all the times we have to bail out men for constantly doing incredibly stupid things , putting themselves & others in grave danger .
this woman is strong , wise and created beautiful , useful things out of a scary situation that would probably leave you crying for your mommy .
jews dominate the donor class both republican and democrat why fixate on the jewish question you will never solve as a tide of hispanics blacks breed you into the third world
gay people should die
this law is absolutely asinine .
all a business has to do is remove the women and men sign and place a new sign - washroom or restroom or toilet .
niggas think just cause they fucked once they 'll fuck again , first off that dick was trash & you should be in jail for that 🤧 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
rate me from < number > to < number > and rt for a small gift in dm 🧐 🙋 宇佐木あいか سحاق asianslut vcs محارم vcs loli bigboobs
as a filipino we can sing and hear notes with clarity .. it 's the spanish girl who rules !
nina hermosa bravo !
time to get the cult of islam out of the usa ! !
iran is the cult islam
the crime of the century was when crooked hillary 's state dept did n't respond to and rescue four americans who were being attacked in benghazi .
crooked hillary 's state dept also did not respond to the military when they called two times when the benghazi attacks began requesting permission to rescue the four americans .
that was tantamount to a " stand down " order to assure that the four americans would be murdered .
why ?
to cover the illegal transfer of weapons from libya to syria by hillary 's state dept .
dead men do n't talk so the four americans were just collateral damage .
crooked hillary and all of her comrades in her state dept who were complicit in the death of the four americans in benghazi belong in jail .
it honestly sad because most were molested as a child and told to be gay or they think that what normal from their traumatic experience
what @therobotard8000 call me sexist or old fashioned , but the new trend of dudes taking alimony is shameful and utterly unmasculine .
< user > < user > my question is had the cop been a minority or even an immigrant and the person killed was a white woman would the judge have made the same ruling
i guess bradley manning really is a woman i mean , how else could he fuck up killing himself ?
i also find it disturbing that people think forced gay sex in prison is appropriate punishment .
i think it says a lot of how they view homosexualtiy .
for example , i do n't think i 've ever noticed people online saying similar things about female inmates and male prison guards .
nigga look like he fell to his death 😂 😂 😂
< user > he was a dirty gay cunt
good morning tonight i had a nightmare where all tj suddenly became horny for todd and people were shipping him with hank there were fanarts and whole threads about it and i wanted to kill every single one of you
i am upset that the two women pictured , both with positive identities and relevant platforms , were overshadowed by two old white men , who neither followed   the rules of the panel , nor had positive messages to contribute to the event ..   yes the headline was direct in stating the two men were " two cantankerous old white men " but did that need to be the headline in the first place ?
because european men are a bunch of soyboy faggots lol
omg just rec a dm from a company saying their intrested in my eyes-&amp;want me to send some photos in , they're an optician company .. wow ! !
" rt @larendorr : me before playing @_nocode 's stories untold : " " meh text based adventures are so lame and boring " " .
me after : " " holy shit i was … "
@gilbertkays the israelis & rwandese govts are still pursuing doers of genocide decades on & rightly so , in time a new zim must nip this cycle of violence in the bud by bringing in all culprits to justice , no matter how old , young , low or high they are and for as long as it takes # shownomercy url
finally got my new toy today a new touchscreen laptop so i 'll be toying with it today testing all different kinds of video features so that 's what i 'll be doing
qatar , a minuscule state that has contributed nothing but destruction and carnage to the middle east … it 's time to draw a line the sand and send a message !
url
just watched the video of the muslim attacking the dutch crippled kid how weak are these fucks they intentionally pick weaker targets and still this guy could barely down a cripple the dutch kid stayed strong and defended himself well dispite his disadvantages
if i sent you some pic wound use be able to put them up cuz use do nt have many also i have lots of links to give use
let me guess you are a uneducated yank that believes everything the media says you probably never left the country .
you probably think all muslims are bad .
rossriver31 oi jews ai n't blowing no one up u nazi basterd racism is a natural erg it ai n't that big of a problem
i 've watched kolo toure dancing to the yaya / kolo song about 25 times now and it still has n't got old & # 128514;&#127808 ; # 6inarow @celticfc
i 'm fucking agnostic you dipshit .
all men are psychopaths because once a female psychopath comes along , they all forget she 's a psychopath and start doing anything they can to win her approval , sleep with her , or just avoid being accused of raping her .
this instead of finding a logical solution ... so the only conclusion we can make is all men are now psychopaths because they wo n't question women and forget they 're just as equal in imperfection and flaw as any man is .
oh and fyi any jew alive at the time he said that did not kill your jeepnut unless they invented time travel are jews time travelers
this cathocuck literally argues that to be a good christian you need to be a cuckold ok folks no more making white babies go to the nearest ghetto and adopt a dindu you heard the man cuck schmitz email < email >
sooo , i 'm trying to stream today but pmdg does not let me activate :( all black screens and no working buttons .
i 've been bullying bottoms all day someone t*p me and shut me up
the heretical antipope of marxism has spoken never mind this pesky pedophilia problem but let invite every last moslem into christendom
this faggot is just cumming because of a huge amphora up his ass ..
i want roy moore to win even if it only to hear all the kikes commie faggot scum screaming about inbred misogynistic toothless alabama hillbilly white trash
@browneyes124337 you go immigrate back to europe or africa .
take your grandparents too .
cause america is an immigrant country .
the only true americans are the native indians .
bye .
oh , please , bro , stop flattering yourself .
5 k , 3 k , who cares ?
but you have to throw that in to show us all how educated you are ,   yeah , google is smart too .
sure there are examples , but the trend is overwhelmingly liberal .
homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against white genocide , only hypocrites can , i 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .
pretty sad if you can only relate with people of the same gender and race as yourself
> should i just go on a rampage fucking as many girls as i can in order to get over her ?
no .
do n't become a hoe yourself .
but i would talk to other girls
how does the average american democrats feel god will pardon them for abortions queers and little girls bathrooms in accepting isis into our country not to mention the skiing lies the party prevails but then again they might be muslims themselves i do not know
< user > “ bitches doing blackface ”
my grandparents did n't come over here from europe to put up with a bunch of immigrants ! ! #
deepthoughtsfrommaga
kys u old - ass faget
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > iraqi refugees were forced to flee and started waiting for resettlment since < number > till now is it time to be fair is it time for equality is it time to componsate them the waste years that lost in waiting they lost everything stand with iraqi refugees
i made the girls at the salon vote tboss .... even thou they hate her ... if i 'm buying u airtime ur voting 4 who i want in my presence
normally , i would agree with you .
but , i think that t is opposing the gops at this time .
he is as likely to work with the dems as he is with gops .
and i would guess that if ds and t come to some decent agreement that is all encompassing , that plenty of gopers will come over .
but , i m guessing that it will have to address most , if not all , of the main issues .
the one that i really think must be in there , is a phase - in of e - verify with real penalties for business ( and ideally the ppl that hired / hide the future illegal ) , followed with going after the sanctuary cities .
for now , it is a waste of time to hit sanctuary govs ( including ca ) , until e - verify has been fully phased in .
also need to require that any current illegal that is legalized , that hides an illegal , will be deported or jailed .
once that is done and the majority of illegal have left , then go after santuary govs and gangs .
they will be much easier to spot .
he managed to articulate what for me has been only knowable but inexpressible at least through words words my constant struggle about what it like to grow up within the ex yugo context in my case 1 st generation immigrant to macedonian parents
even more proof that most men are unattractive to the average women
while i condemn violence against women in all its forms , no matter who the perpetrators are , there is a major difference between men who commit violence against women in the west , as compared to violence committed against women in islam .
for one , men who abuse women in the west , do it alone , there is not generally family members involved .
in fact , the evidence shows that a man who is abusive tries to isolate the woman from family & friends in order to hide the abuse & emotional manipulation .
in islam , as your article has pointed out , family members are complicit in the abuse & murder & have no issues with carrying out the acts , even mothers of the girls .
women in islam who report abuse are shunned by their families & communities , are the ones blamed for causing the aggression in the first place .
in the west , the taking of a life is murder no matter what the reason & punished accordingly .
islam does not recognize murder of women because it is their fault for " shaming " the family .
well , since you are never the object of nic 's more virulent comments , one is not surprised you think so .
try thinking about it from the point of view of someone constantly harangued by him and see if you feel the same way .
happy new year , annie .
i hope it is a peaceful one .
@giiotm " good one nigger boys but count your fucking days , i 'm gon na be one rooting tooting black nigger bitch shooting summamabitch next time i catch u " url
taxing the state dividend is ok with the state senate .
taxing the oil industry for our fair share from alaska 's resources is n't ok with the state senate .
why is tumblr bad for your health ?
it 's full of transfats
( wave ) swell : 5.3 ft at 16.7 s w / wind wave : 3.0 ft at 9.1 s wnw / wvht : 6.2 ft / apd : 10.6 s / mwd : 267 ° / 12:41p pdt
being bi is just a transition step between straight and gay .
people who are bi just need to choose !
i can see no way that insurance companies can create a scheme that will cover the huge costs of elder care / i can see no way for insurance companies to profitably exploit the ongoing care   needs of our elders .
white toes on pretty feet 🦶 🏾 ❤ ️ the best
down to catch a body bitch !
property tax by the steel mills are probably around $ 3000 vs ancaster 's $ 7000 .
the new 30 ' lots will be less of course .
suck my std laden leftist , atheist , lgbtfuck dick .
what do you call a < number > year old transgendered man ?
ishmale .
this coming from cowards who have allowed their country to become overrun with muslims ?
does n't really hold any weight
request for stats on domestic violence 
 i 'm looking for a stat on domestic violence that showed there is more allegations in family court than normal .
what is ironic about the lgbt < allcaps > flag ?
all the colors are straight .
whether the supreme court upholds trump 's ban or not the point is the ban was clearly intended to discriminate against muslims and so constitutes an attack on the first amendment .
and if trump could he would shut down his antagonists in the press because he 's a dictator wannabe who admires murderous authoritarian strongmen like saddam hussein , kim jong un and , of course , vladimir putin , and , to the horror of everyone , has extended an invitation to the white house to rodrigo duterte .
your ingenue act was old three years ago .
there are starving children in africa ! ! !
name ten
< user > you say yiddish speaking immigrants in the 1 9 th century they hear globalist diaspora self hating jews
she know she my dawg she said if any bitch try to hurt u i ’ m beating her ass 😭 😭
i support trans people joining the army that way they can get themselves killed faster .
disagree , queers ought to be allowed to teach .
lmao free that baby that lul nigga innocent 😂 😂 😂 😩 url
whites must adjust to reality to forever dirty war where niggers kill rob and rape them usually their weak and most defenseless in the thousands annually because that is how it is sigh
opinion when a girl is a hoe everyone assumes that girl is the one who hit up every single guy even if it always the guy who makes the first move sexism or no smh 😒
thank you for sharing , sorry this thread got a little " clumsy " with unnecessary banter .
i 'm an atheist , but i can not neglect the cumulative religious experience of the vast majority of the world 's populace .
merely because i do not believe , does not dictate that i can not understand or appreciate what other 's hold dear .
president uhuru kenyatta to edwin abonyo : you were the best speaker in bomet yesterday … they say behind every successful man is a woman and i am now beginning to understand that behind every successful woman , there is a man url
hoping trumps adviser pushing for a registry for muslims actually happens we need to keep those immigrants in check and terroists out of our country
while we are bashing the media - it occurred to me to count the number of articles ( at various stages of life expectancy .- ) in the current issue of the g&m. so i counted them - and there are 350 of them , various topics and issues ... at best this statistic reminds me of an oil slick - a tiny little bit of oil covering square miles in a huge spectaular slick !
very shallow ( molecular thickness ) and ultimately insignificant .
mostly of tabloid quality .... 

 hereby my suggestion to the g&m editorial board : less is more - if the actual content were to be improved and the shallow social engineering given a rest perhaps you as media would survive !
350 trivial articles can not even begin to pretend to be relevant .
and the pitifultruth is that when german women got to good to have german families the damned ragheads come in and rape them
< user > i look gay
the germans should just start world war 3 just to get it over with .
gay people should die
jim you link misspells " america . "
there are no longer any delays in publishing comments containing urls -- the paren are unnecessary .
ps : enjoyed your link .
i do not wanna be on twitter when the verdict for the white bitch who killed the black man in his own apartment is announced if it not guilty on murder charges i just can not be on here
how free speech not a thing anymore just because it online i can not say cunt your a cunt twitter
gon na become a girl just so y all stop bullying me
you know , if my daughter is transgender , she can use any bathroom she wants to , in the adoption center .
bitch fuck yo nigga hoe fuck his feelings
the trump / guiliani misogynist strategies to run against bill clinton reveal just how low they are willing to go now that they are trapped in the corner from the past .
paying women to appear and attempt to involve bill clinton on camera should be abhorrent to any decent human being living in this nation .
all to deflect away from the real words and actions of il duce trump and his frat boy abettor , billy bush .
both demonstrating the rights of privilege of wealthy scions nutured in educational systems of the elite where their declared rule over women as nothing more than baby - makers of new male scions and sexual playthings for the pleasure of the wealthy privileged males .
a lot of ppl complaining abt white ppl fetishizing asians but when are we gon na talk abt all these asian ppl who use their ethnicity to get clout
breaking news : incel accidentally discovers that women are human , and that some of them are bad conversationalists with little to say .
seriously though , i 've met plenty of banal , witless , boring men and women .
it 's not a gendered thing .
he was a faggot just like you
ukraine is literally under us control and these nazis are soros operatives you are a fake or the most gullible man on earth edit i am adding bitch bitch fag fuck bitch bitch to stay at your level ^^
the writer is clearly a bigot himself , unable to accept different viewpoints .
you are the reason people like milo exist and prosper
i fell on my fucking face and it took me over 5 meters to stop
< user > < user > nobody is going to hate you you are an awesome resistor
they are all women are fuckin annoying bitches
the heart of blm protest types are nerdy blacks who do not really fit into black or white groups perfectly mad in some sense that they were born in a black body mad that they do not really gel with ghetto blacks either
bailing on this sub .
stop promoting that other sub they 're nothing but fucking incel losers .
see ya goofs .
misprint for change your cocks , transgender community at it again .
the changes make sense to me , dealing with trump and undoing all the damage harper did to the   immigration dept   need strong players .
he a faget i got shootters that would fuck him up they deleted my insta kus i came at this nigga
it 's two koch sponsored shills back to back .
that koch boilerplate you 're pushing is failed policy .
the last ' task force ' you participated on broke up because of your antics .
want to try to walk that back ?
you have brains in your head .
your feet in your shoes .
you can steer yourself in any direction you choose .
~dr .
seuss
whitegenocide rfid jewish controlled media is not news its a bureau of communist indoctrination or hatenews to make people help the jews create the communist nwo where no white person will be spared and the current generation of black people will become slaves again
how do i cope knowing 
 that girls only like nice guys when they are sad and lonely , the moment their self confidence picks up they will look for better .
i 'm tired of these movies trying to make chicks look tough .
very few are .
it 's still a mans world and always will be .
looks like they have a hispanic guy as the terminator , the blacks wo n't like that ............ it 's rayciss !
while i agree with your idea about the national referendum , i do n't agree with the direct " muslim " label .
we 'd never get it past the courts .
identify countries where " groups who hate western democratic values , including isis , hamas , hezbola , al quaida , etc . -
thrive . "
we need to cover more than trump did with his exceutive order .
it 's not only about countries having a central government to provide info that we can vet .
" " " boys convince themselves they are a man by drinking lots of beer and having a vagina nearby to stick themselves into . " "
fucking nailed it "
to paraphrase an old saying about mexico :    poor puerto rico , so far from god and so close to the usa .
so basically , a whiny complaining column to sulk about the fact that lady gaga did n't make a whiny complaining statement with her performance .
sums up most of the columns on the g&m these days .
as has been said several times already : give it a rest .
oh this is so disgusting a nigger and a faggot get a prominent place in the ceremony
go suck a dick u shit stain
can all women of this country make a pact and not have sex with men .
and if they force themselves .
rip their dick off and staple it to their forehead with a fuck you note and send them to alabama
if they were white christian males , they would of been arrested on the spot .
all these people wanting me to call them " xer , ze , zhe and xe .
from now on i 'm just gon na call you a zaggot
there will be a hole who will say you tell refugees to go back to syria and fight for their own country but do not say it to sa farmers need to have a strong and elegant response
i do n't know the choreography to scared of the dark so do n't go expecting me to jump up for that . #
tweaster
hot tranny mess .
what did hitler call his recliner ?
mein kampf - y chair .
@444_anne @realdonaldtrump what 's your god have to do with that pussy groper ?
not a rhetorical question .
your god is the pussy groping god ?
url
i ve had transgender thoughts my whole life and am considering transitioning , so i 'm curious if life will be harder than it is as a short white male .. i 've been made fun of my whole life for being short , i struggle in interviews and dating is really hard .. at least trans people have a community , and i live in portland where it 's more accepting .. that 's why i asked the question
the good thing about the nazi dumbasses is they hold their national convention in a phone booth for you young dumbass nazis that a little bitty space i have heard you can get < number > people in one
hahahaha !
these traitor slime , antifa females need to get out .
they are slime .
all of these females should be put in prison and left until they rot .
the civil war is coming .
it should be illegal for her to be subjected to big black cocks !
wearing my new shoes around town who coming to clean them findomslave findom footfetish
apparently you missed this sentence in the editorial : " but may 's office appears to have handled its investigation with rigor , and his ultimate conclusion is defensible . "
if you missed it , it is understandable .
it 's " buried " almost halfway through .
interesting how this article downplays the outrage over the homophobic aspect of the comment , i.e. the worse insult one can think of is to get people imagining trump having sex with another man , i.e. putin .
one must assume because gay sex is disgusting , and emasculating ?
kind of like those who think calling trudeau " justine " is the epitome of insult , i.e. emasculating .
yeah the good ol " village free ride . "
village life : the land of milk & honey , that must be why people are streaming to the villages in record numbers , right clear cut ?
prayers for you guys to come home safe and sound .
... and this man , a partisan hack and despicable moron , to parry the title of this article , is close to being an imbecile .
that doesn`t sound to bad , wait till you see 30 kids , 5 of which are white !
mfw < allcaps > ¯\_(ツ ) _ / ¯ having first child with wife .
go to dr with wife for ultrasound .
dr is scanning around .
< repeat > asking what everything is .
< repeat > " so , doc , what gender is it ? " "
we do n't know anon we have to wait until xir identifies itself as . " "
xir might not even be human .
we also have to wait until xir identifies which species it is too . "
couple months later .
< repeat > trans gender / trans species doctor is delivering baby .
hours later baby comes out .
notice penis .
i scream , " it 's a boy ! "
getting smug looks from all around .
get thrown out of hospital .
wife divorces me because i ' m a sexist , gender assuming scumbag .
in divorce court .
< repeat > told i have to pay alimony and child support but do n't get to see my child at all because i might corrupt xir .
ten years later .
< repeat > finally got to see my child .
xir identifies itself as a human boy .
mfw < allcaps > ¯\\\_(ツ ) _ / ¯
being gay is a clear advantage in america today .
if it were not , @petebuttigieg would not make it the centerpiece of his campaign . #
radicalpete # lgbtqwxyz url
fornication ( uncommitted sex , unmarried sex ) , adultery ( affairs , cheating on mate ) , homosexuality ( same sex , sex ) , beastyality ( screwing animals ) , lust starves will lead you to hell fire !
of course they want war .
they get excited when the malignant narcissist and draft - dodging , warmongering , mentally deranged sociopath they follow screams his bellicose epithets to prove what a man he is .
trump can send his boys as a starter , then draft all the gopers kids as cannon fodder .
how about you let people with balls do what needs to be done you are a subversive kike who does nothing but punch right and counter signal
should have got ken burns to produce the documentary .
he usually does such nice work .
maybe tom hanks can narrate ?
big smile on my face when i think about all the college snowflakes who were so close to banning free speech persecuting white males for being white and male popularizing feminism lesbianism and forwarding the end of times how suddenly shitty their lives must be speakfreely maga gab
i do believe we can declare miraculous things .
when i went to israel the first time in 2015 an older pastor stepped out in faith and declared a rainbow anointing over our small prayer group at the end of a prayer session in capernaum !
i actually was surprised and skeptical ...
what i want to know is if this mountain had its government permits in order , prior to this eruption ?
if not , this is a clear violation which requires the immediate attention of our legislature : financial stuff is secondary to control of climate change !
this mountain must be held to account .
u help a chick get her glow back and get thick , and she wanna be out showing her ass off hoes grimy and ungrateful 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️
you need to earn my cum first , slut .
you need to show that you appreciate the male body enough by licking my asshole clean .
then i 'd let you suck my cock .
then i 'd rape your asshole .
then i 'd fuck your cunt .
then i 'd titfuck your big cow udders and finish by covering them with my cum .
if you 're enthusiastic enough as i use you , i 'd let you clean my cock .
yeah , i came to learn through my muslim neighbors that generosity is a big part of your culture .
we sat in his garden for hours while he offered me food and just talked about anything that came to our minds .
beautiful people and beautiful memories .
@chrisrbarron deport her lying ass
easy to make generalized statements a stopped watch is right twice per day drug addicts can make intelligent statements from time to time even a mentally retarded person knows when to go to the bathroom
zenigundam lol pussy .
your video exposes you for the fraud you are .
you ca n't even properly light your stage .
you 're not messing w a 6'3 " 235 lb pro athlete .
you 're literally a child .
your balls have n't dropped and you ca n't pee straight .
are you in nyc ?
too bad .
i 'd invite you to my house so you can smack me up .
pol
my suitcase literally didnt come im so fucking pissed rn
oh now that 's funny ... unfortunately there are n't any .
responsibility of an immigrants ’ son 😌
yuck bitch look a faggot shemale looking bitch
nsfmanlets : femaloid thinks the average , normal guy is 6 ft .
the governor has never made any secret of his deep interest in natural gas .
i think if we smart we would help him run with it .
gas is a potential game changer as much of rational civilization seeks to free itself from oil addiction .
cheap , clean energy ?
why would we want to be in that business ?
or , we are just another empire going the way of all empires ... 
 wealth and power get built up over time , ego wrapped con men take over the discourse , and the empire of the people becomes the empire of the rich and powerful .
greece , rome , germany , the soviet union ... i suspect almost all fell from the same human inability to respect the tribe over the supreme leader .
of course , we are in a time of unimaginable nuclear weapons , of talented media hucksters , of really stupid leaders , so maybe this american empire is in reality the last empire .
but then , maybe i am perhaps being too hasty , maybe putin 's stooge in the white house has something other than disruption and disintegration in mind for america .
his choices for his cabinet sure indicate a willingness to destroy the common to enrich the few though .
america is being torn apart by white power religious bigots allied to the oligarch class .
that is my truth .
hugh massengill , eugene oregon
so do alt lite jew and nigger loving faggots
hi @dradamjowett @covcampus since this is an official study , we need an answer on whether you 'll be including the uk 's main form of gay - to - straight conversion therapy , i.e. transgender pathways for gay kids .
and if not , why not ?
cc @pennymordaunt @susanbaroness @womenequalities url
" asked by a reporter in new jersey whether he wanted the support of white nationalists , dozens of whom wore red make america great again hats during the charlottesville riots , trump did not respond . "
i 'd love to see a video of this ... any links ?
< user > lol not surprised at all he will have to wait until after the election if he wins to bring in jihadi jack
usa has gone to hell ! !
more misogynistic and homophobic degenerates , top down ! !
baked alaska is a retard who copied people all his life he is a parasite who attaches himself to popular ideas never came up with an original idea in his life
people are not going to like me again ... i 'm just about sick of every fucking one . #
whatarefriends
why did nt u get these pants out the way my neighbor to the south ur anis wanted to shit down that roid raging punk axes throat !
and nick is a puzzy for spirting off at the mouth and not following that roid raging fucktard to keep him from showing his ignorance
no , just another example of the media shooting from the hip and missing the paper .
better to be first than to be right in their world .
keep your eyes open at all times for fallen powerlines .
my humor is so fucked i need friends who are legit bad people just so i can express that side of it and not get dirty looks .
rabid atheist ?
keep on believing in that magic man in the sky , moron .
they need to send them all back and get back to justice for the black natives of american and descendants of slaves who still have no received any justice
disagree , queers ought to be allowed to teach .
why did the sun never set on the british empire ?
even god did n't trust the english in the dark .
flabby faced piers morgan deserves to be anally raped by a broken milk bottle
you 're on to something ...
tulsi is parroting vladimir putin promoting the belief the rebels attacked themselves .
it much simpler than that bro he a shit tier hasbara kike playing the muh freedom loving white man lol same old routine with these clowns
" @cxncupiscent | " " i never expressed a problem luhan , " " she placed her hands on his shoulders and gently pushed him him away . "
trey songz went in on that " looking ass bitches " reply to nicki & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
uh , positive discrimination ?
who am i discriminating against , the other guys who want to fuck your mom ?
okay , okay , you win .
your mother has passionate vigorous sex with all sorts of men , regardless of their race , creed , color , disability , or national origin .
mea culpa .
yep , the alt - right incels always do revert to the no ur the bigot routine .
try again , putz , i 've read your postings .
i know your beliefs .
suck my std laden leftist , atheist , lgbtfuck dick .
lmaooo rt @handsomeesco_55 she a tranny if she can open a jar of pickles by herself
liberals once again keeping our borders wide open
suck my butt i shit on u big boi
i guess bradley manning really is a woman i mean , how else could he fuck up killing himself ?
" looks like he 's about to climax , and ... * * ooooohhhh * he * does not pull out in time ! * "
" that 's gon na be a tough one to explain , bob , manuel was * not * booked for a creampie scene and yet the load has , regardless , been blown ! "
" a tough one indeed , steve , rachel is less than pleased ! "
many of the current wave of nativists have never figured out they would n't be here if their predecessors in xenophobia and bigotry had been successful .
these ladies ' doth protest too much ' !
you are a disgrace to feminism !
not all male politicians are leaders , neither are not all female politicians leaders .
these ladies are oblivious of the fact that younger leaders are required in the 21st century .
granny , has been medical doctors are not necessary leaders nor intellectual .
the only   vibrant , modern , honest and intelligent " doctor " and real leader the anc had was dr khoza who left this corrupt old fashioned party .
to be surrounded by a ' veteran ' like niehaus , the anc women 's and youth league with these 4   are indications of   the rot in the party .
ms duarte & co your rage show readers how little the anc cares about an open democratic society .
like the old apartheid regime , you attack the messengers !
uhm niggers will always have ghettos check out africa the dankest ghetto in the world
trump will collapse the economy < number > added to wall street in one year racist lowest up for blacks in history unfit mentally smoked the exam xenophobe married < number > immigrants i clearly see why liberals are pissed
i have no problem with poetry spoken rhythmically set to music it low level ghetto scum culturally appropriating the long standing european tradition that annoys me
juz had a cravin fo sum ghetto lobstah but coonent waid ta cook it up raht an sheeit
the " road - less rule " for the tongass national forest may have an unaccounted - for danger .
if global warming becomes the new norm , tongass may become a tinder - box .
no roads means no clearing kindling materials , no road access for fire - fighters , no fire - breaks ... and like yellowstone , one gigantic burn - off eventually .
in my view , much of greenpeace 's efforts leave ground for unforeseen consequences .
in my view , much of greenpeace 's efforts are designed primarily to keep getting funding ... that will be unaccountable - for .
in my view , there are a lot of well - meaning people being used by a few , to promote hidden agendas .
akilah now that is some dindu stereotypical shit right there akilah white muhfugga akilah taco when i be hungree akilah welfare check in a minute bitchez
< user > < user > < user > it a muslim immigrant man in europe this is not a white scandinavian woman thanks for your help though massive
i agree with the statement " president 's base , much of which voted for him on a promise of " america first " .
will be his push back excuse to rob canada .
where is the hue and cry from canadians for a " canada first " policy ?
my older son 's been out since childhood and one of his favorite stories is about his paternal grandfather coming to his high school awards ceremony to see him get an award for lgbtq work . "
grandpa stopped at target on the way there and showed up to the ceremony looking like rainbow brite ! "
my son thought it was this perfect shining moment to see his otherwise conservative elderly grandfather in the audience in a rainbow trucker hat and suspenders .
nothing like a 10 k walk to clear the cobwebs & amp ; get my thoughts in order .
today is another day .
i 'm still moving forwards not backwards & # 128170;&#128170;&#129304;&#129304 ;
do you consider yourself an alpha , beta or gamma male ?
@imirritating i ai nt got time for you fake ass f*gs talkin all loud in them fake ass clothes fake ass shoes match their fake ass gold i 'm the realest bitch ever to you snake ass hoes url
mr. myers , what organization provides the observational data that accuweather sells ?
it is very easy to criticize white activists if they are doing something stupid like fighting other white activists because they are from a different socialist gang
i do n't drink vodka but you sound like me but i am ten years older than you so it 's even worse .
“ donald trump helped get three black athletes released from prison in communist china today and the entire media is silent about it ” — jack posobiec
everyone on gab is cool with the exception of a few outliers most of whom are just butthurt faggots who sign up to be pouty about being insinuated against by gab merely existing gabfam
this is not about healthcare .
it 's about health insurance .
i voted for trump and am glad that i did .
of course he lied : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qirxxc2hfta   i did n't believe him then , either .
i think he was saying whatever he felt like saying , not believing he would actually be president .
this mess is only gon na get worse .
congress does n't care - they 're covered .
do you think bennet or gardner care about you ?
do n't blame the voters .
all politicians are the same .
our vote ca n't fix this .
we can , and should , replace them all , but do n't expect a fix .
most people are covered through their employers .
society 's poor ( including slackers ) and rich are covered .
you know who has to pay for all this .
they do n't care .
/r / okcupid " men , let 's talk about how much easier we have it than women when it comes to everything else "
the signs are there .
this joseph guy does n't have it in his disposition or leadership skills .
i knew this from listening to him speak .
no discipline , no consequences , a " players coach " completely manipulated by the players .
zero halftime adjustments in the 4 losses .
that 's the biggest clue of all of a coach in way over his head .
feminism is n't the effect of society portraying men as predators , that 's literally all feminists spew on the internet .
not to mention , rape is taken hella seriously in the west .
you can get more time than murdering someone in some cases i believe .
mans a winner whether you like him or not & amp ; most games we 've lost or drawn can be attributed to our lack of clinical finishing , not tactics .
with sticking the atomic black pill it can no lounger reach the top with is a good decision since we should n't draw more normies in , sage decision it was a good battle gentleman
are you using the bomb threats as a political tool to attempt to score points over another american ?
are you attempting to assign me a feeling i do n't have ?
you must be a republican .
they only people i know that know how everyone is going to react and how everyone feels out side themselves .
i am not disgruntled .
this has not turned out .
it is the start of the investigation into the jewish bombing threats .
i have not used it to score points on trump , but you seem intent on using it to try and score points on those that you feel are against you .
i am not a hateful person .
i am a loving person that is full of laughter and love for my fellow man .
why do you feel the need to paint anyone that differs in opinion or is just stating facts is some broken person all hateful and disgruntled .
you do know that people that disagree with you can do so without either of you being wrong correct ?
stupid cuck tarantino deserves to be shot honestly for his effort in trying to emasculate asian males .
fugly ass wigger bitch .
o # litmpagtatapat # fpjapbalikbilibid # mdhkasagutan it will never change baby mclisse iwfil onstarmusic
my favorite kind of asian girl 😂
ilmar omar is such a us - hating woman and you - f***ing cbs - as an american news outlet make yourself common with such a terrorist favoring creature .
disgusting .
no patriotism , no love for the own country .
go down the drain .
you will follow cnn .
what does lgbtq stand for ?
let god burn the queers
uneducated white beta males make the best trumpanzees .
ook ook !
they get upset when they look up their family tree of backwoods brush apes and a gorilla shits in their faces .
@worldstar dababy ai n't even a baby .
he a grown ass man lol
eww i hate niggas that ’ why i ’ m lesbian 🥰
had plans with my girlfriend , but she 's ditched them to play rainbow 6 siege with her other girlfriend .
looks like i 'm the april fool :(
it ain t about black or white cause we are all humans
if canada built fighter aircraft , we would have to build them for international sale too in order to be economically viable .
we ca n't even build lav 's without an existential crisis that the purchasers may use them in ways for which we do not approve ( i.e. like firing the guns ) .
seems like we believe in a military as long as it is n't actually used .
how dare you objectify women you tasteless fiend .
disgusting pigs like you ought to be locked in cages .
i will only see to respecting transgenders for there mental illness and that they need to go get a government ... and stay out of polical offices and schools influence and leadership ..
also want to point out that i do understand that requiring biology to prove a behavior “ scientifically real ” can be perceived as implying that people with the behavior are abnormal / damaged / malfunctioning .
so yeah , not great .
assuming being “ transrace ” for a wholly social reason is possible - would you then say that it is fair for a person to criticize that stance as one would criticize any disagreeable - to - them aspect of a person ’s chosen lifestyle ?
2 take from 1 , b / c it 's thought his own industry , has acquired too much , in order 2 spare 2 others , who have n't exercised equal industry & skill , is 2 violate the first principle of association , the guarantee 2 everyone the free exercise of his industry & the fruits acquired by it .
tjefferson ( 1816 )
finally got my new toy today a new touchscreen laptop so i 'll be toying with it today testing all different kinds of video features so that 's what i 'll be doing
for people saying indians shit on streets , pls do n't worry about us .
94 % of the people have access to toilets but what can we do ?
there is no toilet in the world to flush out shit like you .
in the current year , progs tell us darwin stood for secular truth against religious orthodoxy , but they say man 's penis can be made into a vagina and jesus died so that homos and trannies can get ' married ' .
and the lesson is that the only just king of the white race is christ the only path to a white nation is his coming kingdom
@karenrinor @kristinleighqu2 trump in his own words , " i am the most fabulous whiner " and " i keep whining until i win " this is typical trump playing the racist game us vs them .
us white republicans against them .
for white republicans it is a right to be in the us for everybody else its a privilege .
the media did n't emphasize enough how this idiot recited the shahada in the presence of two muslim males back in 2013 which is the necessary condition that converts one to islam .
by all rights he is a converted muslim .
yes send her back get terrorists out of usa
if i had a dollar for every gender ... ..... i 'd have $ 2 and a ton of counterfeit bills .
muslim goathumping shit should have his eyes put out with a burning poker
oj made history by being the 1st black man that was involved in the death of a white woman , that bought his way out of a death sentence by hiring a dream team of lawyers .
that ability had only been a white privilege before him .
the daily mail thinks that its incriminating to say nigger
look at this fucking fagget
i fuck on yo hoe and then go home to my bitch
racial bias is alive and so is pedestrian bias ... you are not in a car ?
you are a second class citizen if you not encased in a couple of thousand pounds of plastic and steel .
my account showed wired activity after my last thread 
 sounds like the fbi to me , should i be worried ?
who radicalized this man ?
url
men should not be getting shamed for being a virgin since sex is way harder for them to get
hi !
i 'm a bi girl going into my second year , the lgbtq scene is pretty big , but not super organized .
in my case , i just ended up making friends who also happened to be gay !
i 've noticed that actually a large percent of honors students are lgbtq so if you are in honors that s something to look out for !
dope that he had an epiphany about african culture 🌍 ✊ 🏾
raindrawp drawp top i look like a faggot in a crop top
were the kardasians jenners raised to be coal burners or what i mean the mom married a crazy white man that thinks he s a lady you think she raised them not to like white guys
this is an extremely sexist thing for you to say here .
especially since your comments here are based on pure conjecture , and noting else .
are you so very ignorant , that you do not realize what sort of uniform a female patrol officer in the eugene police department wears ?
it would take a very sick and disturbed mind to jump to   such conclusions as you have done here in your comments , blaming this woman for her dress , without knowing any actual facts .
there are words to describe men that have attitudes like yours .
justin !
just resign .
how can you possibly defend yourself after comments about cancelling the tax credit for " wealthy " commuters in toronto that take the go train ?
have you ever commuted in toronto ?
do you care it is the cheaper less conjestive option that boosts the toronto economy by reducing grid lock .
i guess not - its better in the bahamas .
that go train comment lost my vote a long time ago .
vote conservative ! ! !
oh and the pipeline debacle ...
i 'm not gay , but i 'll sometimes , you know , flirt with other girls or pretend to make out with them because that 's funny .
only thing small here is your genitalia fucktard
i never said becoming a minority holy shit .
i just want the mentality to change and some new blood here and there .
it 's good for a nation to mature and grow .
< user > encourage more jihadis to spit
bitches sick behind a nigga
now that the world is starting to see him for what he is , he must be living in a perpetual cloud of disappointment . #
stopwadhwa2015
part 2 
 on the other hand , your attempt to attribute the clerical sex abuse scandal to the phenomenon of gay priests is spurious , imho .
the fact that most of the victims are male , which appears to be your essential evidence , is just not relevant .
frequently sex abusers , straight or gay , are essentially sexually underdeveloped , sexually immature , even to the point if some cases of not having yet figured out with clarity their own sexual orientation .
sadly , pubescent boys are simply the most readily available objects for their immaturity to express itself .
also , given that at least 50 % of our clergy are gay , as i have suggested , we would expect 50 % of sex abusers to be gay if there is no correlation between sexual orientation and sex abuse .
since the population at large assumes far fewer priests are gay , its not hard to see how the delusion associating gays and sex abuse can arise -- anecdotal impressions regularly mislead us .
you create an a story & amp ; drastically changed it to a b story which aka you fucked up
what a fucking loser why do n't you just cheat on your wife like the rest of us
< user > gay as in not replicating heteronormativity but queer as in not getting fixated or worrying abt stuff that still retains elements of that which we attempt to eschew
it 's okay , i have gay friends .
pull the dick out of your ass and kill yourself .
aoc and her followers are mentally ill .
" .ruraltrust is previewing release of its biennial report , " " why rural matters " " .
changes to census data appear to undercount rural students . "
america was born off the genocide of native children , and the enslavement of black children .
if you want to play that game , i can tango .
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
+ myjourni i feel great , i 'm white
you 're the one claiming it has to do with dna ... your words , not mine .
that 's super racist .
it has nothing to do with dna you fucking moron .
japan is safe cause there are very few crimes committed in the country , while if you look at colombia , brazil , and south africa , they have murders on par with chicago .
it 's dangerous there because there are frequent murders , and a higher percentage of the people there commit violent crimes .
you ca n't possible be this stupid .
in my defense , my post was entirely facetious ! ! !
[ eyes rolling ] 

 i can not , for the life of me , understand why i ever rely on my memory for anything ....
niggas be so comfortable with being useless lmfao url
canada refugee board abruptly changes its scheduling system amid surging backlog
i 'm a pretty tolerant person about most things .
you 're gay ?
great !
you 're trans ?
great !
you 're straight ?
great !
the list goes on .
but if you 're a " minor attracted person " or any other dumbass name for creepy ass pedophile , fuck off .
you 're not part of the lgbt you 're disgusting .
straights gay people are not even bullied or in danger anymore can we stop with these gay rights in reality me breathes triggered cis white male you fucking faggot i will fuck you up you are going to burn in hell you fucking sissy fuck faggot i d murder you all if i could
oh please , dumbfuck men will do all the killing and dieing while the hoes suddenly discover their " traditional " sides en masse .
ms < number > and arabs pouring into the us from the south
that is the real punishment here .
bitch is 27 now .
baby rabies are going to hit real soon .
and she 'll be in there , incarcerated , surrounded only by hookers and drug dealers and who knows what other female trash .
no chad cock in sight .
not even a beta cock she would otherwise have rejected without a second thought .
the clock just ticking away , those ovaries screaming and withering , titties sagging .
tick - tock .
tick - tock .
the american answer for everything : an armed presence .
always thought it utterly ridiculous and over - the - top when returning to hnl from overseas to have my passport looked at by some bored civil servant with a 9 mm strapped to his / her waist , when in other civilized countries , it 's checked by pleasant , efficient and unarmed people .
ozawa is a clown ... like all his other fellow council doofuses
try telling those low income disabled whites who have lost their housing due to immigrants taking the social housing those who are too scared to walk down the streets that they benefit from islam what a liar
your a dumb ass you ca nt fight lol pussy do something about it pussy be for i fuck your mom homeboy
having an opinion - period - requres a thick skin -male , female , black , white - whatever
if it been done i am unaware of it i have always wondered what would happen if a gay person called up a mohammedan baker and requested a cake be made
bts outtake from my cover shoot with gay times for their june summer of pride 2019 issue .
have ya'll subscribed to @gaytimesmag ? ? ?
url
that 's right would have to be at least two more because someone is going to need to shut your whore mouth up while my cock rapes your asshole over and over again while daddy 's other friend is in your slutty little cunt .
only america would shut down the whole ass government over a fucking wall you all president retarded
look no further , i 'll start off fucking that pretty face till you 're a gagging , sloppy , slutty mess and slap that ass like i already fuckin own it
and any 40 year old man that fucks 16 year old girls deserves to be euthanized
many of the comments supporting khadr have focused on the law as the reason for the support .
certainly the law is very clear as was the ruling from the supreme court .
however for many the issue is the amount .
the courts did not grant a settlement , nor did they name any amount , his lawyers asked for 20m. the government chose not to go to court and settle for 10m. the assumption being that the government lawyers felt that they would lose , however they could not know what the judge would decide in terms of the amount .
choosing to pay seems to be the biggest sticking point for many , and if the government had fought and lost , it would have been an easier sell .
as for the apology , the whole apology business has gotten way out of hand .
by not fighting the case any longer and settling with such a large amount should be apology enough .
this ritual grovelling has gone far enough , as it demonstrates a certain weakness in our government and our leaders that they need to seek forgiveness .
go live with your beloved niggers should be the only response to this kind of shit from now on oh u hate white ppl do u live in a shitty ghetto with blacks y not
i 'm seeing a lot in common with all these men abusing positions of power to sexually harass women :   they 're liberal / democrats .
i guess bill clinton was a role model after all .
bad hockey !
bad management , bad coaching , and poor play from players .
vegas totally out classed every aspect of the avalanche organization .
perhaps the avs would be better off to start from scratch : new ownership , new management , new coaches , and new players !
what a sad , vicious little man --- he needs help .
nowonair reachrequestshow rrs with < user > tunein np ghetto love < user > imo owerri music newmusic
" i 'm a fan of dreadlocks .
i could never do it .
charlie looks good with them though . "
sexy wish i could fuck that ass .
wanna snap eachother and get off
we have been told we need immigrants to help with our economy complete bollocks most of them are low skilled and are on benefits another lie by the establishment to flood us with people we do not want or need
the guy wants to be run over so next time give it the freakin gas ! ! ! ! ! !
i 'm making a goal to go to my asexual friends and let them know that they 're valid <3
will kivi ever fucking learn our powerplay tactics do n't work ! #
ilves
fuck that lady .
i guess it really doesn ’ t matter what sign or what placements a man has they all retarded 😕
i show do like the jeffersons .
dat george make me wanna open up a dry cleaning stow and call all da white folk honkey
i 'd going trick or treating with my gran tonight .
it ’s the only time i can take her out as she ’s been dead for ten years .
and the lesson is that the only just king of the white race is christ the only path to a white nation is his coming kingdom
ha , do n't forget ... " and of course , recent surveys say do it , ordain women .
so lets follow man .
following jesus is so over - rated " .
# breaking : confirmed ef1 short track tornado touched down near sharpsburg , ga in eastern coweta county yesterday .
the latest at 11
and i 'd rather go to hell than be some kind of subhuman retard like you .
actually , they will be raised by there mother along with their father , the us government .
yes yes but it is never mentioned it would be racist i was watching some fashion show with all faces walking the runway i thought soon they will want only white women as they realize the globe is filled with black and brown faces minority white hires with no guilt
make nazi scum lose their jobs < number >
sounds like bryson was looking for something by reopening this ..... wonder what that could be ?
fucken nasty bitch
says you .
niggas tell me come down and this shit get shut down 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️
milo yiannopoulos is a senior editor at breitbart news .
the creeps at breitbart prop him up because , as a self - loathing gay man , my is useful to them .
they promoted his “ tour ” from the get - go : " suck it up buttercups : dangerous f*ggot tour returns in september ” ( 7/6/2016 ): www.breitbart.com/milo/2016/07/06/milo-yiannopoulos-dangerous-******-tour-returns-campuses-fall/ 
 my is pathetic , more to be pitied than scorned .
his message consists of right wing cliches that are notable only because they are spewed by a gay man who both encourages gay men to stay in the closet and flaunts his own homosexuality for profit .
people have every right to protest if they so choose .
they do not have the right to commit violence , to do harm , to cause damage ; they especially do n’t have the right to stop the man from speaking .
it ’s not only wrong in principle , it 's also incredibly stupid .
it transforms a pathetic figure into a sympathetic one .
you are absolutely right : " sunlight is the best disinfectant . "
that 's a ridiculous thing to say !
he could have killed her .
sounds like it was close .
way to blame the victim .
the prison system is filled with the young and dumb .
poor impulse control is what put the majority of them behind bars .
just like this guy .
he 's a danger to those around him .
well i do n't agree with 90 % of what you have to say .
we both hope he does n't have children .
i ca n't stand it when stupid people breed .
sadly they seem to be doing the most of it .
that man has no business being around any kind of weapon .
i hope the army gives him the boot .
and i hope the young lady he strangled makes better life decisions .
let uaa engineering department figure what out ? ?
that 30k is not enough to remove and maintain the bridge even if the engineering plan is free !
it would be a exercise in futility to do this .
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
news : man to stand trial over alleged arson attack https://t.co/hsfwqmtelx # essex https://t.co/jbefqovzpd
yummy !
i come !
i come now !
hope you got specials for a single eater .
why are so many non jews celebrating when so many israeli jews support and back the influx of migrants into europe and north america it some sort of victory for jews but how is it a victory for non jews why would i give a rat ass
it 's origin comes from people associating those with downs to looking like mongols from the country of mongolia   source : my slightly racist f 70 year old father
arsenal is a fucking small club with a lot of noise makers called fans livars
i was a substitute teacher for the jackson mississippi public school system in the late 1990 's .
please people please stop posting photos of that ulgy bitch that lost the election and of that moslem faggot that never was president please i m sick of their faces
< user > immigrants welcome criminal illegal aliens should be deported and maybe we can save the < number > billion a year we waste on them
and how long would the democrats remain silent over this ?
ah passing as in " passing as " .
my brain went straight to " passing by " and i was wondering why to celebrate a relationship that 's almost over . *
facepalm * .
thanks a lot !
and i kind of relate to how you feel .
i 'm not 100 percent sure what kind of queer i am .
i know that i 'm not straight and that 's important to me , but i feel like i ca n't come out properly because i have n't quite figured out my label yet .
i , too , am a bit afraid people will think i 'm just drawing attention to myself , when i ca n't say if i 'm bi or a lesbian .
thanks for explaining and sharing !
when the # democrats shut down gov't last time , they blamed republicans 

 and , obama shut down agencies that would hurt # wethepeople 

 # presidenttrump will force # democrats to own this shutdown 

 and he will shut down agencies they hold near and dear so they feel the pain this time
too many issues with nuclear .
disposal and or recycling of spent nuclear fuel is non - existent despite promises that have been made every year for the last 30 + years , costs are outrageous , god forbid an accident due to natural forces or bad engineering and costs and consequences would be catastrophic making hi completely uninhabitable .
get over it , pushing nuclear is like frank pushing maglev as a solution for the rail issues .
lol go move to fukushima if you want nuclear , they got more than they can handle on their hands .
lol
i would fuck your little white boy pussy until you die , ur just another beta whitey pretending to be black on the internet , fucking bitch
and you 're gay because you 're gay
no , i must have two or three kids and teach them to be racially - aware .
< user > all race baiting rabble rouser obama did was foment violence and god is going to punish his vile little muslim $ $
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > hey < user > there is a maldivian refugee living in canada who is stoking islamophobia and hatred and living off canadian welfare please look < user > up for tos violations < user > < user > < user > < user > < user >
what am i , gay ? ...
yes ! ! ! !
happy # pridemonth ! !
we wanna do our bit as members of the lgbt community , so we 're running a preorder for some lgbt charity vinyl stickers !
20 % of profits will be donated fund lgbt+ advocacy !
peep and purchase here : url url
call others ignorant and stupid say 4 th grade level things about a topic you have not researched what was it like learning about your white guilt for 1 0 0 k a year did it make you feel like a good person
what ’s a transgender ’s favorite tie ?
a rope .
lel , i have a dentist appointment in a bit even tho it was supposed to be yesterday but it got changed
have links in bios been fucking up for anyone else
yes ty i will fight till the end no one will make me shut up speaking out on islam and its danger you over in the usa have some good people on that as well likebill warner robert spencer and pamella geller check their websites cspi jihadwatch org and pamelageller com
[ winpc followup ] print in ultra mode - general discussion
trey songz went in on that " looking ass bitches " reply to nicki & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
steele wasik one - ups his teammates and wins the event with a time of 14.52s @texansports # texasrelays
sick of being treated like a fucking doormat by everyone
for normies that claim that they are willing to talk to us and claim that are willing to listen to us vent .
memo to self : trump can do no right .
obama / clinton could do no wrong .
there , now i understand .
he got follower in presiden of s_africa jacob gedleyihlekisa zuma expelled all white farmers
this is the time to buy drug stocks because this gentleman like his brothers , are stressing out to the max and will need more than their usual meds to calm down and stay healthy .
i live around the big city people and know their disdain for the regular guy but i work for the regular guy he 's the " hero " that 's always kept this country alive and safe .
thank you .
surveying gender is easy because there 's only male and female .
how can someone my age ( 15 ) get involved in the advocacy of men 's rights ?
rudy budesky ... don't bother with the " i 'm a libertarian " thing .
libertarian means you 're a republican .
whether you voted for trump or not makes no difference .
it 's just like all the people that voted for bernie sanders or hillary clinton are a different segments of the democratic party , you are a different segment of the republican party .
hi cliduck , it is absurd that in 2019 one of our neighbors hesitates to access healthcare due to lived experiences of discrimination .
we 're working on it and are developing resources to help folks in our community so no one feels ostracized .
i 'll be sure to update this subreddit when we add to this [ waha lgbtq+ resource list](url - content / uploads/2019/04/5.21.2019 - lgbtq - english.pdf ) :)
mosquito deadass piss me off blud if u gon na suck sumn suck my dick at least god dayumm 😤
by " our government " ... ag chin 's name rings a loud " ding " ! ! !
i thought two intelligence officials leaked the info to nunes in the white house ?
did they give it to trump / his administration first ?
hey if the left want refugees so bad over here bring on the swedish blondes lol
i 'm laughing at how the apologists for white privilege love to make excuses for their theft of other people 's ideas as " inspiration " , " cultural appropriation " , " influenced by " or some other generic spin .
contrast their hypocrisy with how they accuse china of " theft " or " copying " for doing exactly the same thing .
< user > < user > it a parody they wrote it down then sent it to you the only ones who voted were the breitbart staff though the staff are all white supremacy nazis not all of them voted for you suck it up buttercup
the pen may be mightier than the sword , 

 but a sword wo nt leak in your pocket , ruining a good pair of trousers .
this makes me want to gay bash myself .
rt @geezzzus : do n't no woman want a man that acts like a bitch
hey , i am ^mostly straight , and my 20 year old brother is gay , married , and happy , i support his life decisions and i love him regardless , i respect you guys over in the lgbtq community and hope you guys triumph over homophobic people
u not looking at a bitch u can hold back
only six hours until i get place my arse in front of the laptop and play uunnnggghhh yes i love weekends
but the armenian genocide was just a prank
chick on the left having a mental meltdown lmao
this black girl too fine damn
well why do n't you tell us what drives us policy ?
us policy has been manipulated by fake " wars " right ?
like the war on poverty .
we give away zillions of dollars and think that will encourage people to work .
the war on drugs .
we have open borders thinking if we arrest all the criminals they will run out of drugs .
the " war against racism . "
if we call white people evil and attack police , racism will go away .
we 've also declared war on the rich .
if we get rid of rich people by taxing all their money , all the other people will suddenly be rich and that will be ok ?
these are all the brilliant plans of the liberals , not israel .
how do these horny idiots get anything done i swear they 're hooking up 23/7 url
according to the star advertiser 's 1st news article , there was a female in unit 2602 where the fire started at the time it started .
reportedly she only had seconds to get out due to thick , black , choking smoke .
reportedly she crawled on the ground , just escaped down the stairwell .
also stated was that she 's related to the apartment owners , same last name .
right now looks like she is the best source of info .
wonder if they interviewed her yet and she did not lawyer up .
oh you mean like count dankula who a self admitted communist with a tattoo of a red star on his chest who just got convicted of being a nazi because he white cowards like you find it very easy to attack the enemies of the jews
it 's hard to get out of bed when you have to go do something you do n't want to do .
i 'm glad you pointed this out that anti - bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .
one time i got so wasted i ending up sleeping with my sister .
usually we just fuck .
unarmed women and children are a huge threat to cowards that wear diapers and carry guns url
shut the fuck up pagan faggot
wew !
@esagermany are showing the donation messages on src !
i 've realized that i and the rest of the @oddworldinc ru … https://t.co/5uekgqkcac
handivan riders are too poor to pay an extra $ .50 a ride ?
really ?
and if the handivan was to go away their transportation costs would skyrocket .
raise the fee by $ .50 , they will do just fine .
not like we are talking big dollars here .
it is over if you are not a g e n e t i c a l l y s u p e r i o r m a l e
< user > < user > keep running to russia you nazi sympathizer
anyway , things were good until he started talking about purifying her soul and a ceremony he wanted to do with her where she would be naked and he would prepare her .

nigga andrew and x been telling me since like 11 ' everything 's for sale and legit everything is for sale you tell me a great number lol
i am not homophobic faggot
the left already has sessions , trump & the kitchen sink impeached , fired and waterboarded .
there is an ongoing investigation into the clinton foundation .
pay for play , emails , wonky weiner & many other suspicious activities during the 8 years of anti american rule .
oboma 's hands are dirt & blood .
when the " leakers " turn on their masters the oboma " crew " will fall like dominoes .
when a snowflake is faced with a tickle feather they melt like butter balls .
the fast pass lane to " cut a deal " will have the fbi overwhelmed .
oh , and as far as these alleged sessions meetings .
the first one was a speech to a large gathering of ambassadors & another in a group setting as well .
trump speech showed the left underbelly- hands on asses- offending 70 % of people watching .
the heartless comment from " jabba the hutt " ( milky moo moo moore ) on a military hero 's wife is an insult even to the fleas that infest his under arms .
right can just stand back- left is in life support mode
gorsuch on supreme court will twist constitution & amp ; jeopardize voting rights & amp ; rule in favor of big business & amp ; wealthy # makeamericagreatagain
i 'd impale that cock in my mouth and throat and suck the hell out of if .
until you grabbed my head to fuck my mouth hard and blast a load down my throat .
👄 💦 🍆
i 'm sick of these fine ass niggas being fucking fetuses
... you 're just a bottom sissy faggot who lives for taking it up the ass 😊
they are only < number > of the world population and trying to pretend that obama jarrett clintons do not love the muzzies more than the jews is just laughable but you keep laser focused on those jews ok someone has to stay behind
unless the tree of life is business underneath all of that , what 's the value when compared to millions of lives
you all i am so ghetto it not even funny how i talk to and around these white people and they think it so cool 😭
why are cishets so fucking boring ?
their conversations are so boring and they 're always so late to everything
considering many europeans have now been raped and killed horriby by islamic hoardes i wonder what the media reaction when the backlash comes it is bound to happen no doubt they will condemn it as a white nazi hate crime and come down hard on anyone critical of islam banislam
i will not tolerate non arab women slandering arab men only our camel jockey queens can call us zbele
awesome !
maybe now they can finally pass another equal pay for women bill and another anti lynching bill
i seriously ca n't find me a faithful guy from my town , they a bunch of hoes and annoying mfs
we need to use the report feature more against normies that troll and attack us 
 maybe they 'll finally get the hint
no , he 's giving arms to saudi arabia .
you know , the one 's who killed a journalist because he called them out on their evil , and where the vast majority of terrorists usually come from .
last time i checked , mexicans did n't bring down the trade center towers , did they , princess ?
url
only autistic faggots think a thing only exists if it has < number > crisp borders do you not think we know what blue is lol what a fag
stupid bitch i 'd love to stamp on her head and spit on her
.@martaservice trains are currently running on time .
we encourage motorists to use kissride parking . #
85bridgecollapse
a lot of niggas fail but i wo n't , a lot of niggas fold but i cope 🙇 🏾‍ ♂ ️
you said you are a man .
yet you are being called a terf .
you 're completely disproving your entire argument that it 's solely aimed at women .
this is ridiculously transparent .
great nazi faggot
you inserted the word , and continue to insert the word , psychic , clearly a boy of the 1960s .
your understanding of grace is very calvinist .
in the words   of mr hobbit " you 're not the final arbiter " of what my ( and st paul 's ) understanding grace and spirit .
and apparently you have a deficient understanding of soul too .
what bs loser , the oil and gas industry does not get subsidies , they create the taxes you loser lefties use for subsidies ... but you lunatics on the left think that because they pay a certain tax rate that is lower than you think it should be such is a subsidy , man you guys need to take a business course
were the founding fathers blacks and hispanics and asians can you tell me because i am color blind
reading today about the senseless impasse in iraq 's government , i felt a moment of anger that we were ever so stupid as to make ourselves responsible for that place .
then i remembered the alaska legislature .
i m , i hate black people and minorities
he said more than that .
check the transcript ; mueller will .
margaret is not a freelancer -- she 's a died ( sic ) in the wool globe regular .
she also loves to borrow ideas from u.s. writers , and their research too .
canadian post - secondary education is crawling with business professors and entrepreneurial bias .
go , capitalism , go .
god help the few left wingers left on campuses .
they are too old to keep up the good fight much longer .
users are prohibited from calling for the acts of violence against others < user > this rule needs serious clarification if i say this person deserves to die or gas the kikes race war now or if these people keep it up they will end up getting killed are these bannable offenses
potential economic impact ?
that 's funny .
as for your birth cert , my guess is that if you wear a dress and have a 5 o'clock shadow you might want to keep it close if you plan on changing cloths at a public pool .
i do n't understand why the fight over this .
naked men with naked little girls = bad plan .
if you want to be different that 's on you .
if you suffer a mental disorder , my heart goes out to you , but what you want as a remedy does not work for the rest of us .
blacks fucked themselves by going for lbj great society programs hook line and sinker he said aboard af < number > after the law was passed i will have those niggers voting democrat for the next < number > years he was right
and we all know bisexuals are just on the road to being gay .
if i had 5 $ for every gender ... i would have 10 $ and a lot of counterfeit money .
man fuck these bitches
women football announcers are so bad ratings dropped another < number > as nfl ncaa used women announcers this weekend to make up for the sexual harassment of nfl owners
technology started with africans and will probably end with africans .
good luck with that .
eek .
< user > < user > the man cheated repeatedly assaulted women raped women hillary used detectives to ruin their lives how is it gutsy choosing to remain with a man who can not even man up and admit he raped juanita broderick that not gutsy < user >
bitch you a dog and your homegirl too , ayy url
just because they are in super max does not mean they will never be out among us again .
sorry mods , i posted this twice by mistake so you can kill this thread and leave the other as i ca nt seem to be able to delete it .
we really do not need to see king mo and rampage go at it again that was fucking terrible
“ donald trump helped get three black athletes released from prison in communist china today and the entire media is silent about it ” — jack posobiec
fox and fiends at it again .
there are no nazi patriots faggot
men should all die in a fire honestly they are a threat to the world
thanks !
it 's because gay
you got niggas , and i got bitches .
i found my first genuine retard on gab
fuck you your the bloody communist faggots q qanon fakenews thestorm twatter twitter maga greatawakening
there 's probably 6000 tickets left for friday 's game .
this story sure makes one want to run out and buy one before they sell out .
the sad part is more people will go to the game because they want to see minnesota   and uaf rather than uaa .
more tickets would be sold if uaf and minnesota played both nights and uaa took the weekend off .
sorry , i got confused about another privilege in regards to both parties becoming separated in order to be monastics , like what happened to gregory the great .
thanks for the correction .
gab day i think it a great day to get the word out to all of our friends family coworkers and fellow countryman about where to find a real uncensored free speech community to replace that globalist internet spying ghetto called twitter let make today gabday
unfortunately , the majority of these mexicans are roman catholic .
if they could renounce catholicism and convert to islam , justin would appreciate it .
we only support and protect certain religions in canada .
# tuckerhighlights 10/17/17 : 

 -tax relief for middle class : trump educates the normies 
 -jabba the weinstein 's brother also sexual predator 
 -fbi uncovers massive russian / clinton bribery scheme 
 -msm & leftards ' russian hacking story falls apart 
 -drugs killed more people in 2016 than entire vietnam war
technically there is a problem .
it is politically impossible to check the identities behind veil and burqa ..
abandon the chair , it was nt yours anyway to begin with .
just likw that mexican judge that looked whitw , and spoke more english thhan trump,,trump told him to go be proud in mexico ... hey black man , where will he send you ?
guinea africa ?
you ve all been fondled with after all your hard work ... why ?
are you comortable now ?
< user > ranking of jokers in order heath ledger joaquin phoenix jared leto
@kinkyguykent yeah i would say it 's not homophobic , it is heteronormative as fuck .
i know gay people that would say the same thing .
> incelosphere ahh .
> self obsessed foid that thinks whoring in europe for 2 months is totally just as fulfilling as rearing a child it makes so much sense .
how mad are you that you 're child free not by your own choice ?
so many problems would be solved by the mass execution of a few billion humans , the world would be a better place you say ?
can you provide a couple of examples the problems which would be solved and how the world would be a better place ?
i 'm figuratively dying to know .
no celebrity should speak out for gun control unless < number > they forgo owning any guns themselves < number > they forgo armed security for themselves or their property < number > they refuse to make any movie or tv show that depicts or glamorizes guns or gun violence
yep we have a play book in mein kampf with a few tweaks for today and i honestly think the jews have been using it against us tbh fam
i wish this faggot would die already someone send him a pepe strobe gif and cause him to stroke out
apparently , you do n't understand politics , which makes it remarkable that you spout off in regard to it every day .
hey guys we 're gon na host a rick and morty re - watch skype call .
message me to be added to the group !
2 - 3 episodes a night , 10pm est
5:34 straight bros being gay is hella cute
i would think a preschooler could take the current yearly amount and multiply by 10 .
one only needs to add a zero to make that calculation .
your a stupid little whore whose only purpose is to be a worthless hole to take cum inside your hopeless body .
yo … — you 're * but at least you tried ya know url
@samtrap84 in this world we do n't spank the monkey the monkey spanks us .
can all you # faggots keep your hateful # hottakes to yourselves .
you 're right , they * have . *
keyword .
back in the day , you lived in a closed market , 10 boys and 10 girls in the village , everyone gets married .
now , females are on tinder being part of chad 's harem which spans a 50 mile radius around him , and the virginity rates among millennial males are the highest they have ever been for this age bracket in history .
this inequality will lead to friction , stress , and violence over time .
hi .
not just a commenter .
he is guilty .
personal knowledge .
he abused my cousins and brothers .
this man was once my uncle .
absolutely guilty !
unfortunately his dad abused him .
his dad is probably the sickest worst man in this planet !
so sad that he had to follow in his footsteps .
but he absolutely is guilty and deserves every to rot in prison !
settlement and its naturalization then condi tioned the emergence of modern queer formations including their inheritance and sustaining of colonial biopolitics in the form of settler homonationalism
rt @blackrichyrich : every nigga 
 new hoe is 
 da next niggas old hoe
unfortunately , a positive experience does n't cancel out a negative .
and playing the " cool girl " game is n't a good look for anyone .
that goes for anybody who disrespects our armed forces i think it should be a crime and the punish for that crime is to be exiled from our nation
rt @lanebelgarde : @gillis_seth yeah right queer .
the only piece of ass you 've ever got is when it finger broke thru the toilet paper&#128514 ;
< user > correction 6 th grade black girl who said she was held down by three white boys who cut her dreads has admitted her story was false ftfy this is how it was reported by every msm outlet lets not allow the details to be forgotten
defending muslims being in europe saying that islam is nt the greatest threat to the white race pick one kys for having the reading comprehension of a goat
two inside out vaginas is n't that a dick it 's not like i have a uterus and ovaries hanging off my tip
< user > < user > hi i hate asians
< user > puppy no i was alone i am not a nazi white supremacist or any other type of person i am < number > southern i support traditional values and all things with southern culture i support anything that saves confederate monuments and history
< user > i know that you think that white peoples ate racist and hate you but there are a lot of people who love this country and their god given rights they love their president too many of these people have put their lives in the line over seas just saying
sickening .
i despise republicans and their jackboot approach to " governing " .
if you do n't want abortions , then get the deadbeat , missing , and running men to face their responsibility equal with the woman 's .
that ' would cut the rate by 90 % !
you wicked , cruel , and phony republicans will do anything for a fetus and nothing for the child !
you bastards !
so judgemental !
women are told it is vital to smell fresh .
talc is a mineral .
i doubt anyone would place an entire dispenser of jandj into their panties by their genitals .
the public is in the dark until someone dies or is harmed .
tobacco anyone ?
same idea .
my turn .
viagra is a placebo .
that little blue pill you fellows believe makes your johnson into a johnson is a fake .
i can not believe you strong , superior dudes believe this blue pill is what turns you into " what every woman desires " .
use some common sense fellows .
if it 's time for your pal to retire as he just ca n't stand for what he believes in , consider yourself lucky .... it 's womenopause ( the male version of menopause ) .
no more issues with johnson rising when he should n't .
failing to rise when he should .
frankly , how you deal with such a disrespectful body part .... you really are tolerant .
my compliments .
gone are the days of a full frontal salute .
now , it 's a head nod as he watches you tie your shoes .
" stays the course : " " given her enduring influence , it ’s worth considering what the woman who founded planned parenthood contributed to the eugenics movement .
sanger shaped the eugenics movement in america and beyond in the 1930s and 1940s .
her views and those of her peers in the movement contributed to compulsory sterilization laws in 30 u.s. states that resulted in more than 60,000 sterilizations of vulnerable people , including people she considered “ feeble - minded , ” “ idiots ” and “ morons . ”
she even presented at a ku klux klan rally in 1926 in silver lake , n.j. " " in a letter to clarence gable in 1939 , sanger wrote : “ we do not want word to go out that we want to exterminate the negro population , and the minister is the man who can straighten out that idea if it ever occurs to any of their more rebellious members ” ( margaret sanger commenting on the ‘ negro project ’ in a letter to gamble , dec. 10 , 1939 ) . "
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/may/5/grossu-margaret-sanger-eugenicist/
too bad lobotomies went out of style .
if we did , we would n't accept a single lie , but we let them lie to us , then we feign anger about something that is irrelevant ? ?
this has nothing to do with her sex .
it has to do with he brainless performance .
if she was a man she 'd be more like prime minister zoolander .
we have no problem with her being a female .
we have a problem with her being a liar , and incompetent .
he will win , you obviously have no clue about alberta politics .
men are so ugly and gross i wish u would all drop dead
do not blow your horn at me cuz you can not drive bitch
you have to remember their preferred male target is a white male .
preferably an old , white male .
the only group you can attack with impunity .
" rt @bruiserbrady : i 'm in fucking tears @ " " did you say shrek ? " " "
it 's about that time .. to decapitate my disgusting cock and finally be a man free of sin
whether or not one chooses to eat meat is a very personal decision .
they should bring back the new scooby - doo movies i would love to see scooby - doo meets the tsarnaev brothers .
and this is the thanks the bitch gives
why is this thing being dragged along at a snail 's pace ?
either get to the bottom of it , or let it be .
i ca n't stand the orange dude , but nothing else gets accomplished in government until this gets resolved .
< user > lol keyboard warrior what happened you actually decided to read the kirk propaganda and felt armed throwing a homophobic slur at me is no insult only insecure closet gays like you think queer an insult 🤡 🤡 🤡
" the trudeau government has responded with a carefully calibrated response : stating that women have the right to dress as they want . . . "
but do n't the rest of us have the right to be free of people wearing masks in our midst ?
gag the fag !
url
junior just says ' great job xi ' , but keep the cash flowing to his liberal croneys .
shame on london 's muslim mayor , he attacks trump during a visit to pakistan , a country that executes christians for false charges of blasphemy .
jerusalem was , is and will always remain the capital of israel whether sadiq khan likes it or not .
url
i knew i was gay the minute i saw adrienne chanel ’ mom on the cheetah girls my non existent < number > year old dick was mad hard
" the thought of men and women dating will be so gross . "
therefore she predicted that the human race is going extinct .
when i speak truth backed up with evadance but it 's outside your parties narrative do you really see that as an angry response ?
while it is true some racist came out of the closet , what you and quite a few others have fallen for is a hate filled narrative .
think about this , every candidate and voter opposed to the failed policies have been labeled as racist .
at the same time you on the left excuse racism when it is directed toward white conservative males .
would you care to explain how that moves our country and the conversation further along ?
what 's stupid is voters allowing themselves to be controlled with hate by corrupt politicians and a dishonest media .
hey after five years of searching i finally fell in love again .
hmmm ... wasn't a lot of the problems stemming out from the alaska national guard also very , very prevalent during his " tour " as big chief of the guard ?
why yes , they where ?
twatter is dominated by the regressive left who deal in emotion not logic multiculturalism is a cancer that has brought down civilizations throughout history on gab it okay to be white and okay to speak freely
yes , you can have a fabulous career teaching gender studies to gender studies majors .
that , or work in human resources .
anyone who lives who lives on russell hill road or warren road or dunvegan road in toronto and reports poverty level income year after year is either part of the live in help or a very bold liar .
income tax rates in canada are too high and real estate tax rates in vancouver and toronto are probably too low .
but they are great for oligarchs who do n't report their income from third world countries or their income from cash businesses in canada ; and after a few years , they can sell their canadian residence and not pay any capital gains tax either .
why do i have to , you 're the older one :(
now now peter you know the nu swedes can not read or write so they will be exempted from this signed paper this new consent law is for traditional swedes only which is a shame seeing as the muslim swedes do < number > of the raping
ion ask nobody to do shit for me i get shit done by myself a bitch be expecting too much like no
he would have been wise enough to know them by their fruits just like the inquisition had no power over the jews who fled spain without their ill gotten gains from selling white x tian slaves to moslems only jews who pretended to be rich x tians
" as a 35th - generation new mexican and a descendant of the original inhabitants of this continent , i say that the promise of our country is for everyone to find success , pursue happiness and live lives of equality .
this is the pueblo way .
it 's the american way . " -
@repdebhaaland url
no , it 's because trump lies brazenly and makes wild , unsubstantiated claims .
you have n't noticed ?
really ?
the man is sick .
equality is very important 😍
white people in south africa celebrate white history month once a year and for < number > days they are nt raped and murdered by blacks okay i am making that up of course they do not have a white history month they also never get a break from being raped and murdered
gee , they had 9/11 all figured out a couple of hours after the attack , and the ny streets were raining with terrorists passports .
2 k do not put out patch notes and you niggers got dial up internet so it ll be damn near < time > before we know what was changed
if @tabteamracing blue beat @eusc_sailing black in the final it 'd be a record - breaking 4th year @tabteamracing have won # busatrfinals !
muslims and jews are allies
i do n't drink vodka but you sound like me but i am ten years older than you so it 's even worse .
hmmm i am not so sure .
maybe its the unimaginable rape epidemic in europe , heinous crimes against white girls , young , like the prophet liked them .
maybe it was the disabled swedish girl who was gang raped by muslim men .
maybe it was the attack against the cambridge professor , out while jogging , he was able to save himself by speaking a bit of arabic , when he managed to catch up with some of the assailants and asked why did they attack him ?
their response ' because you are white ! '
now that 's hate .
maybe its the disable idaho girl who was sexually assaulted by a group of muslim migrants .
maybe it was the rotterdam scandal , where 1400 white girls were pimped out .
oh and that girl who was kidnapped last week ?
and that article that spoke of white girls being pimped out 

 just imagine what would happen if islam is ever the majority in canada or anywhere in the west ? ?
i think of lebanon and what has occurred .
fellow canadians we must stop m 103 , we must protect our girls from this evil
are they very gnostic believers ?
if so , of course it 's not going to be very fun for them to hear that .
maybe just let it be until it comes up a little more naturally in conversation .
as far as i know in the christian religion the role of the parents are to teach and practice with their kids under the church until they are " adults in the church " and that 's all they can do .
i 'm not sure if there is a similar thing in the muslim faith , but all you can do is tell them your opinions and there is n't really anything they can do to change that .
baby rodrigues your country is full of retards which probably explains why you do n't know the difference between the liberian flag and american flag .
i 'm straight but i totaly understand how hard it would be to come out and try to fit the social standards when your part of the lgbtq+ community
" why people think gay marriage is okay is beyond me .
sorry i do n't want my future son seeing 2 fags walking down the street holding hands an
why y' all be recording these racist people , just beat they ass
< user > < user > < user > its very easy to make comments from comfort of your luxury life first please live a life as refugee and than make a comment you have no idea what radical islamist has done to minorities in our islamic neighbourhood
i 'm just gon na say it , this is the gayest most shallow garbage i 've seen and none of the beta soy cucks are complaining about it
europeans are indo europeans true aryans just like iranians not sandnigger semites
headline says sex robots will replace men only for democrat women decent women still prefer their husbands can democrats get dumber is it possible
i call women love who i do not know all the time as you may have noted nothing sexual or demeaning meant just being friendly it is not a chat up line
pup is harder shit , do n't make me laugh , you are such a massive pussy it 's hilarious .
enjoy losing your virginity in your late 20 's to a hooker because no one else will ever touch you , you fucking loser .
how you tell a nigga his dick & head trash without hurting his feelings ? !
🤔 😭
women are not better manipulators , most men are just idiots who will do anything for pussy .
female manipulation mainly consists of whining .
pessimism is a sign of objective perception of reality 
 i find it to be a good and attractive quality
when will iranians rebel and throw these mulla tyrants over the cliff ?
fanatics , terrorists , and dictatorial morons , they steal from their own people and put every iranian in danger .
wait a minute ... 

 let me get this straight .
you do n't like trump and so you write an article that talks about all the things you do n't like .
whew !
for a moment , i thought you might commit an act of journalism and actually write a fact - based piece that allows us to make up our own minds .
then i remembered that i was reading the g&m.
more white tears please ? !
i am afraid issues such as the ill treatment of our military veterans farming of our elderly in foreign staffed care homes neglect of our homeless sacrifice of our children to muslim rape gangs widescale government corruption etc are so common place people no longer give a shit disgraceful
sounds like common sense .
a lot of money must be wasted recruiting on the mainland .
well , he sure made a mess of the   environment file when he had the chance .
widely considered the worst minister of the environment in this generation .
even harper demoted him , he was that bad .
it a proven medical fact that retards do not know how to use punctuation in a sentence it also a fact that only a homo can tolerate homos do you pitch or catch or both
nice ass to spanking sodomize
fuck this spitting bitch
< user > i am dead i fucking hate you 😂 😂 😂
do you consider yourself an alpha , beta or gamma male ?
you going to hell fr bitch
the town where i live is still < number > white thank god more spics and niggers by the year though no darkies working at wendies though
men 's right should focus on legalising and protecting men 's right to marry a another man 
 it should be a top focus for # mensright to protect the most persecuted groups of men .
now that 's how you bust up a bunch of sjw having a # stupidparty !
in the current year , progs tell us darwin stood for secular truth against religious orthodoxy , but they say man 's penis can be made into a vagina and jesus died so that homos and trannies can get ' married ' .
historical facts usually terrify those stuck in collective type mindsets the bell curve ignores culture which determines the direction of people southern whites up until the first world war acted no different than ghetto blacks until northern blacks fell for the welfare they outscored most southern whites on scholastic testing
lgbt people are six times more likely to attempt suicide than normal people .
must be about time we blame arsene wenger for fucking everything .
state of us .
more than < number > of african niggas carry hiv aids so ladies if you like fucking mildly retarded niggas you will be getting more than you wanted
from politifact : 
 " the women ’s team brought in slightly more of that revenue : $ 26.8 million , including $ 3.2 million in world cup revenue .
the men brought in revenues totaling $ 21 million . "
and " for the upcoming year , the federation predicts the women ’s team will bring in about $ 17.6 million in revenue , resulting in a net profit .
the men ’s team , on the other hand , is expected to bring in about half of that , $ 9 million , and end up with net losses . "
so , what should the pay be according to your statement ?
oh pocho , time to crawl back in your hole .
i thought your time away from us might bring enlightenment , but sadly , no .
just remember , president obama is no longer president .
time to get over it .
i know fox news wants you guys to keep focussing on the previous president and hillary , but you guys now have total control of the government .
the longer fox gets you to focus on president obama , they keep their ratings , and mueller gets to quietly do his job while you magaphants are distracted by hannity and the other crazies at fox .
< user > < user > < user > smollet claimed two white men assaulted him tawana brawley claimed white men raped her this girl said and her story was reported that three young men all white attacked her all of these were lies and those lied about were white that the racism
< user > i do nt understand this either but i would unfollow any account posting or retweeting nazi symbols 😳
who will fire her ?
they are all tarred with the same brush
just another stupid faggot hoping to rope a dope and get dick pics and/or catfish someone and hope he 's too horny to say no .
fucking piece of shit .
down here in new mexico i keep trying to get to be an extra on better call saul , but they give you like a day 's notice .
try blue turtle casting if you 're in albuquerque in the summer and have the urge .
< user > < user > it not homogeneous it just that asian immigrants are not as vocal visible
hey , muslim dickhead ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don;t you go and shove allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are many times when it refers to violence .
so go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up .
yey , one less feeble minded prick ion the world .
part of the effect that came with promoting integration in the < number > and < number > was the fact that blacks have a pitiful kind of bearing and whites an imperial one the poor whittle face of the negro race compared to his strong counterpart won him many sympathy pity points
omfg i dont want to be rude but i have no idea how to design characters its so funny and cute shjfgdv oloh .
new term to replace fho and crev ( for incel eyes only ) ( normies do not click on this thread ) 
 fsc ; future sex cadaver
4chan wants people to start saying " i guess if we have to have women politicians at least it 's better if they 're not real women ” 
 make popcorn and spread the word .
shut up lil bitch
it 's okay , i have gay friends .
nothing to do with being a nurse ... more to do with being a female perv .
despite the fact that men are usually the one 's maligned as ' perverts ' , women can be just as bad and oftentimes far worse .
look a white incel just showed up to vomit his neo - colonialist patriarchy .
i would not trust you to hold my beer while i save your family from the shitskin hordes i am certainly not going to trust your properly educated empty of independent thought mind to refute what is plainly visible
some journalist tried to replicate rippedrichandincel 's atomic balckpill , but used a stacy instead of a chad .
does your wife know you wear her panties and bras ?
figuratively read up about the rino muslim apologist
men are chauvinist pigs .
we need to acknowledge that fact , step back , and let the women take their turn doing the nation 's fighting .
god knows there 's been enough men snuffed out over the past 100 + years .
time to start evening things out .
good luck ladies .
you 'll do great .
we 'll salute you with flowers in your rifle barrels .
i 'm ushering at a musical .
before the show , i volunteer to help carry some lighting equipment .
technician : : that 's too heavy for a girl .
let someone else get it .
me : : i 'm not incapable of carrying it , thanks .
i pick it up and we carry the equipment down to one of the theatre rooms .
technical director : : ( pointing at the two of us ) just saying , i 'm calling this right now . (
the implication being that the techie and i will start dating ) me : : oh , please .
i 'm totally gay .
technical director : : i do n't think you know that .
i felt patronized , underestimated , distrusted , frustrated , and angry .
as if he knows me better than i know myself .
hillary was as much a victim as the supposed accusers .
as are any wives of serial philanderers .
bill is n't running ; trump is .
hold both bill and trump responsible for their actions .
victim blaming is wrong .
the odds on default are slim .
debt is rolling over all the time
it would n't matter if they were swedish .
too many people here already .
go home muthafuggas .
once again , trump fails to rise to the occasion by not specifically condemning white supremacist and their beliefs .
is there " hatred , bigotry and violence on many sides ” ?
obviously , yes .
should they be condemned also ?
obviously , yes .
but there is only one side sporting swastikas , wearing kkk garb , and making the nazi salute .
the times call for the president to stand up , show a little backbone , and demonstrate some moral leadership .
instead , we get moral cowardice .
what a disgrace this man is to the office of the presidency .
i 'm not tired of seeing white people in superhero ( or any other ) movies , but i whole heartedly embrace more diversity too .
yes the moronic argument that never seems to grow old .
do n't vote for trump because of his treatment of women but instead vote for hillary , because   her treatment of the women her husband has been accused of raping not just groping , is a far superior choice .
what ? ? ? ! ! !
how on earth does that make since to anyone ? ? (
well to a liberal of course ) 

 either vote put a misogynistic man in the whitehouse .
one puts a misogynistic man and his coconspirator .
then why do we have hentai ?
checkmate atheists
breitbart news must be down .
wow , not only are you scared of " the blacks " you 're scared of the " injuns " too !
the whites would n't have even survived the americas if it were n't for the help of some tribes .
plus the central american tribes such as that aztec and mayans understood astrology and were way ahead of europe in science
if only my country would have been reduced to half , got fucked by india 4 times straight , my 93000 coward soldiers rescued by them , i would troll india too .
he squeezed her butt .
that 's a sexual assault ?
that 's worthy of a trial ?
he got fired .
most people will scorn him .
some men will envy him .
the world will keep spinning .
move along , folks .
nothing left to see .
being gay doesn ’ t give out free passes to be gross to women
his thing is retarded and un american
happy birthday beautiful ❤ ️&#128131;&#127996;@adebolaa_o i pray god grants all your heart desires b ... god 's blessings dear & # 128591;&#127995 ; i still owe you puff puff & # 128586 ;
pussy boy bitch
do n't include me in your " we " - i never criticized mo for the way she looked .
i criticized her for being a moron .
she changed   school lunches to the point that children wo n't eat them , told people to drinks loads of water when no medical reason exists to do so , and agreed with her husband that the best place in a public school for sexually confused biological men was in the girls ' bathroom and shower .
i 'm sure they will make that prince guy black , and all men will be pussies
hwasa has spent her entire life dealing with prejudice because of the way she looks and the strength she has to push that aside and aim to change people 's ideas of what beauty is in terms of makeup , skin color , body shape , etc .
is incredible !
this april fools day we got the premier of snk s2 a s3 trailer for voltron and a stream w all of rick and morty s3 i 'm gon na fucking bust a
i bet if it were white french people in the streets of paris being racist or homophobic instead of crimmigrants rioting we d find out just how damn tough those french police really are
so muslim is back killing people with truck again islam the religion of peace etc
he does n't ever know wtf to say out his mouth joe & # 129318;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️&#128530 ; stupid ass nigga
bitches love attention
i ca n't see like 60 % of the comments
there is plenty of evidence that women and non - white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world .
i hate when i miss a lot of days ago & amp ; somebody ask where i been bitch minding my grown ass business .. the fuck
they should build a world class skateboard park there and all the problems will go away .
harry kane is a fucking fanny if he was foriegn the commentators would be going on about how bad diving is in the game absolute wankers
< user > the people have an average iq of moron these people have an average iq higher than that of the average negro by only < number > points
< user > nigga fucking called me a faggot when i said these things to him
people are not going to like me again ... i 'm just about sick of every fucking one . #
whatarefriends
in all fairness , a female hero created by females would be more appropriate .
but we all know that a " feminist " hero would be designed as a male killer
there will be a hole who will say you tell refugees to go back to syria and fight for their own country but do not say it to sa farmers need to have a strong and elegant response
why did i go to the gay club in florida ?
to get shots
😂 she wanna be so fake nonchalant you know that nigga hurt you
going to california today for some analyzer training .
going into dick whitman mode .
wish i had a tan colored suit to wear for the flight .
from what i see & know ; tourists traveling via ship / rv can easily have a dog an even one shipped by air .
on top of ticks some more invasive things are :   " black medic " ( noxious weed ) looks like small clover with a real small yellow bud / seed pod , an many kinds of spiders , an of course the dreaded bed bugs are everywhere these days .
an the ever present modern way of shipping things via the steel containers .... carry a whole host of new critters .
down here in northwest montana the new insect on the way the way is the emerald tree borer ... which goes after ash trees and one that has been killing birch trees is the birch borer from the norway / sweden area , birch trees are dying right an left each year .
parents get to choose who babysits , period .
" unlike former presidents who have had enough personal humility and respect for this nation , its history and the office to refrain from directly criticizing their successors , obama sees himself as being above such decorum . "
" obama also explained his own decision , saying , ' i asked congress to send me such a bill .
the bill never came .
and … my administration acted . '
that ’s not how our constitutional system works .
you ’d think a ' constitutional law professor ' would know better . "
https://patriotpost.us/articles/51131
@consolationlife @austinwilde @onlykuper and homophobic just like straight people
your comments tend to suggest a smug white man .
of course , i could be wrong .
however , for more than 60 years i have tended to be good at sorting out white folks .
black people that are not good at that do n't live free very long .
btw , i 'm sure you are not the only white male bigot .
you have all the trump voters for company .
i 'm okay with free lunch .
but ... it should be for all .
no favoritism .... stop financial discrimination .
the fact that nigger women hate fags is problematic as is the real reason sheboons hate fags negro bucks are < number > percent more likely to be or engage in faggotry they see fags as competition same reason they all hate white women whereas nigbucks see fags as opportunity
# morningjoe # theview # justsaying if susan rice had clearance to ' unmask ' @joenbc is ok ; did she distribute info to uncleared persons is q & # 129300 ;
heh .
silly liberals . "
alt - left : firm believers in a liberal / social democracy ex . (
liberties mentioned in the bill of rights etc ... ) but with a type of socialist market economy ; 
 an alternative political movement that seeks to unite those who feel underrepresented or marginalized by current mainstream political channels , who seek to adhere to left - wing policies while rejecting what they deem the regressive left agenda ; " identity politics " , " censorship in college campuses","trigger warnings " , " all whites are racist " , " all men are sexist " and other bullshit narratives . "
" nazis " by name are socialists and therefore are on the left . ( "
nazi " is the contraction of " national socialist . " )
the kkk was an invention of southern democrats in the 1860s .
the rest of your post is regurgitation of freshman college snowflake drivel .
please learn to think on your own .... it 's a hard world when you 're no longer surrounded by like - minded airheads that think talking points are intelligent thought .
the only way you 're going to get that measly $ 25 from the non income tax payers is to take it out of their pfd also .
< user > < user > almost two years after the election things are becoming worst just as mentioned in your report sexual violence cases have increased babies are being raped you might want to do a follow up report
misprint for change your cocks , transgender community at it again .
men should not be getting shamed for being a virgin since sex is way harder for them to get
and of course where men are under represented and shit on .
crickets .
and women are not under represented , they are catered to and choose different fields .
oh i am not triggered i am actualy laughing my ass off at a retard like you such a pathetic christian you can not grasp your head around gravity wells or how an atmosphere is confined to that gravity well or even how particle physics work within a gravity well
i 'd say white women are at a much higher risk in india
i might stream we know the devil
swedish police chiefs agree to start bombing native swedish neighbourhoods to drive racists out of their homes and make them seek refuge elsewhere only then will they learn about empathy and stop regarding foreign refugees as the other mega
weddings are gay as fuck
we need a whole lot less men of jesus in and around our politics ... at least if they are fools like moore who think they need to inject their chosen lifestyle / belief system into our secular nation 's government .
but mr. milbank the republican speaker of the house paul ryan just proclaimed on the sunday talking head shows that his top priority will be privatizing medicare .
lets ' see how much the older generation of trump supporters likes the smell of that fine kettle of fish .
< user > he should resign and then commit hara kiri in front of those bloody thirsty muslim scumbag camel jockeys
msm tatics if shooter is not white bitch about gun control if white use the nazi angle blame trump and probably roll out gabby giffords and the usual suspects
man if y' all do n't shut y' all bitch asses up gotdamn url
interesting addition to this : in the past 35 years there have been exactly * three * years where ontario ended the fiscal year with less debt than at the start of the year : 

 1999/00 ( only due to the proceeds of the 407 lease ) 
 2000/01 
 2001/02 

 if we exclude the first of those ( as we should imo ) then there are only two years in the past 35 ( probably much more , but earlier data is n't as widely available ) where ontario paid down a dime of debt .
even when the budget showed a surplus we took on more debt due to off - budget spending ( right now ontario has a net off - budget deficit of almost $ 10b / year ) .
every single year when miller , peterson , rae , eves , mcguinty and wynne have been premier at budget time the province ended up deeper in debt .
mark and lisa think american citizens who work should be forced to pay private insurance companies for insurance that they do n't want nor can afford .
mark and lisa think if you do n't work it should all be free , paid for by folks that work .
i was thinking maybe we can meet and suck each other 🍆 🍑 👌 ♋ ♒ # tgirl # cock # clit url
< user > < user > these are the kind of immigrants we all should welcome
@thetrillac we of the faithful black men association nominate you to be the next speaker at our national conference 2020
oh my god some of the fucking freshmen of my school are fucking retarded smh
am i the only one hearing the x files tune ?
if i was her i would do my godly duty and accidentally knee that bitch in the jaw claiming reflex as an involuntary response to uninvited stimuli
if my son ever grew up to act like some of you boys do i would beat his ass back into the right mindset in 2 seconds , some of your mothers raised nothing but disrespectful and disgusting children
thank you - interesting article & data .
by way of example re : importance of ip - the notorious bankruptcy of nortel demonstrated for all to see that canada has zilch understanding of the importance of ip .
the sale of the bankruptcy assets resulted in a higher valuation of nortel 's ip than its manufacturing and operating assets .
in a global economy the matter of ip allows us to retain roi for r&d , whereas manufacturing is routinely performed anywhere - and not necessarily to our benefit .
did we bail out nortel - a canadian r&d and ip icon ?
no !
did we bail out the big 3 who are foreign owned with ip residing in detroit for the benefit of the usa ? !
silly question ..........
wow .
one pack of lesbians beat another .
so crowder caught out antifa planning to use ak-47 's and it 's not news ?
i feel no pity for this piece of human filth .
fuck her and her bf .
i 'm sure this tweet will be used in court one day .
@grasspunch when you yell rape the lights turn off # notsexist
harriot tubman should n't be on the $ < number > bill she should be on a $ < number > bill
i do n't know if the police would find what was done a crime , but the two physicians who were disciplined will have this on their record on a national database , which any hospital who considers credentialing them will see every time they ( the doctors ) want to work at a hospital .
their disgusting behavior will be part of their professional record forever .
the patient can always sue in civil court , and the federal government can decide to fine the doctors heavily for what they did .
my neighbor is at my house !
zoom zoom i fucking ran into the bathroom so i wouldnt have to talk to her
without the multiple millions   imposed by the epa that tesla motors has been raking in from all the ' carbon ' allowances paid to it by the other automakers they would have been bankrupt years ago .
immelt recently moved thousands of ge jobs to china   figuring that the paris agreement would hobble the u.s. big time and countries like china would cash in because they would n't have to abide by all the industrial restraints the u.s. ( and canada ) would be subject to .
ditto for microsoft .
trump was doing what he took an oath to do ; defend and protect the united states of america .
signing on to the pa would have meant giving up the country 's sovereignty to some faceless eurogovernment bureaucrats .
as the u.s. fed lowers taxes , allows industries ( including king coal ) and ordinary americans to prosper and grow as it gets out of their way canada will be forced to either do likewise or go the way of banana dictatorships like venezuela .
fuck , jail those kind of pastors or whatever for life , lock them up and throw the key .
we do not want legal immigrants unless they are white europeans
why do n't you grow up instead you ignorant cuck
lets light it up ?
what 's to lose .
the yuppies in the west are soul - less .
mean - spirited fools with a million in debt and not worth saving .
these fools are under water from 10 years of house specs gone bad and are essentially jumping in the fall anyway when rates go up again .... 

 add in the fact that there are more mangirls in the world than cowboys after tthe 30 year war on white males so we have nothing to lose there .
these screaming wimps need to go the front lines to get some man time and get their mojo back .... most men do n't have the balls to go to war now .
they have been neutered by fem - nazis ... 

 besides after the cdn dope law comes in most of canada will be village idiots eating twinkies anyway so lets take them all out now while they are fresh 

 so i say light em up trump - lets go
what is their meltdown ?
that she said she was n't a part of the lgbt community ? (
because that is what tumblr 's meltdown is too )
that part of the hollywood bullshit pc liberals transforming blacks into saints and saviors of one type or another that why i will not watch movies with blacks in them you know it total fantasy
yta : and the biggest pussy ever , grow a sack .
what are you some kind of a mormon idiot .
i know there women who lie about getting raped but when there proof how tf can you justify that cause it your boy you all niggas are real life weirdos you all mothers should of never birthed you all forreal mal paridos
women lie to kick it niggas lie to hit 💯
their women are so fugly no wonder men jews go after arian adamic women
this is why females are nt funny url
now that 's how you bust up a bunch of sjw having a # stupidparty !
the children of haiti need help roy - you should donate generously to the clinton foundation
lol wow you are fucking retarded ese this online pillow fight is getting old though
milf shares black cock with friend url
ah , just what we need as a society ... more saturation with sports .
the recent ice storm and widespread power outages underscored how much we have lost with non - local " canned " radio content .
there was no real resource broadcasting throughout the day with critical information and updates .
i understand that we get what the market will support , but we have lost a lot of community with the loss of local am radio content .
neocons are " pulling the puppet strings" ... and have been for a long time .
still believing bs you read in the msm regarding our numerous interventions in the middle east ?
have a listen to what four star general wesley clark had to say on the subject : 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rz5fzzimwee
i want to see my woman
" if legislators intend for marijuana to be available to all , why not drop the medical fig leaf ... " 

 it was always wink - wink , this is only intended to help those with medical conditions , but ( almost ) everyone knew it was de facto legalization .
pretense and misrepresentation have always been part of the the legislative process .
the real losers here are the the groups that paid thousands to become licensed growers and dispensaries .
once full legalization is recognized , their investments will be lost , but that too was obvious from the beginning .
in hawaii , anyone can grow their own , and any imaginary " tax bounty " for the state will also go up - in - smoke .
that cool keep em coming soy nigger aka ricky best bitch
are y' all part of the lgbt community ?
rt for yes like for no
no ur not baby ur a fat fucking retard
ca n't get over how many hoes i flexed on last night : //
blow up some buildings blow up a marathon rape women and murder a bunch of queers in a club stay all you want expose a democrat e mail conversation get the fuck out of the country liberal logic
newspeople , 

 please consider doing a report / asking questions re : the us dept .
of homeland security and the role they play in keeping heroin away from the puget sound area .
https://oakbaystarfish.com/2016/11/03/more-puget-sound-meth-heroin-zero-questions-from-the-press/
transgender how could anybody date a transgender person they want you to accept them for who they are when they could n't accept themselfs for who they are .
plus it 's nasty
i thought it was because they wanted to be prettier than the liberal women 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
thank you police in middleton today .
the sirens were very high tech varying patterns varying sirens .
my father told me it mean megala mania
the men in prison will give this low life an anal awakening 
 maybe after they make him their bitch , they 'll beat up on him for sexual gratification 
 cut him up a little too .
while their at it , give him some of his own medicine .
not a man if he hits a women-
< user > nah mf u def retarded
i could srsly care less abt how i look at school , oh i wear the same thing everyday ?
ok and y does it bother you ¿ ¿ ? ? ? ¿ ?
a gay man walks into a library and asks for a book on hiv the librarian replies fuck off you will give it to someone else
" the missile defense agency announced friday it plans to award a contract to an alaska company to test the nation ’s missile defense system housed in kodiak . "
so just when did they move all those ( known - defective - guidance - system ) missiles from delta junction to kodiak ?
or is this just another woeful instance of our nation 's educational system having lost its guidance ?
if there ever is another launch from this hapless facility , kodiakans and rest of the good old usa taxpayers will again be treated to the stench burning pork .
you are an incel using those woman 's attack to spread your evil misogyny be gone incel ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
and no , none , zip , .......... children , smokin ' jo !
no , trump took their suggestions .
under the law passed 25 years ago , everything had to be released - only the president can keep them from publication now .
yup , i agree .
i have been in a social circle with someone who was released from his vows as a benedictine brother for alleged abuse .
the monastery settled without a court case , so not sure if the man is guilty or not .
the man is elderly now , a very pleasant gentleman and friendly .
i am wondering just how far i can be   friends to him .
it is a difficult situation to find myself in .
i would hate to exclude a lonely person from friendship , but if he truly did abuse these early teens , it would be so difficult for me because of my history of being abused .
what do you do ?
and yes , there are many very talented persons who were / are sexual predators :    roman polanski that so many of the glitterati love to give a free pass , the english artist eric gill who sexually abused his children , woody allen and his daughter , etc , etc .
they 're going to need more money in the fund with philpott loosening regulations regarding gay men to donate blood .
some clown will call this comment uncivil and me a homophobe but it 's just simple statistics that hiv is more prominent in gay people than it is in straight people .
budsie : you could always count on jm getting   the hockey part of the argument   absolutely correct , not so much for   the rochester rocket and the other pretenders on here .
but you are right , when jm got going , he sure could   move fast and loud ; there was never a dull moment , when you crossed jm .
but overall ,   carrie was always more intelligent   and cooler   than everyone else .
he was the real man !
mine is " spread our religion by killing all the men and raping their widows . "
so you 're saying black people are imaginary and arnold schwarzenegger is your girlfriend ?
weird flex but ok
@ilatif 😩 😡 .
america is a sick nation .
there are terrorist attacks in afghanistan , but no senseless attacks like a school boy shooting his schoolmates !
you 're following her too dumbass .
if you say that you 're not following her for her naked pics and do n't want to fuck her , you 're lying out of your ass .
fucking sperg lol
irt bs , hawaii born ex - president obama is involved .
susan rice ( confirmed by fbi dir .
comey ) having the information must have certainly passed it on to jarrett and obama .
mr turok , you act as if this is all new to you ?
that 's very hard to believe .
it was blatantly obvious that zuma was a corrupt individual with charges hanging over his head at the time he was elected anc leader .
now the sacp / anc / cosatu and others , who assisted his ascension to president of the mafia state are feeling sorry for themselves .
forgive me while i enjoy a bit of schadenfreude ...
omg i 've never seen the people who have ethnic and cultural diversity like this are at one spot .
all the races , ages , languages , genders and their cultural looks i see now .
literally wembley is little earth 🌍 and they all love one group @bts_twt i 'm crying .
" @worldwarzee _ : these hoes ai n't loyal . "
gee , should it be a surprise that a savings rate of interest artificially maintained at near - zero would result in a low savings level ?
similarly , should it be a surprise that a stock market level artificially maintained at a high level by that same policy would be of concern to someone who ca n't afford to lose all they have to a " correction " ? (
jack is correct on this one ) 
 and , what makes froma think her neighbor 's portfolio might have bounced back ?
so many did n't that one can not make that assumption .
froma will not be writing financial advice columns , so , this silly entry into that arena is easily excusable .
let 's hope she does n't try again .
< user > < user > nigga called him gay for being athletic lmfao
genital mutilation is certainly practiced on a worldwide scale on males .
the female part , while horrific , is a cultural phenomenon , not religious .
google : 
 female genital mutilation occurs in non - muslim societies in africa and is practiced by christians , muslims and animists alike .
in egypt , where perhaps 97 percent of girls suffer genital mutilation , both christian copts and muslims are complicit .
nope never claimed to be a kang that what niggers do i am just a regular guy who wants my country back and who does not want < number > white women a day to get raped by niggers which is what currently happens in this country
< user > this is one of your more terrible takes survivors of the holocaust do not want auschwitz torn down so people remember
haha yeah epic roast on that turbo normie fag xd
< user > that gay but do mine
rt carlosphoenix to p50 fans ariana grande
< user > he him lesbians are usually women who have internalized misogyny or trans men with internalized transphobia
oh i know that but they were not whiny little faggots can you belive i got banned for calling mayor of london a pakemon i m certain a european muslim cunt is in charge of policing my account becasue american pakis are not offended by calling them paki
you 're so handsome 😍 i legit said like two days ago trans men are the most handsome ppl i 've seen !
@ericswalwell dude , you definitely wear your wife 's panties atleast 5 days a week .
just sayin .
you are the most beta cuck of cucks ever created .
you 're the kid in school that sat alone because you creeped everyone out .
when you fart , i bet $ it smells like jizz and latex .
have a goodnight 🖕
fuck her lady more like .
ladette who cares if the sas killed her half of the unit probs fucked her anyway and they done more for society than she ever did and if you think that 's beautiful bet your partner is a right ugly cunt
fuck nigga call blocked me 😂 😂
what is my favorite thing about transexuals ?
their suiscide rate
where we are born certainly affects what we believe , as it 's what we have contact with , but it 's not rare for someone to discover the main religion on their country / community is not for them , kinda like finding yourselve as an atheist while your whole family is religious ...
sometimes i think i should listen to everybody & amp ; not my heart but i 'll probably listen to it anyways
( i was trying to get off a crowded bus . )
cisgender male 1 : : hey , let the man through !
cisgender male 2 : : i think it 's a chick .
cisgender male 1 : : aw , sorry hen .
on a bus in edinburgh .
i was disgusted by the sexism evident in their change of tone , and also completely disheartenned as a transgender male .
navajo census 2020 complete count commission starts strategizing to ensure every navajo citizen is counted url url
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > said the kneelers were sobs regardless of color were not there some white kneelers too omar district in minnesota majority muslim is the us number one district for isis recruits see where this is going called ms < number > animals not immigrants ms < number > who butcher people
if an uninformed person were to watch american tevision black people would appear to represent half the population while latinos asians and native americans would represent < number > this is a lie
chads are now coming to this sub for sympathy 
 sickening .
happy early birthday there going to be alot of antifa pussies who are going to be very surprised what real violence looks like it will be coming from men who have practiced the art of violence for many years it should cure any further outbreaks from the tards
i can think of billions of more hypocritical things the religious right do / say that could be used to discredit their batshit faulty logic , so why is this a big deal ?
it 's porn on twitter lol .
most people are aware ted cruz is a joke , i do n't think anyone thinks of him as a highly moral figure .
f :   no , i pay for the on - line subscription .
do n't you ?
< number > < number > being anti sjw far left feminazi is not the same as being a anti lbbt or sexist ellie being lgbt bothers insecure homophobes sexists or platform shill slaves downplaying the game hint look at the ppl who called kait a badass in gears5 but have a problem with ellie
hey , muslim dickhead ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don;t you go and shove allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are many times when it refers to violence .
so go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up .
yey , one less feeble minded prick ion the world .
:) trump does love twitter .
agree entirely there .
seems to use it a lot .
but that does beg the question , is it juvenile or a   sleight of hand magic trick ? !
who knows !
< user > yea ur white so do not say it wigger
ok .
i agree .
thank you fellow lgbt you are valid as well
now that the world is starting to see him for what he is , he must be living in a perpetual cloud of disappointment . #
stopwadhwa2015
@stupidsmallbi @softkags ksjsksjk yeah it was always " no homo " and " platonically " bc u were married to kaito sksjsk
how do i work so much amp still be broke adult hood is so ghetto
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
elizabeth taylor in who 's afraid of virginia woolf ? .
taylor changed the role of hollywood women in film as a result of this extraordinary performance .
this was acting that opened it up to artists like streep .
taylor was   paid top dollar before and during the time this movie was made .
it helped that her beauty was sublime .
before de niro altering his appearance in raging bull , there was taylor playing , martha .
she successfully pulled off acting   as a woman who took no prisoners , and looking much older than her actual age .
if there was one award for best actor for female or male , taylor would have won .
i know there have been many great actors but taylor set the standard for acerbic wit no woman or man has matched .
all that being said , women are equal in making movies great , and deserving of complete equality in income and opportunity for great roles .
i thought that this went without saying .
if not , the way to end this foolish argument is via class action .
if this day ends without you even acknowledging my existence , i 'll be so fucking done .
get the fuck off me faggot
the businesses are n't telling anyone how to spend their money .
and they are n't denying access to contraception .
the owners are n't forcing their beliefs on anyone .
i believe in another american principle , freedom of association .
if a business offers a compensation package w / benefits you find objectionable , you 're free to not associate with them .
if you do n't like what a business offers or who 's behind it , you 're free to not associate with them .
the proletariat of the us would never rise up because of " the reproductive urge " being satisfied this is why we have the volcel police
real chads do nt browse reddit and real normies do nt browse r / incel
i identify as genderqueer , but am male - assigned and often get misgendered+microaggressed .
i was just walking around the dining hall with friends in my cute summer dress .
server 1 : : i 've got ta ask , what is this all about ?
me : : oh , we 're here for our annual dinner !
server 2 : : but i mean , are supposed to dress like your favorite cartoon character , or what ?
i think you already know the answer to your own question .
agree with you regarding our premier .
and i understand that this is just a pilot project , but she is going about it all wrong .
for the 1 - 2 % , i was going by the word - wide figures for drug addicts that remain addicts even when opportunities for advancement exist , and horrors like war are removed .
most people want to better themselves .
having a basis income allows one to better themselves when they are not just struggling to get by .
< user > every single white person found dead in a ditch
let 's lose our minds and go fucking crazy .
ah ya ya ya ya i keep on hoping we 'll eat cake by the ocean !
♪ ♥
hi i am new to gab and i have run the numbers vaginal pros self lubrication feels amazing cons pregnancy sometimes a little loose anal pros tighter muscle she can not get pregnant cons have to buy lube kind of gay even w girl
you know i did n't see you making any comments on the stories when the race was white kids that got busted committing theft and shooting on officers .
especially when the kid at home depot had attacked officers not once but twice since they did n't catch him when he had a gun the first time .
if you 're going to comment on crime , do us a favor and comment on all crime or none of it .
otherwise you just end up showcasing that your an ignorant racist .
i 'll wait while you tell us how great a guy dr merchant and his wife were while he was raping children and she was helping by drugging them .
or the professor at uaa who also liked raping children , including his own .
at least when i 'm disgusted at criminals it encompasses all of them and not just ones with a particular pigment .
ratko mladic defended his people from moslem jihadist in bosnia he put on trial why are not the saudi who funded the terrorist being bought to justice or bill clinton his side kick tony blair for bombing civilian in serbia
daily reminder to normfags : you can go to the gym all you want you 'll never experience life as a 8 + male 
 stop coping , you get nothing but roasties and you have to work and grovel for them , just lol at even leaving the house if you 're not facially a 7 .
what 's the difference between a preschool girl and a trans person ?
i can actually sell the girl on the slave market 

 no one wants to buy the tranny
of course you run from his legit question with an " ad hominem attack . "
once again you run from a legitimate question to ask a strawman question in return .
they do not mean to bring the fake refugees to their country u know it right they mean to build a wall around their border and shoot at everyone and at the same time helping other people to invade our countries
how about this 

  " you were found naked , unconscious , in the back of a cab   with a man you did n't know-- did he rape you ? "
" i do n't remember giving consent " .
arresting officer : " woman was found   unconscious , the defendant was trying to hide her urine soaked underwear / pants " " he had this pants unzipped "
male version of " begone thot " ?
" as a proud black man i use a word , that if uttered by a white person , makes me lose all earthly senses and revert back into chimpanzee mode "
i was a nyc ghetto medic for < number > years and the people are racist and prefer the ugly ghetto we tried placing them in nice neighboirhoods and not there are very little safety for the citizens outside midtown plus or minus even so they are left victims
it 's almost as if works of art can be deemed as subjective , depending upon a viewer 's experience !
wild .
am i the only one hearing the x files tune ?
sand niggers are always inter breeding either with themselves or their cousins the goats
how do you win a war against trannies ?
pull out the biology books .
white paladin lotor au circles around lotor being happy okay
no no personal accountability here and no whites arrested must be institutional structural racism yeah that it yep all that racism is keeping asians from raising their kids and having families too damn whites damn them goddamn america
what do you call 2 midget trans people having sex ?
a micro transaction
hi rod sheridan .
i did n't realize that this is a place only to post condolences and appreciation .
what if i want to communicate some other thought ?
can i run my comments by you in the future to get your sign off ?
i would n't want to take another dump in the bidet .
yes yes but it is never mentioned it would be racist i was watching some fashion show with all faces walking the runway i thought soon they will want only white women as they realize the globe is filled with black and brown faces minority white hires with no guilt
my spirit just will not let me beef over a nigga
< user > we counting women too
actually , they will be raised by there mother along with their father , the us government .
wow .
i would love to be a failure like trump .
he 's the man .
as the catholic church today meddles in usa politics by trying to bring in mexican immigrants and shielding illegal alien mexicans the same catholic church worked hard to flood the usa with immigrants < number > years ago catholics were the first great destroyers of the usa
kon man is projecting again .
jesus better run from the gang stalker real man killing nazi americans
why should we " get over it " ?
conservatives never got over the election of president obama .
unlike trump , president obama won both the popular and electoral college vote .
we are not going to " get over " a man who has just settled a lawsuit for $ 25 million , has appointed a white supremacist as his chief strategist , who is trying to bully the media , and is choosing cabinet members who are actually against the departments they are supposed to lead .
jeff sessions was rejected by a republican committee for being too racist .
no , we will not go quietly .
yes , any convert can make aliyah under the right of return .
however , only orthodox converts are accepted as jewish by the rabbinate , which is necessary in order to marry a jew in israel .
what do you call a nice looking black woman ?
hot chocolate
probably all at $ 2500 a day ( each ) plus expenses .
so : runways @ us - targeted syrian airbase still fully operational & amp ; syrian officials given advance warning of the strike ?
yes ?
$ 90mill ?
yes ?
why this guy is trying to apply western liberal enlightened thought to an asian muslim country is beyond me
< user > shocking that account did not want immigrants speaking for themselves if it did not conform to their world view
just as soon as you take a knife and cut that micro penis off ( did nt i see your wife on another thread talking about you ) ?
ca nt have a moron like you having any stupid kids .
you create an a story & amp ; drastically changed it to a b story which aka you fucked up
< user > ‍ how much nigger cock do you suck per week faggot
i signed up for pandora in a ghetto city and all my ads are aids prevention pills and gun crime psas 😂 🤡
so the guard caters to the pot heads now does it ?
this one might be worthy of printing since it involves medicinal uses of 420 but you did nt need to do multiple stories glorifying the use of a brain killer
i am very shocked by lack of enough support for her , if there was any , from twitter feminism .
i do n't understand the women empowerment most of you idiots want .
you only prioritize the power to walk around with hanging butt cheeks , and for men to feel the anal walls of other men .
url
boys being harvested like animals for the benefit of rich narcissistic white women and it 's no surprise the feminists are silent on this .
:-)
no that i am condoning what the male board member did however , i bet had she made a sexist joke about males she would not have lost her job .
> could you provide reasons why some gay people want to marry ?
i am trying my best to understand .
the same reason why a straight couple want to marry
alamance county nc the news record – a man is in the alamance county jail after police say he lured a woman to a residence and raped and physically assaulted her multiple times
memo to globalists you should really do some research about the impeachment process type impeach the president into a search engine and pay particular attention to the first step addendum do you clowns ever wonder why the world is laughing at your retarded ass
if ya nigga ever say that bitch ain t yo friend you better believe him 💯 😭
i only got better when i realized nothing is worth my time except the people that love me and my own happiness .
what would harry potter 's name be if he was german ?
harryan potter
do the white thing turn nigger ball off
where are liberals seeking to re - open the abortion and same - sex marriage debate ?
it 's the conservatives who want to do that .
you 're right : it 's 2017 , and enough is enough .
just give it up , already .
blindfolded anon bottom slut taking load # 4 . #
gayslut # gaybreeding # gaysex url
me at first : " what is this high school musical shit " me later on : " what is this gay high school musical shit its awesome " touching ;)
i just know that gays with airpods are gon na cheat on me
many alaska search & rescue groups are in awe of the resources available to north slope search & rescue ( nss&r ) .
the article is a little misleading though as most s&r groups are made up of volunteers .
the effectiveness of the nss&r is greatly helped by being a department within the north slope borough government and has an annual budget of 10.5 million dollars ( 2015 - 16 nsb budget report ) .
according to the north slope borough 2015 annual financial report the nss&r had 25 full time employees .
while many of these are because of their air assets the paid full time organization and coordination functions are what allows them to undertake and accomplish so many missions .
bcz those fucking kikes let muslim araps in our countries while they are killing same muslim arabs on a land kikes stole from them as for nazi your fucking kikes were nazies as u are
i think that " reasonable apprehension "   clause gets them off the hook tho i think mike tyson was charged with aggravated assault when he bit off holyfields ear .
plus the assaulted party has to press charges , tho the government can on their own ...
geomatica99 , do n't take my word for it , check it out : 

 http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/jun/21/hillary-clinton/yep-donald-trumps-companies-have-declared-bankrupt/
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
man these rightwingnuts sure can dish it out , but they ca n't take it can they ?
they complain about how hyper sensitive liberlals are , then they kick and scream an call for momma when their widdle feelings get hurt .
histerical ..
i have so much longer be and respect for people like bill russell , kareem oscar , jim brown , ali and now we have magic and lebron who are empowering black people all over the world
what do tumblr and deep - fried foods have in common ?
lots of trans - fat .
owens vs. jericho is one of the most intense , one of the most longest built matches on this # wrestlemania card .
it should n't be on 2nd .
interestingly the daily mirror say tommy robinson was filmed punching migrant in italy anybody that saw the full video will see how misleading and devious this is the mirror also broke the telford grooming gang story but failed to mention muslim men something does not seem right about this
from berig in rochester , ny 

  i like the part about active transportation , cyclewest , cars comprise the greatest part of   most peoples '   carbon footprint , as for cooling schools , might be better not to have class on extreme temp days , would save   considerable funds ,
the pen may be mightier than the sword , 

 but a sword wo nt leak in your pocket , ruining a good pair of trousers .
< user > i m buying a pair in support of hoping to offend more muslims
this stuff seems pretty crazy but i do remember some of this craziness when i was taking my engineering degree .
of course us engineers in training , whether we were white , brown , blue , male or female , were too busy working to be whining .
and given all the interviews we do of graduating engineers for our firm , it feels like these whiners do represent a loud but very much small minority because the candidates sure want to make sure we know they are not from the perpetual victimhood crew and just want to   be known as smart and hard working and wo n't start crying just because they make a mistake on a project and are held accountable .
clearly you know nothing about islamic history and how the prophet had dealt with non muslims and their leaders .
read a book man .
better yet , read qur'an url
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
transgender how could anybody date a transgender person they want you to accept them for who they are when they could n't accept themselfs for who they are .
plus it 's nasty
no , no griffin nor milsap nor george .
then what ?
more of the same ... sign plumlee , who needs consistency training , yes .
or some other stiff they can find among the available fa stiffs ... save the money for next year 's class of fa 's , yes , because ownership / mgmt has told us every year to wait for huge spending on next year 's fabulous fa 's .
does it matter if gallo , chandler & barton leave ?
no , maybe , and likely no .
gallo 's scoring can likely be spread around the roster , chandler has so many skills he 's harder to replace , & i think he 'll be re - signed , and barton i like a lot , but i think he wants to leave .
does any of this matter ?
depends on one 's definition of matter ...
@trb_respawn touch my cock and balls and you 'll get a forced lobotomy , dumb cunt
a femi - nazi gives birth .
< repeat > " madam , your bab-- " " i ' m not a girl you pig !
i ' m di - neuto gender ! "
the doctor , obviously infuriated , is forced to keep quiet . "
well , then , your baby-- " " do n't tell me it 's gender !
i do n't want them to be forced at birth , let them choose . " "
ah , perfect then !
well * * * it * * * is dead . "
> i fail to see why we celebrate some people being prideful and condemn others for the same .
i m prideful of not being a minority or being gay or be discriminated against ''
yes let dismiss the communists because americans never fought a war with them though your general patton said you should have an armchair military philosopher will faux mourn the dead while i mourn the loss of < number > fam members women and children holocausted by allies in the city of dresden
i believe that part of the reason that public education ting as much as it is is that it has long been underfunded .
we have also underfunded and neglected teacher education for decades upon decades .
i do n't think that the answer is providing government funding to any type of private school , but a renewed dedication to seriously improving public education .
encouraging parental involvement is an important part of that process .
i am going through the grieving process with my os during commercial break went to the nfl thursday night game i am not gay or a fashion consultant but these uniforms make this game unwatchable
better late than never , jeff , but the rest of us have been awake since january .
too bad you were on the team that mocked the women 's march in february .
too bad you were on the team that decided to take the budget reconciliation path and railroad through the gop version of health insurance repeal and tax cuts for the rich .
too bad you said nothing as trump attacked hispanics , muslims , gays , transgender , blacks , democrats , the poor .
so now that he 's attacking you personally , you pen a letter advising the rest of us to " wake up " .
jeff , i believe the phrase that applies is " pot calling the kettle black " .
your steadfast support for club for growth ideology is nothing short of cruel and indifferent towards your fellow americans .
your " every hog for himself " libertarian philosophy does n't really believe in community values .
and now you turn to the community looking for a sympathetic ear , because you are the one being harmed .
you were more than happy to act with depraved indifference .
niggaz are drinking black label and corona pre game lol
what do you get when you throw a molotov into a gay pride parade ?
an lgbtbbq
shame 
 land should of been turned into open space .
airbus got paid $ 350 million to take over the c series .
that 's their 50 % share of the $ 700 million of losses expected in the next couple of years that bbd must fund .
when the caisse and bbd get bought out by airbus , if there is a differential in price paid for their respective partnership interests , the next thing to fly will be lawsuits .
i clearly stated that trump assisted the coal industry previously , but was going against them now .
here let me help you , this was my direct quote ; 

 " we 're currently laughing at you hypocrites , who condemned trump when he assisted the coal industry , but now also condemn him when he did nt . "
please try to focus and keep up .
your weak attempt to put words in my mouth has failed miserably .
i was born in 95 & amp ; you were born in 99 do nt act like i was born in the dinosaur era and you so young that your umbilical cord still attached
you 're a guy , should n't you be able to change your own oil ?
want someone who will be a friend and a girlfriend and that will like me for me and not walk all over me .
i like the outdoors , camping , hiking , movies .
my fav .
color is white and like country music and i also like tattoos .
i do like the ymca for working out but they have extreme homosexual leanings nearly all the men working there have the flames turned on high
the only fun i will have with you is # humiliation when i force your pathetic head on a # bbc whilst your struggle to pull back forced to swallow a alpha mans loads your cum dump that 's all . #
sissy # domme # efdp # paypig # cuck # goddess # slave # finsub # finslave # cashslave # denial
agree 100 % .
sloter would have been as good as brock backing up siemian , but sloter has far more long - term potential that brock .
the vikings got it right .
would you care to explain how building a petrochemical facility can be considered diversification of a petroleum based economy ?
extracting more value out of petroleum produced in alberta before it is exported is a very positive development but it certainly is not diversification .
btw this is not a new idea .
nova chemicals has been producing ethylene and polyethylene at joffre since 1979 .
now that you 're a man , you have to come hunting with us / go to straight bars / objectify women / drink beer / learn home repair / drive / etc .
because that 's what real men do !
you ca n't know how much i appreciate your comment , thanks .
after my mother accepted that i as a gay man -- indeed human -- and her loving son , she cringed and even shook every time dp spewed more of his radical christian hate rhetoric .
he is a radical , no doubt .
sooner or later her will go after divorced folks , blacks and on and on .
his is ayatollah behavior .
be safe you and your brother .
< user > soobhyuck superior gay < number > liners 💅
iranian women risking prison or even death by removing their hijabs feminist in the west wear a hijab like it some sort of medal fukin idiots freedom from islamic rule is all they want
fuck off cunt .
do nt you have some pedophiles to befriend ?
you talk down pride then you end up slaves of the jews i tell you i just ca nt figure it out crosscucks
i think even a small number of foreign buyers will have a large impact on house prices .
they start the process and everyone else joins the frenzy .
all it takes is a critical mass of bidding wars from rich investors to spark a wider craze as people jump in .
once the mob collectively buys into the craze it can not be stopped until the banks say no more .
well i do nt feel that bad for them .
i just mean that i 'm glad i 'm a dude and it 's in my control to approach people and ask them out
unfortunately , a positive experience does n't cancel out a negative .
and playing the " cool girl " game is n't a good look for anyone .
nothing wrong with quebec , they have very white cities and are a proud group of people aside from the gay section of montreal , its a very nice city
lars , what is that supposed to mean ?
the state has x dollars .
what difference does it make what pocket it comes out of .
once gone , its gone .
if it is not spent out of budget a it can be allocated to budget b. sensationalist alaska dispatch has it dead on .
and the proves the is a first time for everything .
no , i must have two or three kids and teach them to be racially - aware .
got interviewed by a normie got wrekt 
 she treated me like shit and made fun of me its ogre
no and go fuck yourself just to be extrra sure , nigger
i really need to order good luck with your life .
i 've heard it 's the shit .
i just wish i did n't have to wait a month @spizzyspose
so what have niggers in general ever done for us except create havoc i have known hundreds of great blacks both here and in africa the tigray tribesmen of ethiopia are truly amazing but american ghetto blacks are the scum of the earth
why are the majority of the comments that are clearly civil and support trump deleted on here ?
talk about a   biased propaganda comment section .
the liberals do not want others to here others opinions .
they should all be deported to a somali war zone where they belong , along with every guardian employee .
" niggas got dumb ass logic .
they be like " " i know i cheated first and several times , but you cheated and it was for longer " " like nigga . "
adopting pro homosexual policies walmart plays both sides of the social issues culture war it does this by cultivating good relations with both homosexual activists like human rights campaign and christian conservative organizations like american family association afa
that s already happened many times .
example 1 -there was a man in west denver about 7 years ago killed in bed drinking a diet pepsi - the cop saw the flash of metal and shot .
wrong guy wrong house innocent murdered no charges .
also the woman who was assaulted by police at a hospital after bringing her boyfriend who had been shot - they were the victims but because the car had been " involved " ( shot at ) she was suddenly a criminal who deserved to be kicked and have her head stomped on .
" as a proud black man i use a word , that if uttered by a white person , makes me lose all earthly senses and revert back into chimpanzee mode "
they could never make me hate you even though what you was doin wasn t tasteful even though you out here lookin so ungrateful i amma keep it movin be classy and graceful
:d @nkrause11 dudes who go to culinary school : # why # findawife # notsexist :)
no shit but if you do not think blacks and mexicans and white supremacists do not get into fights you are naive and have no clue
put estrogen in his food in prison then put him with the biggest blackest gayest hung hogged lifer you can find
for eight years , the president and his family have set an impeccable example , for which we ’ll soon feel nostalgia .
what is the proper punishment for a nation that turns a deaf ear to common sense and compassion , and has lost its power to detect a malignant fraud ?
who do ordinary americans turn to when the government is packed with racists , billionaires , saber - rattling warmongers and incompetent fools , all infused with evangelical zeal and drooling at the idea of tearing down everything decent that this nation has built over the last century ?
we ’re about to find out .
and while only a minority of voters put this man into office , all of us will pay the price for their mistake .
all these hoes sooo average & # 128553;&#128533 ;
it bothered me that you would attempt to denigrate male marchers by implying they are " pus sies " for wearing a hat and showing support for women .
i do n't like the term as an insult , and do n't think it was appropriately applied here .
i would say a guy is weak if he is a coward , if he cheats on a loved one ... that sort of thing , not for marching in protest .
edit : and it bothered me that it was coming from you , who i thought had more sense .
anyway , it was probably just a cheap shot for the laugh , which is fine !
ray , your box is getting smaller and frank is getting closer .
< user > while i have seen some of this footage before it is a reminder that a good < number > of these so called refugees appear to be men of fighting age with no intention of assimilation not the families children the media like to find show
< user > went on her acc and its just ppl putting fancams and saying dykes follow me like that is helping in the slightest
because nurkic is a great player when he 's a ) in shape and b ) healthy ... which is to say never .
nurkic has a major ego and attitude problem .
he was not willing to play backup to jokic and made it clear to the office that they should trade him .
once he hit portland , how many good games did they get out of him before he got injured ?
two games .
meanwhile , jokic was rated 16th best player in the entire nba .
plumlee will make a great backup .
" niggas got dumb ass logic .
they be like " " i know i cheated first and several times , but you cheated and it was for longer " " like nigga . "
since forever , america has been a " man 's world " business - wise .
men networked with their college chums , and that of their fathers .
this divided the business world into power blocks , big and small .
these power blocks competed with each other .
men are also able to work hand in hand with someone that they may personally despise .
men easily " use " each other to attain their business goals .
education is good , but not good enough .
i believe that women are failing to network , to form power blocks , of the same order as men do .
they 're trying to fit into this man 's world , when they should be disrupting it instead .
and women need to learn how to take calculated risks , which runs counter to their " nest - building " instinct .
yes , there is a fundamental difference , mentally and emotionally , between the sexes , which women need to compensate for , if they 're to be competitive against men .
women make great warriors , just as long as they are trying to kill the enemy , and are n't concerned with staying alive .
oh gordon , let the little garden booi have his hissy fit in public , he is loosing support in droves as more and more is revealed from the email treasure trove , and i believe this w / e there will be more revelations .
i do n't like the man one bit , but how does that match up with the clinton legacy ?
seems at best the men get a draw on the chauvinism .
hillary gets a little space on this one though , she was in some ways the victim of her husbands compulsion .
* but who really knows what happens in a marriage ?
there are n't many men , in the company of only other men , who have n't show some basic primate behavior when talking about women .
one again the monkey poop throwing in the room does more to support hypocrisy than it helps in filling a very important job that will affect the nation .
at some point we need to drop out of ' politics ' mode and look serious at the implications of what each administration would look like .
* i know it 's fun , but is n't pretty pathetic .
not blaming you gary or anybody else , just saying we ought to try ......
what goes up must come down .
this will make housing more affordable .
my other sister this morning tried to april fools me by saying she broke my ps3 but fool i only care about my ps4 and its in my room
it appears that /r / relationships hates it when men batter women , but when it 's a woman who batters a man and justice is expected , it 's a different story
lest we forget what is being " celebrated " here .
it certainly is not " honour " or " bravery " .
what is the actual message from these pathetically nostalgic and lachrymose costume parties is the celebration of large masses of mostly ignorant and naïve and poor people being driven like lemmings to sacrifice and die for another man 's wallet .
ah the power of propaganda makes mice out of men .
funny how when we talk about the shameful barring of jewish refugees from the nazi 's , and the actual incarceration of us citizens in camps , it 's the generic " us government , " not " the roosevelt administration and democrat majorities in congress " who are to blame .
yet , when discussing fever dreams of " what might happen , " the potential culprit in those dystopic fantasies is always clearly identified .
you may think this title contains the word blаck , but it actually does not .
autofag begone .
there is a total onslaught against white nations worldwide and israel is a old age retirement village for barbaric khazar kikes it has become a refugees state for pedophiles do not believe me truth fears no investigation
and yet you are free to comment , in public , in any forum , with any opinion you have derived , with no requirement for validation , and with no concern of retribution or censorship or physical or financial harm regardless of the facts , precisely because of the vets you accuse of basking in this " phony " idolatry .
i am glad you are taking full advantage of your freedom , as you should .
many do n't .
from all of us phonies , your welcome .
i hope next time a nigger actually kills tommy gay boy robinson
@queenkittyk _ humiliate and rinse - it there any better way to abuse a sissy cuck !
🔥 🔥 🔥
blaring headlines on trump serve to divert attention away from trudeau 's fiscal irresponsibility , negligence on border control and activist agenda that does not put canadians first .
i miss living in california .
i miss the weather , i miss the beach i miss surfing with my family i miss the chill people .
i wanna move back
" that remark , scott said , compromised trump ’s moral authority as president . "
how , when or where has trump ever had any " moral authority " ?
his whole existence is based upon ' moral indifference ' at best and his actions have repeatedly shown he has no ethical backbone .
now he has elevated ( debased ) his moral indifference to actively advocating amorality .
to borrow a definition : " amoral means having no sense of either right or wrong , like a fish " he has perhaps crossed the threshold to being immoral . "
the evil ' immoral ' describes someone who knows the difference , but does n't care . "
this is trump at his core .
do jews hate muslims or do they use them is it different with your cult
if girls go to college to get more knowledge and boys go to jupiter to get more stupider , where do transgenders go ?
hell
what does lgbtq stand for ?
let god burn the queers
this man is not bright enough to be let out on his own , let alone pm !
on the other hand , some people seem to be suggesting that droughts , floods , bad weather , sea level rise , melting glaciers , and temperature variations are all brand - new phenomena that humanity has never experienced , prior to the industrial revolution .
that 's * also * not true .
;-) 

 we 've been living with these things our entire lives ( in fact , over the lifetime of our entire civilization ) - and yet , here we are .
did you know that during the holocene optimum about 6,000 - 8,000 years ago , southern greenland probably had temperatures 2 deg . -
4 deg .
c warmer than today ?
and that the edge of the icecap was about 10 km further inland that it is now ?
( these are observational , scientific facts - not just hypothetical scenarios on computer screens , by the way . )
the last time greenland was in such parlous condition , temperature - wise , norse colonists were raising dairy cattle well up the western coast .
they were doing fine with 12th c. tech - yet we 're all gon na die ? ?
sheesh .
i hope they fully investigate these russian connections and dealings without prejudices .
but it is also predictable that the leftist bullhorn msm will be busy making excuses or not reporting at all on the democrat side , and sensationalize to the nth degree whatever they think they discovered on the trump family with no evidence needed .
real chads do nt browse reddit and real normies do nt browse r / incel
papa always said we ca n't help the ignorance in some folk , but we can rise above it .
by welcoming all people .
christ killers are not arbiters of morality
in the current year , progs tell us darwin stood for secular truth against religious orthodoxy , but they say man 's penis can be made into a vagina and jesus died so that homos and trannies can get ' married ' .
irt betty berry : great perspective betty .
unfortunately the lunatic left will seek any opportunity to ridicule the president , regardless of whether or not it makes sense .
actually , especially if it does n't make sense .
lead , follow or get out of the way tdw .
feminists i am doing this womens march because trump is a misogynist that hires many women into leading roles in his business and hates illegal immigrants i am the resistance but let import as many islamic women oppressing refugees as we can cuz diversity
i 'm sorry that your dad treats you like that but good luck to you and hope for the best ( i 'm a trans female btw )
this is something i 've never seen before :o crazy hot slut .
thank you police in middleton today .
the sirens were very high tech varying patterns varying sirens .
my father told me it mean megala mania
when u just pulled up to the party and niggas already beefing url
reading this story reminded me of a martin luther king , jr. quote : 

 “ when evil men plot , good men must plan .
when evil men burn and bomb , good men must build and bind .
when evil men shout ugly words of hatred , good men must commit themselves to the glories of love .
where evil men seek to perpetrate an unjust ‘ status quo ’ , good men must seek to bring into being a real order of justice . “
thank you , chris ,   for sharing   your story and i know   your mother is proud of you .
# planetsaqarnibiruplanetx " from the awaited mahdi to the leaders of the sectarian parties , and the political parties , and to all muslims among the worlds .. " url * = - * * * indonesia jakarta narkoba nathan mtvhotttest boris johnson " run bts " apollo50th apollo50
stream of downvotes ensues when someone dares to suggest that men can get cat - called too , on r / twoxchromosomes
with their constant disrespect of educators , is it correct to assume that all right wing critics are autodidacts ?
otherwise , how did all of you learn if not for educators ?
australia : lgbt bullying in police force prompts restructuring|news|telesur url
guys always lookin for a relationship with me like if i wanted to be with you it would`ve been clear stop forcing shit with me .... & # 128577; ☹ ️
bavius , if i did n't know your views on politics , i would have thought your comment was satire but then i realize that delusions are hard to resolve when one is caught up in a cult of personality .
have faith ; time heals the soul .
trump is a momentary illusion .
uh , @twitter @safety ?
i am displeased that you want me to reply to these emails with more details when i file a report .
donald trump is a racist russian nazi .
john and tony are honest businessmen who just like pizza with cheese and walnuts .
robert mueller was just proving to the ruskies that we had uranium when he met them on the moscow tarmac .
bill and loretta only talked about their grandkids in a similar meeting .
james comey is a straight shooter .
clapped and brennan are good guys , you ca n't be director of the cia if you are n't .
soetoro was born in the us and is a christian .
anyone else , who , once they read “ highly secretive industry of wealth management . ”
knew the article might not be ..... how do it put it ..... reliable ?
" most ugly men are ugly on the inside too "
introduceyourself i am a young gay latino donald trump supporter i will defend him anytime go ahead and try me 😈
what 's the american national bird ?
the desert eagle .
he was a serial spanker .
would walk up to senior citizens and furiously spank their bottoms while screaming the power of christ compels thee .
.@manishlimbu532 no .
no reliable numbers .
but , a small town police department did a nine year study of their cases once ... 41 % false .
every1 else considers me kind of a tomboy so i guess that 's good ?
idk i feel guilty for painting my nails using pastel colors and make up ha
christianity was n't central to their acts , whereas for the jihadists it is absolutely central .
is that so difficult a point to grasp ?
bet there would not be so many interracial relationships if all the baby come out white
19 year old male : : i hate this music .
it 's so gay ... are you gay ?
me : : uhm , yes actually .
19 year old male : : no , you 're not .
really ?
me : : yes , really . [
pause ] 19 year old male : : so you 're bisexual ?
i am a 21 year old female , at a friend 's birthday party .
made me feel never recognized .
too bad she is religious ugh whyyyyy
i do n't have to sweet talk u , i 'll just shive my cock in ur ass and rape u then you 'll be my faggot , faggot
dude looks like roman atwood 's white trash cousin .
lmfao get fucked incel scum
you can say you want to kill the president on twitter but you can not call people cunts the absolute fucking state of gay social media kill jack dorsey how about that fucking nigger
! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
rt @c_g_anderson : @viva_based she look like a tranny
britain and usa are israel real enemies and the palestinians and other arabs are potential partners against american imperialism
your presumption is harsh and based on what , exactly ?
sounds about right must suck to be a retard that can not get a real job and to be conscious of that
about these polls you talk about .
the one by civil beat , there is nothing in there that asked if people supported rail .
what was asked was if one had a positive or negative opinion of caldwell , if he 's doing a good job on the rail project , and if there has to be a increase in taxes , which tax would you rather increase .
there was an overwhelming amount of people that had a negative opinion of caldwell and saying that he was n't doing a good job on overseeing the rail project .
the star advertiser poll was a little skewed in questions asked .
but 64 % said to finish to ala moana .
i say skewed because construction is almost half done and most people would just go with what 's going on already .
not to mention on that poll , 64 % says finish it ,   yet 57 % and 83 % says no to extending the surcharge or an increase in property taxes .
no raising taxes yet finish rail , kind of an oxymoron statement .
@gavin stick a dick up your ass sideways faggot little gavin sperm baby
yes , ' they won ' so that mostly everyone else ( citizens ) can lose .
great victory that was .
that is trump 's outlook ; winners and losers .
he is a truly defective and undeveloped man .
so many people are suggesting the wonderwoman outfit , but you guys i will be at gdc that sounds awkward
niggas are dumb as fucc idc
if moderate muslims are the ones that support jihadi murderers does this make him a moderate progressive
just seen the tweets .
fuck this miserable , nasty country and , particularly , fuck these dickless , lowlife , thick - as - horseshit , waste - of - skin excuses for men .
i hope they die in screaming agony of testicular leprosy .
url
< user > from shithole countries lol go suck on an orange turd
russell i'm going to fuck your wife stop fucking dying you useless cuck
it appears that /r / relationships hates it when men batter women , but when it 's a woman who batters a man and justice is expected , it 's a different story
what ’s a transgender ’s favorite tie ?
a rope .
presenting sensitive parts to a person you 're hostile with for a potentially painful procedure could end up backfiring . "
lol i called this guy an uneducated white piece of shit yesterday and guess what ?
i got to rip the hair off his tiny nuts and watch him scream today hashtag smash the patriarchy " .
yea , that could have been better thought out beforehand .
the second woman she is a stupid homophobic bitch i fucking hate her i 'm bi and i 'm a kid fuck her
looking to exchange nudes with anybody .
m / f / etc snap : tyroned396
red velvet got called black old and homophobic all by their own fandom i can ’ t 😭
anyone who was good enough to be allowed to serve in our military should be good enough to be eligible for citizenship .
no no personal accountability here and no whites arrested must be institutional structural racism yeah that it yep all that racism is keeping asians from raising their kids and having families too damn whites damn them goddamn america
mtf transwomen should nt have to compete against men in the olympics when they can compete in the special olympics instead
you 're reading the verses wrong , and also i 've interacted with you enough over the past few months to know that you 're a raging homophobe and not worth my time .
i guess morgan freeman is restricted to only being authorized to play the wise token nog in predominately white movies
niggas act more like bitchs then bitchs do !
they messy & they talk too much jus start wearing tampons already pussy .
sounds like an awesome make - work project for ottawa lawyers .
maybe we should make a rule that an ottawa lawyer has to certify every time a toilet is flushed within a mile of the ottawa river , that should give us additional substrate upon which to hire and pay an army of ottawa lawyers .
more efficient solution would be to send them all back immediately to the usa for processing and for selfie - boy in the pm office to get started on a law that says canada gets to consider for acceptance any refugee who has fled to canada from america and has been sent immediately back to america , should it be that the americans later rules against the refugee and aim to send them back to their home country .
so the rejected usa applicant would be told they can either go back to their home country or be sent to canada for consideration .
that way the refugee gets all the protection from canada as in your defended method , except ottawa does not waste its time up front in re - investigating case after case .
connect enthusiastically .
give relentlessly .
and lead bravely .
do that , and the future is yours ! –
ted coine # quote
thanksgiving is a great day shitposting to trigger neurotic shitlibs but you know what i will save that for the faggots over on twatter to all my gab fam a happy and blessed holiday take stock of your blessings and be thankful happythanksgiving
i ’m not holding my breath .
but think of the donations for the new statue of pierre trudeau ... we did n't think all those billionaires were meeting with trudeau for selfies ?
new private bank approval , china 's global investment bank , less regulation for ugly mansions replacing farmland in richmond ... china is a beacon of free speech and respect for international law , which is why a canadian citizen was held on fake charges and used as a bargaining chip to gain concessions from canada ... so it 's time we get closer and we ca n't ever bring up the south china sea , or tibet , or the dalai lama .
i was just debating with myself whether i should go to bed or have one last beer ...
is fitz ever going to find out that his son who passed was really his father 's ?
shonda keeping that on the back burner ? #
scandalabc
political opinions are like penises .
< repeat > .
< repeat > n that a woman should never have one .
what funny is that white women marry white men at higher rates than any other race or ethnic group marry their own
unfortunately you are right .
women get dead by these obsessive assoles .
i think transgender are ok , dunno if   i 'd want one next to me " in country " , preferable to colonel john o'connell vc and bar however @farrightwatch
thank you for the articles i know about what going on in sweden too do not get me started on these pseudo feminist idiot hypocrite women and their feminized castrated men my blood boils
i fucking hate white men in politics i 'm gon na cut off all their fucking dicks
male /māl/ adjective 1 .
of or denoting the sex that produces small , typically motile gametes , especially spermatozoa , with which a female may be fertilized or inseminated to produce offspring .
if the individual can not produce male gametes and was not born with the ability to create male gametes ; then they are therefore not male .
your article does n't say if this increases the total number of police officers for federal way , or if these are replacements ( backfill ) for officers that have left fwpd .
please sticky - new subreddit to subscribe to - /r / niceguyswatch where we criticize /r / niceguys
feminists do n't hate men .
they hate their own biology .
too bad the home owners did n't put a bullet in him .
it would have saved a lot of trouble and this man would never do this again .
once new immigrants discover there is life outside of the gta , most will leave for greener pastures or else be saddled with a debt burden for many generations .
i 've watched kolo toure dancing to the yaya / kolo song about 25 times now and it still has n't got old & # 128514;&#127808 ; # 6inarow @celticfc
asian white supremacists are the most insidious of all the hate mongers .
they lul you into a false sense of security and use their asian heritage to shield themselves from scrutiny .
then bam .
that 's when they get you , a mob of asian ninja nazis attacks you with nunchucks .
url
we are being forced to accept and pay for these muslim immigrants by obama and the democratic party all for future votes and the twisted agenda of obama
last i checked , the president works for us , not the other way around .
with the village people blaring from a < number > < number > track ghetto blaster slung over polly shoulder
if alfie was non white he would already be in italy receiving treatment truth
clean all of it , cuck .
clean her messy pussy .
clean his big cock .
suck his balls .
lick her asshole .
this is your place .
do n't argue .
just do it . #
cuckold # hotwife # cuckoldcaptions # creampiecleanup # cumcleanup # pussyworship url
i do not blame blacks for not feeling any connections with america this country was not meant for them and never will be they would be a lot better off if we send them back to africa
@tnhtalk fucking thot
< user > yuh we nigga i m a cowboys fan unlike ur patriot faggot ass
# morningjoe # theview # justsaying if susan rice had clearance to ' unmask ' @joenbc is ok ; did she distribute info to uncleared persons is q & # 129300 ;
indian people 's support england maybe because new zealand kick out indian team from world cup
hey , they should have cast a red head white chick as mulan , because why not when you 're on a roll ?
i presented 3 times today ..... collectively about 2.5 hours of my day was spent presenting .
with that i remind myself : only 3 weeks left & # 128588;&#127996 ;
2/ madison ’s language was as elegant as the truth was harsh : national popular elections were not going to happen because they would not give the slave states as much power as they sought in selecting presidents .
white southerners wanted the electoral strength of their states to reflect their slave populations — which would not have been possible with direct elections , since slaves obviously would never be given the vote .
it was , however , possible in an electoral system that linked a state ’s voting strength to its representation in congress — since slaves counted as three fifths of a person in apportioning seats to the house of representatives .
> > 

 http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2005/03/24/the-electoral-college-flunks/
yea it 's especially weird considering their proclivity for pedophilia and prepubescent girls .
i 'm guessing their logic is " chads like huge pornstar tits and all women care about is what chad thinks so therefore all women want to look like pamela anderson and if i tell them they 're flat they 'll be wrecked . "
i 've been bullying bottoms all day someone t*p me and shut me up
< user > you can not say the n word just like i would not call a gay person a faggot weird point to make cause he still seems perfectly fine saying faggot not like anyone is advocating to let white people go arround calling random black people nigger kinda defeats itself
did god actually turn into trailer trash preacher 😂
north korea then starts daily firing of hundreds of artillery shells into seoul , and fires missile with live conventional warheads into japan .
now what ?
i do n't think you appreciate the irony of your own comment .
the ' very problem ' you refer to is an opinion tailored to your opinion .
the writer knows how to reinforce your belief that both of you are more intelligent than those who disagree with you .
it strikes me that the problem you are refering to is disagreement itself and that it is problematic for someone to challenge your opinion .
this is precisely what the subject of the piece , donald trump is accused of doing .
go to arizona and stay there .
so i officially deactivated my facebook account and everyone is pissed cause they think i blocked them and just making excuses .
yep .
< user > < user > the point is we black people don ’ t control these departments the negros they allow in are severely vetted
and everyone else we catch sexting , even womem in positions of power in academic institutions , women who use sexts to catch men who they think will advance their careers !
your ' truth ' was taught to me at springfield high school in the 1960 's .
anyone who can read can figure it out by reading the us constitution and the 3/5 slave provisions alone .
where were you educated that these facts were not taught ?
how did you learn about them if not in a school ?
while slavery was part of the electoral college and house of representatives paradigm ; i submit that a larger proportion was the fear of the illiterate non - property owners controlling the presidency .
while much of the world is focused on president trump 's buffoonery and muslims travel bans - this is the real worry with having a train wreck of a man for potus .
vile governments like netanyahu 's thieving lands they know , and most world countries recognize are not israeli property but palestinian .
the fallout from the lack of israel / palestine peace process has been acknowledged since osama bin laden claimed responsibility for 9/11 .
but outright theft and arrogance like netanyahu 's combined with the arrogant , seemingly ignorant and uncaring white house will blow back on us all .
with justification .
my account showed wired activity after my last thread 
 sounds like the fbi to me , should i be worried ?
an observation the most anti gay men i know tend to be good with women either because they are players or they know how to keep their wives under their thumbs the most pro homo men i have known are either incels or stuck in relationships with bitchy ugly women who dominate them
but imma have to get ghetto and start picking from the medsci building
why not chuck the " stuck - fast - ferry " in there as fill ?
yeah that one was special he got really mad at people that called him out on it too it a common kike tactic that the ragheads picked up on too
he may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but do n't let that fool you .
he really is an idiot . -
groucho marx # quote # quoteoftheday
bunch of halfwit hoes and dullard ass niggas
so we are only indigenous to africa ?
why is a gay kike giving a speech about it being ok to be white i thought his granpappy was one of < number > trillion kikes gassed soaped and lampshaded in the holohoax nametheperfidiousjew
abhinandan of central as wel state government for making air travel with in the reach of common man now it 's not a monopoly of rich
people should continue to email their mps and oppose ceta , it will probably happen sooner or later , but the more we oppose the problems it creates the more we will get fixes included .
lower medicine costs etc .
we need to prioritize canadian owned companies and we need to limit immigration and foreign workers that come to canada .
more canadian ownership and less foreign workers and less immigration makes the canadian economy stronger , email your mps today .
< user > < user > < user > so what about adults who bring disease to this country what about lack of choice what about failure to modernise vaccination manufacture processes how dare you go to war on concerned parents without addressing concerns first
what can you do when your opponent has you up close , his head against yours , and it feels like you 're locked in and ca n't do anything ?
< user > it ’ ghetto lol
submissive trump bows to his master
< user > < user > she s so hot
nothing wrong with quebec , they have very white cities and are a proud group of people aside from the gay section of montreal , its a very nice city
this guy is worse than the crazy north korean .
hell ai n't real .
stop being a religious nigger .
also the context of this is just , fucking horrible
rt @yuuyaa0 : guys be going out every weekend and say they want a girl that does n't go out & # 128514 ; fucking hypocrites
wah they call me a nazi because i hate jews and blacks people walls like a wannabe nazi talks like a wannabe nazi it a wannabe nazi lol and a poor excuse of one you are too pussy to do shit about it
dudes that think 5 is promiscuous are idiots that are n't getting laid .
perhaps the mgtow community ?
big u a g he not explaining himself to a weirdo who let 's other men play in his azz fuck outta here yo bitch ass the one got some explaining to do like y yo grown ass taking pics with the guy that supposed to have raped u u lying bitch
the problem with this is the wokist today see the american national identity as white .
i think most conservatives see the american national identity as american .
my wife was born and raised in chile .
she came to the country legally ( it is a long process that needs to be easier , but not the point of this thread . )
and gained citizenship .
she identifies as american and is very pro wall , very anit - illegal immigrant and very pro legal immigrant .
@_semahernandez _ @senseof_outrage what 's your take on bds ?
the nonviolent movement for palestinian rights
natives   have appropriated movies , music , clothing , food , hair , transportation and housing from white culture .
blue jeans , cars , tv , and pizza are caucasoid eurocentric .
they even appropriated the very paints ,   brushes , tools and canvases of white man upon which they create their own indigenous art .
hypocrisy is not a white man disease .
romeo is a cowardly military ass kissing liberal elitist piece of do nothing and whine about it girly guy .
get the bot to ban me end my suffering
if your living off a female kill yourself
i have so much anger in my little person it is fucking insane .
yeah since your more likely to be killed by someone you know and most of america is pretty segregated .
blacks kill more blacks and whites kill more whites
so it 's true your only a fag because girls hate your tiny shrimp dick ?
that is so funny !
what a small dick loser you are 😂 🤣
it actually baffles me how someone can be racist homophobic transphobic islamaphobic anti semitic etc like how and why
! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
rt @c_g_anderson : @viva_based she look like a tranny
i hate anime [ continues watching it and buying merch anyways ] fuck anime
so no violence in the northern parts of nigeria
maugs love letting them white walkers in so easily
$ 1.1million with a five percent nominal rate of return ( the growth rate ) will provide $ 55,000 in perpetuity .
you would n't need to touch the principal .
a 2 % inflation rate means a real ( inflation adjusted ) rate of return of only 3 % .
at that rated , to maintain a $ 55,000 income , you would deplete your principal in about 31 years .
however , that is not what the article is discussing when 5 % growth rate and 2 % inflation comes up .
it is discussing how much the couple needs when they retire , and whether they will have enough money .
in other words , would a growth rate in their savings of investment of 5 % ( return on investments + new contributions ? ) ,
would it be enough to support their retirement if their expenses are rising at 2 % per year ?
twatter is dominated by the regressive left who deal in emotion not logic multiculturalism is a cancer that has brought down civilizations throughout history on gab it okay to be white and okay to speak freely
< user > < user > < user > < user > those people are dumb norway is less than < percent > the size of the states it like < percent > white and fairly culturally homogenous most of the immigrants come from white christian cultures it would be like trying to base national policy on some statistics about colorado
i personally do n't mind it , so long as we are doing due diligence .
some of the names suggested for the post earlier in the year just did n't inspire confidence , and i 'd much rather we leave this vacant than commit money to a someone who 'll be fired in 2 years .
the holy bible is christian .
the new testament is christian .
the old testament is judaism , kept intact for reference .
@sportslarryknbr amazing ?
he plays in the wcc .
twice a year he gets to play lmu , pepperdine , portland and usf among others
this is exactly what is happening at hoopili - the caldwell rail tod scheme is building a tax - payer funded rail station on empty farmland for hoopili to sell a california subsurban real estate project .
the hoopili eis even says only a few hundred will even use the station !
.
they have already purchased very expensive artwork for the not yet built station which might only handle a few hundred residents .
used mostly as an " amenity " to sell real estate like a pool or fountain for dr horton - something to appear in their sales brochures and videos - all paid by us and oahu tax - payers !
disney must make a story about filipino
this white police birch break into a black man house an kill him an walk free an still out here
ok jews there are no gay blacks old enough to have white hair
ah yes , because obama was handed an economy in shambles from a deep recession , a gop and president that refused to pay for the wars they started ( instead adding it to our national debt ) and reducing taxes further putting us in debt .
obama would never have been able to increase taxes to pay for the wars due to the gop .
you ca n't complain about the national debt if you 're also against tax increases and against big cuts in military spending .
last but not least , shoutout to those guys on the bus in georgia that were talking shit until they ran after being confronted by my friend .
the cabinet for the most part ,   seem to be central canadian political activists .
not a good sign for moving the country forward or for creating unity .
i think a lot of canadians feel betrayed .
< user > fancy meeting you here brother twitter shoah d me too did you get back on yet i am thinking of spending a little time here in the gab ghetto before i go back
what 's the point of being a gay trans man ?
why did n't you just stay a straight girl ?
whenever somebody tries to accuse you of bullying and putting down women , just remember that stuff like this makes the front page of reddit on a daily basis .
sorry mods , i posted this twice by mistake so you can kill this thread and leave the other as i ca nt seem to be able to delete it .
i did not offer the reward you stupid fucking moron thuthwillout films did you have got to be the most retarded fucking person on gab stfu you fucking cunt
see there him and then there the rest of you niggers
1st april might be a good start.after show we went to urut badan - makeup - eating - lepak - eating - and went to a show .
literally it is so memorable
i   was our valedictorian .
< user > very sad moreno valley is ghetto stay away
as a cabbie once put it , " another woman trying to be a man "
so let 's start the conversation we have every year in baseball .
do n't worry , there are 162 games , it 's early .
this team has nothing going for it and will be lucky to   get out of last place .
" sessions talked tuesday of improving morale in local police departments , which he maintained had been unfairly maligned , and he notably refused to commit to leaving unchanged consent decrees mandating changes at certain departments . "
still the same old " let the police run wild " ( as long as white people are nt killed ) racist jerk who was denied a federal judgeship in 1986 because he referred to a black colleague as " boy , " used the n word freely and " joked " about liking the kkk until he heard they liked marihuana .
same sessions who blocked black judges from nomination and sitting on the bench when he headed the judiciary committee .
it just gets worse and worse .
white claws are for white girls what michelob ultras are to mexican girls just an excuse to get drunk unleash their inner slut 🤣
yta , she 's a kid come on .
this sounds like the type of parent that tries to get his daughter / son achieve something the parent never did .
she has summer holiday , two sleepovers in what , six weeks is nothing ? ?
no he was bright enough to pander to the uneducated white males which are numerous in the states , hence the ku klux klan support , and then he was betting on the stupidity of the republicans who would rather vote for someone they despise rather than for a democrat .
the non terrorist muslims provide cover and support for the active jihadis .
mao said " the guerrilla must move amongst the people as a fish swims in the sea . " '
peaceful ' muslims form the sea that hides and sustains the jihadis .
that 's why they all have to go .
it is hardly fair .
leftists control 80 percent or more of media .
they freely electioneer for democrats and criticise republicans .
yet the dems on the fec ca n't stand that occasionally   a few things are said in support of the right .
i am not opposed to gifted women working in the sciences but can we please end affirmative action implement a meritocracy instead
your mother is a bad person , and barely able to keep you alive .
also never buy a french car .
yet people do it all the time .
" what 's your agenda , barry ? "
that , within 2 or 3 generations , that the usa become a brown nation .
lgbt people are six times more likely to attempt suicide than normal people .
& # 128514;&#128514 ; niggas sending screenshots of me to they bitches like " stop texting cuh " & # 128557 ;
my < number > inch tv arrived yesterday .
i was n't expecting a midget transvestite .
it is a good thing they relocated all of the new orleans katrina refugees to houston they will be of great help teaching the locals how to handle this flood
brown must be friends with idiot boy trudeau he has given < money > to the un clinton foundation moslem dictators but he has refused to repair the rail line up to churchill manitoba our northern sea port everything goes to moslems nothing to canada canadians
< user > lmao i hate you
anybody else like me they prefer taped stuff instead of live stuff i know i already know the results of stuff but i think the real beauty is seeing how things play out
< user > katniss was lesbian let ’ be honest
dat uppity negro kanye dared speak up he not gon na be a house nigger no more put his black ass in the field after you whip him good the democrats and progressives i love it when they show their true colors so clearly
diseases humans carry from having sex all the time with eachother and not planting food tree .
anemia .
eats meat and bread says fuck europe   hemophila - cunt , whore , no love for anyone whore sickle - cell anemia c - blood shaped as c 's , nig ger , instead of lines fucks all the time
kill yourself instead
a friend from twitter is trying to escape his emotionally abusive wife
i would beat the fuck out this bitch wtf youn do no shit like that in front of a child url
david strah shares his experiences raising a trans son on latest episode of daddy square - time for families url url
two week gaf ban for shouting down people equating rachel dolezal with people who 're transgender .
worth it .
girls like bad boys because they are fun sociable and do not give a shit about them girls like gay men because they are fun sociable and do not give a shit about them i am seeing a link here are not all bad boys just closet homosexuals
< user > nah but fr 😭 the double standards that a lot of muslim men hold make zero sense to me
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
how do you turn vegetables into fruit ?
teach the special education kids about lgbt propaganda .
i 'd going trick or treating with my gran tonight .
it ’s the only time i can take her out as she ’s been dead for ten years .
i 'd encourage all citizens to get a twitter account so they can fully appreciate trump 's rantings ; he is truly bizarre .
the media has stopped reporting most of them like they were , but he 's still at it .
plus , it 's downright therapeutic to simply answer him back in real time .
i have a feeling he does n't read my tweets .
hate crime ?
i consider it to be a rare example of rational thinking by donald trump .
which religion do the overwhelming majority of modern day terrorists espouse ( in whatever demented way ) ?
which religion continues to revere and follow a book that exhorts its believers to annihilate all infidels ?
muslims have shown themselves to be unwilling or incapable of dealing with the nutbars hiding in their tent , so it falls to others to do something .
say , bill , what sex was jesus ' dad , god ?
was god a male ?
if so , and jesus and man are in his likeness , what did god do for sex ?
was jesus a bastard , i.e. joseph his dad was n't his dad ?
that would make mary a cheater and joseph a cuckold , right ?
last friday an associate here handed out 100 nv leaflets at a rodeo depicting a graphic summation of non - white ( mestizo ) immigration .
@profjoyceharper @drangelalawson exactly .
do n't cut parts off intersex children , or the labia from girls , or the foreskin from boys .
we could easily end circumcision , fgm , and intersex correction with one consistent law .
< user > it actually country but ghetto stole it
these bitches are so obnoxious
bonuses should be related to revenue collection targets .
since there was a short fall this year in those targets , the salaries of sars executives should be decreased proportionally ; would n’t it make sense , eh ?
that pepsi ad tho ... how tone deaf can you be , how fucking embarrassing
tennessee actually has a muslim refugee problem was intentional on 0 bummer part
where is my ghetto hood king
> i 'm not focusing on one over the other .
this is a thread about the treatment of queer people in shariah law countries .
i 'm just calling out peoples whataboutism .
you are , though , because it 's not about the religion .
> but since you brought it up , one of these shitty religions has a vastly larger deathtoll than the other these days .
so if the goal is saving lgbt lives , maybe we should be focusing more on one than the other .
or focusing more on the region if it makes you feel better .
yes , it would make me feel better for you to focus on the relevant independent variable here .
also another day another proof that men are fucking trash
lrt only white people can fuck up queso like that huh
come together as humans means join the african and muslim rapists talk about a dog whistle
@ heath ashley- you been popping to many of them little red speed pills .
trump sucks and you must love having his penis rammed up your tight conservative asshole .
your parents must be very disappointed that you turned out to be a fag .
really i was 12 when i slep with a 20 year old girls at those ages know how to pull crap over guys this is bull crap the parents and crap need to stop thinking that they r all good and nice when in fact behind there backs there freaken evil this boy should n't of been charged this is getting out of hand
eat my dick , virgin
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
get caught mowing down people from a hotel room ... oh wait .
do you think criminals with the intent to use full auto fire care about the nfa ?
the point is that converting semi - autos to full auto to " prevent this from happening again " is like asking it to stop being cold outside .
you can convert simple materials to deadly ones before police have a chance to even know about it .
and how many white people have raped children .
@profjoyceharper @drangelalawson exactly .
do n't cut parts off intersex children , or the labia from girls , or the foreskin from boys .
we could easily end circumcision , fgm , and intersex correction with one consistent law .
saw many a show there , some with my son .
enjoyed them all .
the sight lines and the proximity better than any other venue i 've been to .
sad to see it go .
thank you , mr. carson , for making such great talent available to us .
i want my fucking cousin yo & # 128546;&#128546 ; u know i ont fucking cry but u got my eyes pouring
why would a ripped and well to do guy like sodini get rejected .... 
 on the other hand sivkly and drug addicted bums have no problems getting laid ?
excuse me ?
some of the the richest states in the world live in the region and refuse to take in the migrants .
they are the problem .
pretty damn obvious .
or if america , britain and france are causing these issues , they take them all .
not canada , we will take some sure but we cannot be the escape hatch for dictators around the world .
the men must fight and die for their land as my ancestors did with stalin rose and the women and children went to canada while male ancestors were obliterated fighting and dying for their land .
the weaker sex -- boys are being outclassed by girls at both school and university , and the gap is widening
shut your faggot ass up .
you know damn well how that stigma is nowhere near the same level as it is with reversed roles .
this fake outrage y' all perpetrating is played out .
he 's a douchebag , but you 're just sounding like a straight up bitch .
> white men evolution does n't care about your race or gender or even species , it wants you to reproduce as much as possible regardless .
< user > < user > then what do you say about modi forceful intervention in iok < number > boys taken to concentration camps women raped curfew etc etc is nt modi patronizing a zionist ideology i do nt think true hinduism preaches mass killing
for normies that claim that they are willing to talk to us and claim that are willing to listen to us vent .
can not really compare seasoned battlefield sand niggers who will die for their cause to soy fed scrawny little clerk boy they tortured weev they most certainly completely fucked mannings mind
@ilhanmn you should know the reason muslims have so many gay men .
think , women are not treated as equal .
most of the women are killed or in prison .
all the men hang around with each other .
they bath together , eat together , talk together .
no hole to put their pecker in .
they 're gon na b gay
i have a dream that liberals will stop calling people they disagree with racists or nazis
we have casualties and a man down and you re still running your mouth .
you re either a paid troll or someone who is only thinking of themselves and how they can turn this tragedy into a podium for political grandstanding .
either way , you are no american sir .
may god have mercy on your soul .
< user > just like saying it good people on both sides when referring to nazis that a direct promotion of fascism disclosure
we need to use the report feature more against normies that troll and attack us 
 maybe they 'll finally get the hint
women lie to kick it niggas lie to hit 💯
a shetson 

 even in today 's society men are permitted to use psychological tactics to wear down women , for the purpose of sex , or any other reason .
and women use the same tactic too - against men , probably , and against women .
i know .
this has nothing to do with religion .
and nothing to do with rape .
that 's a feminist distortion of men 's desire for sex , calling it rape culture .
central oregon is nice and cheap .
gag on my dick pussy
yup , and where were his ships registered again ?
pretty sure it was n't canada ! !
racist is not a guy who screams paki at me he ignorant real racist asks smilingly where r u fm originally then makes policy 2 stop u
that 's why i fucked yo bitch you fat muthafucker
well it beats the whole hitler was jesus millennial shithead reactionary meme hitler was just as owned by creepy faggots behind the scenes as hussein obama
civilized lol and now the pakis are on british soil just returning the favor good job ain t karma a bitch
it takes on average , 7 relapses until treatment takes .
keep that in mind .
what do you call 369 transgender individuals killed this year ?
a good start
i fell on my fucking face and it took me over 5 meters to stop
when you see terrorist events in western countries they are usually being committed by muslim men , sometimes they are not .
but remember , muslim men are not a significant portion of the population in any western country .
they are just 4 % of the population of france , 2 % of the population in the united kingdom and 1 % in the united states .
they should not be committing the majority of any crimes .
for all the taxes they take out of my paycheck the least they could do is send me a picture of the ghetto family i am supporting to hang on my fridge
" because mr. morneau did n't hold the morneau shepell shares personally , but rather through a private corporation " 

 hmmm sounds pretty hypocritical considering they are trying to get rid of passive investments for small businesses .
haha @tharodickk i m not sexist .... but i honestly think only men should be reporting on football on sportscenter ... just saying haha
lololololol 

 oh honey .
one article on toxic male behaviour , and you 're having kittens ?
if this was an article about toxic female behaivour ( yes , they 've had them .
there are also books and movies on the topic ) , would you have posted the same comment ?
of course not .
the reason why " go back where you came from " is so vile is that immigration is a centerpiece of the american experience .
people who came here yesterday are as american as our oldest families . (
and by the way , many of our oldest families descended from enslaved people . )
really gon na burn white british bitches if they breathe their toilet paper washed ass breath around bts
i hope they catch that piece of sh.t and this is why i urge all women to pack some heat .
want someone who will be a friend and a girlfriend and that will like me for me and not walk all over me .
i like the outdoors , camping , hiking , movies .
my fav .
color is white and like country music and i also like tattoos .
< user > it not men fault you want to kill yourself more days than not i just want to make that clear
there 's one particular person that has tweeted about me more than 40 times in the past 12 hours .
this has been her pattern for the & gt;1 week .
addios music master .
soccer # livescore : ( vie - vl1 ) # songlamnghean vs # hochiminhcity : 1 - 1 .
goal for ho chi minh city ...
you are the one that keeps flipping - i am simply stating most of what you spout is conjecture and not scientific .
i have an explanation , granted it is one you do not accept , but i have an explanation i can trust in .
you have nothing - you have conjecture based on unknowable truth claims .
i am not here to prove my point - but to disprove yours , which i have done soundly .
the stuff you spout is not " scientific theory " like gravity , goo becoming fish that then fish become humans is not " scientific theory " ( which is really a contradiction in terms as " hard science " is - i am not even going to go back there because you do n't listen ) ... 

 from wiki : 
 a scientific theory is a well - substantiated explanation of some aspect of the natural world , based on a body of facts that have been repeatedly confirmed through observation and experiment .
such fact - supported theories are not " guesses " but reliable accounts of the real world .
none of what you say meets the criteria for this .
had plans with my girlfriend , but she 's ditched them to play rainbow 6 siege with her other girlfriend .
looks like i 'm the april fool :(
.... and that 's why i do n't bother to distinguish between homosexuality and pedophilia .
if i had $ 5 for every gender i would have $ 8.85 and a lot of counterfeit money .
ma'am , you have to wait with your own party !
excuse me , ma'am , you have to wait your turn !
yeah or you can start from the negative look at nonwhite countries and nonwhite ghettos in white countries and go from there it is not a difficult question
trump is anti - women .
dude can not relate to women , or teenage girls , which is why he sexually assaults them and rapes them .
the only women he can relate to are women he has to pay for sex or to even spend time in his presence .
now that is un - american .
the orange racist rapist should definitely get out of our country .
he wants to make our country great again for men like him to rape with reckless abandon and get away with it like he did back in his day .
< user > bitch ain ’ t no sike mfs sick
i 'm not sure we should have a dog in this particular fight .
that being said , i 'm just not comfortable with us   bombing the kurds ,   the druze , the sunnis , or the christians in syria .
the alawites are assad 's buddies .
as are hezbollah and iran and the shi'ites .
my preference would be to re - supply israel with additional nukes after they remove those who threaten their actual existence .
who cares even if he was smoking and drinking .
that in no way makes it ok for him to be killed .
you are not intelligent just because you use the term cognitive dissonance .
you 're scum man .
you have absolutely no sense of decency
alright , gay fag
yep !
wild - eyed wayne ( lapierre )   rides on !
man - teases woman about pooping this entire subreddit - wow your a fucking asshole , no woman should have to deal with a pig like you .
another user insisting on injecting themselves into daily melania after a polite request to stop it , so feel free to mute @kenslem if you prefer to view the thread unpolluted .

guranteed at least one of these guys has raped a woman before .
maybe all of them .
liar @devinnunes must resign from house intel cmte for collusion w/#traitor trump .
@adamschiffca # impeach45 # russiagate
don young has had his time .
he 's been a good congressman .
but it 's time to put the ol' boy out to pasture .
he 's hopelessly out of touch .
he 's more of an embarassment now than effective .
and lindbeck is a quality , proven guy who should replace young well .
thank ya baby gays ✌ ️ 😉
you are one meanspirited nasty bitter man .
happy effing easter .
and a society that expected chastity from women , and praised male virility .
a lesbian lass from khartoum once invited a queer to her room they spent the whole night in a terrible fight over who would do what and to whom
has jesse , al , fredericka , etc .
got there in seattle yet ?
where 's barry judging this racial crime ?
as the racist liberal media have penned this incident as of white cops shooting a black lady .
the naacp has judged this as a racial crime too !
please print the facts of the case .
the blm there yet ?
" pigs in a blanket , fry 'em like bacon , " 
 the good boys be coming to seattle for the looting riots , board up your store windows !
roll your vehicles off the streets , set your rubbish dumpster on public streets for self - cleanup bon fiya 's .
1st april might be a good start.after show we went to urut badan - makeup - eating - lepak - eating - and went to a show .
literally it is so memorable
and by islamic reform i mean nuking every moslem city on the planet
i hate when i miss a lot of days ago & amp ; somebody ask where i been bitch minding my grown ass business .. the fuck
i would make a transgender joke , but ... ... mom always told me not to make fun of the mentally ill .
a sad pathetic comment about a brave man .
homosexuals ca n't undo the fight against white genocide , only hypocrites can , i 'd rather have openly homosexual men on our side than closet fags or sexual deviants who skulk about pretending to be something they 're not .
i 'm not so sure .
a twin engine aircraft than loses one has to trim its controls significantly to overcome the force imbalance of just one engine .
this is easy when cruising , but not during high - g / thrust maneuvers and takeoff .
since a twin engine craft is twice as likely to have a mechanical engine failure , the question of safety comes down to whether they are more likely to occur during cruise or maneuvers .
aerobatic teams almost always use single engine aircraft to minimize maintenance and support needs , but i suspect that on some level they are also recognized as safer in that role .
since volume and airflow scales up more than gaps and surfaces , pressure and heat losses are lower in one big engine than two smaller ones , so it is more efficient .
for the same reason , it is also lighter .
both mean greater range or payload .
retarded .
delete this app and delete dating apps .
you 're a legitimate loser and need to talk to girls irl
would the response be as positive if it was a male poster ?
y'all keep rting roosh and molyneaux giving those fuckbois the engagement they are looking for
< user > < user > if you are black hispanic gay or lesbian or democrat it all good nothing you do can be construed as a crime however if you are white or republican you can get the death penalty for a parking ticket
must be about time we blame arsene wenger for fucking everything .
state of us .
i was watching the kiwifarms stream and one of the hoes josh mentioned was a sikh chick that objected to touching any man but her husband .
take a second to imagine the terror you would feel coming from a 3rd world shithole where rape is a weekly activity as mundane as sweeping the floor , and having your livelihood threatened by a tranny forcing you to massage their penis and testicles .
the drama of it makes me so euphoric . *
tips trandora *
the only good muzzie is a dead muzzie make them all good muzzies mohammed was a dicksucking pedophile and a piece of shit just like every raghead
how do you turn vegetables into fruit ?
teach the special education kids about lgbt propaganda .
shut up lil bitch
fuck you you bitch ass nigger cunt i hate black niggers
hey if the left want refugees so bad over here bring on the swedish blondes lol
bitch back up before i hit ur dumb ass
gross !
creepy guy who is interested in dating his wife 's daughter :   predator only intent on his own disgusting yuck .
4chan wants people to start saying " i guess if we have to have women politicians at least it 's better if they 're not real women ” 
 make popcorn and spread the word .
niggers in tulsa on video saying fuck the police after a wild nigger mentally ill was killed by cops we do not want or need niggers in america quit using < number > niggers call black lives matter instead of < number > better yet leave america now you worthless pieces of shit
you bitches is real life basic asf step your motherfucking cookies up
aye , well in that case cheers for making me clarify my reasoning a bit further .
to be more clear , i consider sexual orientation and therefor the sex of your romantic partners to be completely trivial matters in the eyes of ( a normal ) society , meaning that we should accept is as is and not make a fuss about it .
to be even more clear , that 's in the eyes of a society , for an individual that is of course a big deal in life .. what matters is that there is love and that the people are good and kind , with whom matters not .
you get applauded for saying women are smarter than men as a feminist
surprised he could even do anything with all the cocks in his ass and in his mouth .
men are so fucking disgusting .
fucking pigs .
womxn do n't owe you shit .
keep your hands to your fucking selves .
url
yes , judge the president as a misogynist then marry into a monarchy .
+ kitt foxxe it is spelled faggot !
you dumbass cum dumpster !
why does motelroses look like a vulture
sooo , i 'm trying to stream today but pmdg does not let me activate :( all black screens and no working buttons .
i think you already know the answer to your own question .
it is good to think ahead .
that 's one of the reasons why i think canada needs very much to do its part to fight global warming .
and how will things look years ahead with vast devastation from rising ocean levels if the us succeeds in painting itself as principle villain in our worldwide failure to arrest the problems ?
america first and only america wo n't cut it .
the more people who have something to loose are blind to those with nothing to loose , the more we all will loose in the end .
austrians and dutch people are darker than the british , many of them with dark hair and brown eyes .
oh thank god , finally when i hit 30 maybe men will leave me the fuck alone 🙄
heh do you see this slut ?
she 's showing me how to properly worship a thick futa cock !
heh maybe you could come and show me how you 'd do it different , i 'm always happy to let you worship me !
url
flashback to the heyday of souls fandom and online content unsubscribing from a souls content creator like every week because they could not stop themselves from slipping a faggot or retarded into a video as a funny haha
fuck that bitch whore
fuck islam and fuck every muzzie muzzies are wifebeaters and goathumpers the only good muzzie is a dead muzzie i want them all to be good muzzies
oh belatedly remembering i had a thread for this ? ? ?
sorry this is me for the next 24 hrs pls mute me if u want
i usually know when friends or relatives are distressed through illness or accident / incident .
i then phone them and find out what has happened .
2019 ca n't come fast enough .
tucker carlson will interview donna brazile tonight on his show .
< user > so whites hate whites more than blacks hate whites your train of thought kind of lost me there
i used to work at a funeral home , and my new favorite racial stereotype is the black people have kick - ass funerals .
i 'm talking bright colored suits , loud gospel music , good southern cookin ' , singing , dancing - it truly is a celebration of life .
if you ever get the chance , i implore you to crash a black funeral .
this " article " is awful .
like , " women made the least money in mississippi , where their median weekly earnings were $ 591 . "
-- so what ?
a man 's median earnings in mississippi was $ 771 - - so that additional $ 181 a week was made because he 's a man ?
" black women earned less than white women , "   hmmm- suppose that has nothing to do with the fact that the single motherhood rate in the black community is 72 % though , right ?
the bls stats show that asian women out - earned white women-- so that clearly means asians are being prejudiced against white women , right ?
there should be a journalism class about how to properly write and interpret articles that involve wage statistics-- or this is what you get .
actually i have proven that you are largely ignorant of the law and that he feels it would violate his religious belief to have to make the cake .
this feeling is a reasonable belief that he is allowed to have by the law .
you still have not proven anything other then your only argument is to contest what i say and you have not built a foundation upon which to lay your argument that has any footing .
your level of ignorance is at the point where i am now just going to quit asking for proof as i have proven that you can not back up what you are saying because you have not done so at this point .
should you come up with actual proof that this man , who you are claiming is violating the law by not making the cake for a gay couple due to religious beliefs and that his religious beliefs are not protected by the constitution , as i have provided proof of , i will entertain your opinion .
other then that , you have proven that you do not know anything about even the basic rights of u.s. citizens .
no it will not we are a movement not a group of atomized individuals you are a very stupid person btw you meant dregs but you have the vocabulary of a retarded nigger
# poll illegal migrants should be deported ?
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
never in my life will you see me date a white butch lesbian i will never do that to myself
disagree , queers ought to be allowed to teach .
leaders have more to lose than gain by ignoring threats to school kids .
they have an obligation to protect them from clear threats .
parents would be outraged if the school knew of a threat and did nothing .
all these guys i used to think were brilliant , then i gradually realized they are just the other side of the same coin : basically secular fundamentalists .
seeing hitchens argue that male circumcision is exactly the same as female circumcision was final straw for me .
right .
because power hungry beerocrats have nothing better to do besides keeping dumdums off tracks and face a lawsuit over the whole thing when larry lawyer claims the railroad is at fault for not fencing it off .
dohhhhh
@lgbtlabscot women 's rights are not designed to exclude trans people , they are designed to protect the female sex - class .
out of the < number > richest folks in the world < number > are american of whom < number > are white women who inherited their money the rest are all white men
@langel212 ngl i m gon na chop off his d!ck
their mirror is easy to spot too .
women who are bad at sex think men must make them cum , and come to believe men are some sort of orgasm gatekeepers .
i do n't agree with trump that the freedom caucus is his enemy .
the caucus wants you to be more conservative , @realdonaldtrump
beigefrequency ran off to cumtown like a retarded faggot
you are attributing something which i did not say .
that was lawrence .
and i think people who only visit or vacation in montana should take pause before assuming they 're anywhere close to having it figured out .
montana is a complex state politically , not easily studied from afar or in spurts .
here 's a hint : calling montana " deep red " is false .
in 2012 , the state went for romney but elected a dem gov , re - elected a dem senator , and put dems in 3 of 4 other statewide offices .
it 's a purple state whose political proclivities are n't easily categorized or labeled .
uh , @twitter @safety ?
i am displeased that you want me to reply to these emails with more details when i file a report .
mh 01 ch 5498 this cab has over fast running meter ... travelling everyday morning from marine drive flyover to nature ( 1/3 )
freeland apparently could n't shake off getting yelled at on the mound the other day .
so bruised his ego that he gave up a hit .
........ john wilkes booth , lee harvey oswald , charles whitman , timothy mcveigh , ted bundy and 99.9999 % of mass murderers and the too often angry guy on a flight who are white and have a chip on their shoulder the size of alaska or did not get enough love from mommy ... maybe if tsa asked all white men from age 35 to 55 " sir , are you generally unhappy and pissed off at life ? ..
we would never pass security to board our flights .
junior minister pat gallagher is at the centre of a garda investigation after the disappearance of nine bangladeshis .
is voluntary ignorance related to " plausible deniability " ?
when your relatives think you are gay or something wrong with you 
 it is quite disturbing when your relatives think that you are gay because despite having a stable job in the big city but you still can not get a significant other however they do not introduce me to anyome either
senator schumer chose illegal immigrants who are in violation of the law of the land over legal law abiding citizens of this country never forget
obviously the owner does not care about earl .. otherwise he would have come forwad already .
besides who leaves their loved pet in the hands of a drug addict .
earl needs a loving home !
why arabs lose wars < user >
i am really sick of these retarded liberal scumbag cucks that want to destroy america
alaska is already the gun death capitol of the u.s. we lead the nation in men killing woman , forcible rape , and suicide .
anchorage is the most dangerous city for women and fairbanks is the second most dangerous in america .
putting more guns in the hands of our young men and woman is not going to solve this problem .
why does n't our legislature focus their energy on addressing the true issues in alaska which are gun violence , suicide , rape , murder ... 

 researchers found striking gender differences in the data .
when firearms were accessible , men were nearly four times more likely to commit suicide than when firearms were not accessible , while women were almost three times more likely to be victims of homicide - annals of internal medicine
so i officially deactivated my facebook account and everyone is pissed cause they think i blocked them and just making excuses .
yep .
it is so good to see the bonding between bangladeshi and indian bhai borthers .
3 of 4 of them were born in america moron .
how about we send melania back ?
" .. aaaaaand everyone saying to " " do something " " in syria yesterday will now call trump a warmonger .
https://t.co/2y1cg5pvkx "
it 's literally estrogen .
if you go to a doctor and tell them you want a sex change they will give you estrogen pills .
why do you think that is ?
what do you think estrogen does ?
are you really pretending you do n't notice how soft this next generation is ?
is that reality ?
how many guys that you grew up with cut their dicks off ?
i 'm gon na bet none , but now it 's becoming commonplace .
​ gee , i wonder what these kids are ingesting that we did n't .
oh look , fucking soy everywhere being pushed by everyone .
let 's see ... what is soy .
oh , it 's literally fucking e s t r o g e n
step 1 ) create go fund me page for providing homeless people with all the fentanyl they want .
step 2 ) watch the bodies hit the floor .
step 3 ) do not give them naloxone or cpr .
step 4 ) use decaying matter for compost / fertalizer
we need those epa dollars to help fund the $ 70 billion increase to the pentagon .
love a cream - filled hole .
makes fucking him all the more better .
got me hungry over here .
😈 💦 [ @alfaromeokenedy ]   follow @thunderwoodsxxx & @xxxthunderwoods for more hot gay porn .
url
how ?
warning : if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways then i will hear from heaven and i will forgive their sin and will heal their land .
babies blood is crying out from the ground , false accusations against the president , disrespect men with men women with women , fornicators , fowl mouths ... etc a new green deal will not help you , only humility and repentance will god hear .
america in god we trust we are the people called by his name .
stop killing our babies ban abortion .
we need to repent from our wicked ways .
white dude here .
feel the same way .
the dream is alive .
just got ta fight sometimes .
i think your analogy is actually very good , but i disagree with your conclusion .
all insurance involves pooling and cost sharing - car , property , health , etc . -
allocated according to risk .
if you 're at a higher risk of getting into a car accident and incurring costs within the " pool " ,   your premium is higher .
if you 're at a higher risk of getting sick and incurring costs within the " pool " , your premium should be higher .
i think lots of the arguments on healthcare boil down to certain people believing healthcare is a basic human right versus a commodity .
and others believing that the finest healthcare available is a basic human right .
but declaring excellent healthcare a basic human right would be massively expensive - requiring enormous government subsidies .
not too different from declaring ferrari 's is a basic human right .
i think low - level , very basic , very cheap healthcare should be a part of the social safety net .
but that 's it .
there 's just not enough money for much more .
i ’ m still that same yung ni**a < censored > from the ghetto
" on sept. 1st , 1853 i left my farm on the umpqua and started for jacksonville to hold u.s. district court there .
at the umpqua canyon i overtook lieut .
l.f grover with an advance company of col .
niesmith 's company .
at grave creek i stopped to feed my horse and get something to eat .
there was a house there called bates house after the man who kept it .
there i found cpt .
j.k. limerick in command of a company of volunteers .
it seems he had been sent there by general lane ... bates and the others had induced a small party of peaceable indians who belonged in that vincinity to enter into an engagement ... they invited them to partake of a feast in an unoccupied log house just across the road from bates house .
while the unarmed indians were partaking of the proffered hospitality , the door was suddenly fastened and they were shot down by their treacherous white hosts .
nearby i was shown a large hole which the bodies of the murdered had been unceremoniously tumbled . "
- judge matthew p. deady
mice are sexily jewish and i grow increasingly aroused thinking about rikki tikki tavi bitch
< number > ghetto white people who did drugs and got abortions and could not speak without using the f word they were called white negroes the black culture has become part of america white people endorsing this immorality and violence is why we are in decline
@musabazooka eat a dick you goofy ass bitch
sick of being treated like a fucking doormat by everyone
< user > it a traditional lutheran church serving estonian immigrants in southern california since < number >
< user > never hillary as a woman < user > represents nothing i would ever stand behind she has been a rapist enabler a feminazi and all around evil human being not only no but hell no trump 2020
this faggot < user > likes muslim goat dick advocates for white genocide and shills using the same repeated script i am sure that he a paid shill
an hour later : " wow a man looked at my breasts , i felt so humiliated , men are trash and pedophiles and sexist and homophobic and terrorists and drug dealers "
the reserves are at home in the cup semi final against afc hurst .
1.30pm .
come along and support the boys !
just commenting on one thing you mentioned - you can absolutely still date other women as a trans woman .
being sapphic is amazing and healing , and other queer women ( both cis and trans ) are some of the best people i 've ever known and dated .
it 's always you weird ass looking " i look like i 've tried to suck my own dick before " type niggaz that have the most shit to say about shit that does n't fucking concern your dumb ass !
indeed .... the nazi salute with a torch proves it .
except men do n't make up stories about being assaulted by women
i wish there was a version of twitter that did n't constantly remind me that the world is hell and that everyone hates black women
aw , com'on .
next you 'll be fantasizing over global warming , and even the existence of interstellar aliens .
you 'll be bashing rail as if its bankrupt , an eyesore , and fire retardant upon our financial future .
you might even become alarmed over those upstart , crybaby hawaiians fighting for cheap homesteads and whining for independence , as if they were n't already free and living in paradise .
worse , you might even open hawaii 's gates and tax coffers to the illegal aliens already on earth .
sheesh .
a possibly nuclear missile from n. korea ?
eh brah , gimme a break !
two terms of that shit in the white house < user >
all these people say they do not like violence unthinkable keep it legal they sure like this woman shooting up youtube do not they violence is commitment everyone respects it
defending muslims being in europe saying that islam is nt the greatest threat to the white race pick one kys for having the reading comprehension of a goat
pop that pussy for a real nigga
me too , it 's quite diluted i 'm sure , but my family has been in canada since the 1600s so yes , of course there was some intermarriage along the way .
i have the geneological research now , so i know it 's true .
racism is quite strange in canada , it takes this judgemental form .
when i shared the news with my friends that i found out from my father i was part native , they were all very skeptical and judgemental .
one of my good friends even trued right on me and started deriding me , it was totally bizarre .
they immediately went to " well i guess you do n't have to pay sales taxes then , right ? "
i did n't , they did .
i do n't care about any of that , just interested to know more about my actual family history .
yeah , canadians are really judgemental and petty sometimes !
jihad is voorgeschreven in de islamitische geschriften elke moslim is hiertoe verplicht dit hoeft niet altijd gewelddadig te zijn maar kan ook via rechtszaken leegzuigen social stelsel afdwingen privileges infiltratie enz
2 take from 1 , b / c it 's thought his own industry , has acquired too much , in order 2 spare 2 others , who have n't exercised equal industry & skill , is 2 violate the first principle of association , the guarantee 2 everyone the free exercise of his industry & the fruits acquired by it .
tjefferson ( 1816 )
would a man scream if i pinched his butt at the grocery store ?
i like how you keep making claims without proof hey show me some gay mammals we made in the lab i will wait while you take the dick out of your mouth to google d
.@martaservice trains are currently running on time .
we encourage motorists to use kissride parking . #
85bridgecollapse
what make you think that this people are deserving of a credit line .
i will not loan money to a unemployed man .
the marijuana industry is illegal onther federal law .
did you hear me !
first make it legal and then you can be avail to see possible   long term employment .
been in this industry is as shaky as going to jeff sessions   for advice on how to legalize marijuana , medical or recreational for that matter .
wait ,   neveda has idiots for politicians ,   they are considering asking the ag for advice .
no you can not get a loan you got a unstable employment as best .
if you got laid at least once on your own volition ( i.e. , not paid ) , does that mean you 're not an incel ?
where is the outrage against trump and all this " just locker room talk , it 's just how men talk " nonsense for lumping all men together as a bunch of lecherous sexual predators ?
i disagree before the british started to hire arab mercenaries to attack jewish villages arabs and jews got along fairly well jews fought in saladin army and modern kurds are mostly friendly with jews in the roman times the idumeans fought alongside the jewish anti roman militia
" sexually experienced " 
 imagine if an ebay seller tried to promote his used wares as experienced .
i 'm gona fuck your wallet and your wife so bend over and take it you sissy slut ! #
findom # finsubs # fincuck # alpha
some old white man accidentally facetimed me yesterday , he had this racist ass look on his face so we just stared at each other for like 37 seconds then i called him a nigga and hung up
why do immigrants like ilhan omar and ted lieu come to america and try to change it to be more like the countries they fled
< user > so islamaphobia bad anti semitic just fine no both are bad
i am not obligated to date a broke nigga mfs try to make you feel bad for having standards
" smarter , not harder " is asking way too much from this bumbling circus of clowns we 've unfortunately put in government .
this is a temporary solution .
the real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
i do feel sorry for mr johnson .
there are many men ( with red blood ) who really do care about whether our world is destroyed in a nuclear war , who really do care about the environment , who worry that republicans will kill sick americans through their ill - conceived ( and often racist ) attempts to replace the aca , and whether our ignorant , orange bloviater -in - chief will do something catastrophic , simply to spite obama ( for being black ) , or anyone else who offers the least criticism .
and feminism is something many men and women take as basic fairness in the 21st century .
unfortunately , mr johnson is living in too civilized a time , but really belongs to the era when testosterone ruled , wars were glorious ( as the profiteers laughed ) and women and " lesser races " were kept subjugated .
shout out to the girls that ain t retarded
but of course the filthy diseased riddles niggers do and the sand nigger muslims do the ultimate parasite on the white man they hate can not fucking wait for mass deportation on these brain dead savages we have had enough of them
blocked that nigga i do not need my morning ruined
i was sitting next to some really hot thai girl on the bus today .
all i could think to myself was , 
 " do n't get an erection , do n't get an erection ! "
but she did .
as long as you know niggers and blacks are not the same like immigrant and illegal immigrant are not the same do not sweat it cnn can not differentiate either go watch some tommy sotomayor and get educated
haha @tharodickk i m not sexist .... but i honestly think only men should be reporting on football on sportscenter ... just saying haha
i would gladly throw this slut off of a 20 story building
19 year old male : : i hate this music .
it 's so gay ... are you gay ?
me : : uhm , yes actually .
19 year old male : : no , you 're not .
really ?
me : : yes , really . [
pause ] 19 year old male : : so you 're bisexual ?
i am a 21 year old female , at a friend 's birthday party .
made me feel never recognized .
literally all you did was see a high rated comment in the video that was posted , and saw an opportunity to make some easy karma , and posted a rephrased version of that comment onto a picture .
i 'm gettin real tired of your shit , reddit .
sweat to god must be gods plan that a just stay a fat bastard aw ma life , joined the gym went twice and fucked my leg
i think you are a faggot
can not really say that i feel bad about that one < number > dead spic faggots and a dead muslimic none of whom belong in this country is a positive outcome imho
yes , all of us are challenging you cocksucker bitchass fuckboy
@sickboywolfgang @angryasianman so because it 's fiction it ai n't racist ?
okay ...
as you seem to be unaware of , every time a diocese are forced by a court to make public their archives .
it has been proven that bishops , many times for decades have been lying about not having priests in ministry with substantiated claims of abuse .
several diocese have been forced by courts to post their names and pictures on diocese websites .
need i explain more .
mr. genius ,   how come pedophile priests are listed on some diocese websites ?
there exists a likely mind blowing number of never before identified predator priests being secretly harbored by the catholic church in almost every diocese in the us .
many of these admitted pedophiles are retired , still priests and not on any watch list and not being monitored in any way .
do i need to explain this danger to you ?
and you wonder why these priests still are raping kids ?
if the church would have called police instead of hiding and transferring these animals in the first place .
the state would put them on parole and watch lists .
we took a similar approach to our kids ; the streets were for cars and not playgrounds .
our subdivision went in around 1980 and had two major attractions to us - sidewalks on one side of the streets with nearby trails and parks and playgrounds .
a real plus in that many of the houses had little if any back yard .
later subdivisions were allowed that had zero sidewalks in order to maximize the lot count for the developer .
we were faced with a developer in the ' 90s that had p&z approval to add 40 houses to an already gross cut through problem ; they had no back yards at all .
at one time city lot sizes were 15,000 sq ft minimum , today that size is driven only by fire code .
sound familiar ?
same here .
looked for it on the ibc web page but it is not there .
you would think that   strong track record of repayment would be crowed about since it would let the banks know about a source of good borrowers .
< user > i won ’ t hesitate bitch
< user > people who are responding to this tweet are retarded he was < number > they all say stupid things give them hell winnington
being transgender is like changing teams in csgo once you switch you 'll get hated and kicked
i wonder whether those supporting this practice of sequestration would enjoy seeing it inflicted it on their own wives and children .
approving of such practices is a perfect example of political correctness gone haywire .
religion   has nothing to do with the veil ; it is a cultic practice that has no place in modern society .
in our open , free culture , it isolates , inhibits and degrades the user , frightens others , and is pragmatically absurd .
stop supporting this practice !
wake up !
it 's not good for anyone , and if practiced by choice , would seem masochistic at best .
the only persons who literally enjoy seeing women veiled are backward , ignorant and culturally - deprived males who wish to assert domination or   proprietorship over women , or who wish to perpetuate a male - dominated society .
< user > < user > racist scum who is also a threat to innocent citizens are embraced by deblasio horrible my prayers to this woman white black green yellow people should not go unchecked with this random violence hate
i am going to make four predictions for < number > things i am positive will happen prediction for < number > < number > < number > germany or sweden courts will establish precedence that women who become pregnant from rape by a migrant can not abort the fetus without the father consent with threat of hate crime charges
i am tryna go find out the price on the boat my lil bitch act like megan thee stallion she ghetto and nasty she driving the boat 🗣 da baby is really nice 🔥 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️
this going for poc or what ?
anywhere there are large numbers of jews such as jew york you will find lots of dirt and garbage that because jews are rats in quasi human form
a female 's model society : all women are bred by a small group of chads , betas get sexbots as a pittance
he liked to make sure you would n't have to much fun while he was gone , that way you would n't blow your load until he 's filled your ass up with his cum # yiff # furry # femboy # gayfurry url
because they are not the nationalists of the 30s and 40s many of them were doctors scientists anthropologists - not chavs .
why does everyone keep saying " he " ?
it was a female professor because several times they say she and her .
eat a taco or somthing and stfu and be happy hoes
joe miller wants to get elected so he does n't have to work for a living !
that pepsi ad tho ... how tone deaf can you be , how fucking embarrassing
like was posted above blacks are waking up more whites then prowhites .
< user > < user > that ’ ghetto okay 😂 😭
obama did not do enough for black people not even god can do enough it impossible maybe if they ship in whites and asians and paint them black
< user > < user > animals kill more lhan abuse their bodies with homosexualism that means you think humans murdering is more natural than commit perversion of homo
what s with this creepy pirate following me around and singing wtf fucking queer
what has more brains than kurt cobain the wall behind him
niggas on defense after they throw a turnover url
from canada .
you americunts should get out of the middle east .
i personally hope each and every americunt is sent home in .
a body bag .
... multiple times you 're gunna fuck me selling my number up bc like wtf ... ?
pathetic
just because they are in super max does not mean they will never be out among us again .
dear cate blanchard the last time i let my sex be my moral compass it said and i quote make a left at the south border a hard left never go full retard cate you know
i am jewish so i may be a little biased here but i do feel that you are doing the right thing .
people in general should respect others of their relgious beleifs and even their spirtual ones .
< user > < user > what you do nt want illegal aliens in your city liberal logic is illogical
basically if the democrats want something it because they figure that in the long run it makes it easier for gay latino muslims to rape your kids mpcstatusupdates
western europe has some very liberal laws when it comes to drugs .
for example the netherlands .
i doubt that they want to move wada because of " shooting galleries " being set up by the liberals all over canada .
@johnackermann @matuajustin lmao .
some may have been born boys but they are all bitches now !
i mean no offense to the women .
just those antifa scumbags
the solution to save the white race is clearly to vilify women and not have children after all who wants the burdens of marriage like our dumb ancestors they should have probably just chosen to stroke it out rather than continue on our race
idiots were told to wear a goatskin condom when having sex , not a * * * goat * * * !
ignorant losers .
> among the positive outcomes of gender transition and related medical treatments for transgender individuals are improved quality of life , greater relationship satisfaction , higher self - esteem and confidence , and reductions in anxiety , depression , suicidality , and substance use .
url - equality / what - does - the - scholarly - research - say - about - the - well - being - of - transgender - people/
what has more brains than kurt cobain the wall behind him
damn these facebook people are so fucking predictable they are blaming gun violence on men time to dig up some skeletons
would it be better to declare talmudic judaism a enemy of the united states and exterminated from our society grope gate shows the world it is jews that are pedophiles not the muslims dead jewish goat raped to death by jews
you 're not bisexual .
bisexuality does n't exist .
suspended from twitter for calling a ghetto thug name tré melvin racist for referring to white people as white trash twitter is clearly moderated by members of the new black panther party
its funny bc people think i m quiet but i m just listening to everyones convos and figuring out ur weaknesses to destroy u later in life
japan died when those two nukes were dropped on them .
modern japan is nothing more than a glorified us aircraft carrier where the men are cartoon obsessed virgins and the women are bucktooth whores ready and willing to throw their entire race and country under the bus for foreign dick .
🥴
another white middle aged man who 's a sexual predator .
seriously what 's wrong with these men ... # johnhyten # thursdaythoughts    url
i miss that time of the american can do spirit !
at least 39 % anyway .
not sure it would be as high if the vote was today .
hopefully they 'll become know again for raiding and deporting as they should .
that 's fucking it i 'm going to cleveland for the weekend nobody talk to me & # 128581;&#127998 ;
people do not know who tyler is just say you hate niggers and go
you mean niggers tehn you ´ re right but know who took them to murrica muslims arabs goatfuckers
the constant chimpouts , the endless jewsh kvetching , the perpetual antiwhite scapegoating , the wildly exhausting , endless hysterics from sjw lgbt bourgeois cool kids who think the world revolves around their marginalized queer identity - all of this produces fatigue
i stalked a nigga n snitch on him b4 ... # aprilfools .
got me fucked up i ai n't a # fuckboy # fucknigga # pussynigga # clown # faggot # chin
not long ago giving children dreadful made up trashy misspelled firstnames was strictly a black thing e g antwoine shaquonda monikwa ta queesha daetrell ad nauseam now stupid white women are into it too i am seeing white kids given comical names like alecksus kaylleigh kaitlun
logan paul is a fucking bozo
still have no good explanation or example of why " diversity " is a good thing .
just virtue signaling crap .
no reason to .
they do nt owe anybody anything . #
silly # get off the plane
where is the outrage against trump and all this " just locker room talk , it 's just how men talk " nonsense for lumping all men together as a bunch of lecherous sexual predators ?
when a man makes more money , he feels like he wants more women but when a woman makes more money , she feels like she does n't need a man .
i can not call the government by an appropriate name .
read little lefty cry baby .
lefty checklist 
 let the criminals out .
let illegals in .
mainstream media 100 % gospel .
let boys in the girls bathrooms .
condemn police officers .
do n't care about the veterans .
eradicate history if offensive .
believe healthcare is a constitutional right .
kill the unborn - stomp on and burn the american flag .
accept barbarity in the name of islam- hugs , love and no borders will stop terrorism .
protect the sanctuary cities .
black lives only matter .
coddle the lazy .
encourage hate crimes .
call for the assassination of our president , talk of overthrowing our 
 government .
burn 
 businesses , attack innocent bystanders , destroy city property , call for , and try to incite a civil war .
refuse freedom of speech on others , while demanding their own political and government obstructionists .
currently trying to marry a pakistani .
i 'm indian ( east african ) .
it 's wicked difficult .
so much emotional challenges and self - doubt .
i ca n't even face my parents but they accepted the proposal and the difficulty still has n't stopped
there are some tough women out there and she was certainly one of them .
with the ' women do n't tell war stories like men do ' comment i 'd have to say the relative is n't one of them .
my grandfather spent two years in the trenches in europe , saw thousands die , lived in mud , piss and s**t and no one could ever get him to speak of it .
stop this garbage of ' we 're better than you are ' .
has germany gone mad < number > of germans see no connection between refugees and terrorism
i need to find the same group of people i follow on twitter got ta get my gab internet ghetto a going
@sofiaxcarreno a pussy ass hoe could never 😈 😌
this story makes me ashamed to be canadian .
khadr and his family are treasonous cowards - they are disgrace to this country and should be deported to pakistan .
this is an insult and stab in the back to the families of the men and women who died fighting the cowards of the taliban .
khadr 's mom told the cbc she used to cheer when the news announced a canadian soldier was killed in afghanistan .
this is a disgrace to the men and women from the canadian forces .
this is a national embarrassment and hopefully khadr does n't see a dime and he can finally pay the us medic 's family for the $ 134 million judgement against khadr .
the khadr 's are a stain on canada .
< user > i m from the uk and i do < number > so am i american now if so call trump and say another muslim is coming
tune in today at 12:00gmt/13:00bst for the live friday sermon delivered by his holiness , hazrat mirza masroor ahmad ( aba ) from baitul futuh mosque . #
mtai url
i will never , ever , vote for her again ... city council is / should have been her greatest elective office .
if anyone takes mazie 's chair it should be shan ...
no lindsey , it 's not president trump who will pay holy hell it will be you republicans who abandoned your president who will suffer in 2018 .
make no mistake lindsey , we trump supporters are loyal to our president and not to you republican'ts who just do n't get the picture .
we gave you both houses and the presidency and you are blowing it .
" " " boys convince themselves they are a man by drinking lots of beer and having a vagina nearby to stick themselves into . " "
fucking nailed it "
no more chinese immigration into the usa they are just like sand niggers and jews simply here to exploit us
fucking normie trash
if you want improvement in society then fucking do something .
calling someone racist for something they did in ignorance is n't progress
at least we would be rid of israel
what , another one ? ?
colour me surprised .
in movies and video games however we 'd have 45kilo midget wymyn out playing 400kilo 5meter giants 69 - 0 .
cucks would rate it 10/10 " best thing ever " .
i want the local lgbt bakery to bake a cake that says : 

 " only two genders "
sending 🖤 from australia 🇦 🇺 ... to all impacted / affected by the most recent incidents of trump incited domestic terrorism & gun violence ...   # elpaso # dayton   # domesticterrorism
fucking stingy people you suck please do all the fucking thing how is not how you want # fuckthepeople
how do we know that he is black ?
i did n't see that .
if he is , just remember we have been told on this forum : " it is white men who are the main perpetrators of violence against women " - and " pimping " is certainly that !
did n't you get the memo ?
; )
they are a good example of people who are brainwashed .
as puns are to humor , criticism is to thought .
there is no equivilence between ' little d ' and hillary clinton .
she has a resume intelligence and experience , and is the most investigated female in the world .
he is an idiot .
so where do you stand ?
oh i know , you are angry , someone took away your ball , throwing it at the wall might be the reason .
you see jobs going elsewhere , gays get to marry , there 's a african amercian president ... so the world is going to hell in a handbasket and you 're angry .
you listen to am radio , rant fidos , gets your blood boiling , and your dander up .
so who 's your guy ?
not ted , or jeb , or marco , or john ... it 's " the donald . "
of course he 's your guy , he 's a guy .
of course you support him 'cause he 's angry too ... why ?
good question .
i 'd be angry if i were him too .
@gguptaji @ani get out of the nation where bastards godse is been treated as god .
this land is for mahatma not for bastards
assange was a hero when leaking facts about gov. eavesdropping and now a villain for exposing the deceptions by the dems .
strange .
i done seen damn near every female nudes on dis hoe unladylike
totalbiscuit mainly attacked sjws because they attacked him first in hysterical and extremely aggressive terms for looking into the quinnspiracy on his own and not < number > going along with the narrative he shares most of the sjws views on gender feminism etc but is slightly less retarded about it
hear that inferior fag bitch scream and whimper while it gets fully loaded with alpha babies .
url
hey guys we 're gon na host a rick and morty re - watch skype call .
message me to be added to the group !
2 - 3 episodes a night , 10pm est
random act of violence ...... black man targeting only whites .
strange , if a white man was targeting only blacks , would that be a random act of violence too ?
sound like this police chief is well trained to be politically correct .
like the song of the knights in the musical camelot , " fie on goodness !
oh but to burn a little town or slay a dozen men , anything to laugh again ! "
you losers wish you could fuck me like my boyfriend does but ur dick is nonexistent and ur gross and i would n't get near you with a 10 foot pole unless you were paying me 🤢 # cuckold # denial
down to catch a body bitch !
here are a few of my favourites by dr. pierce !
methinks the lady doth protest too much . (
with apologies to william shakespeare )
" congresswomen of color " .
how divisive is that ?
how about " congresswomen with radical and dangerous ideas " ?
i 'd also add very unpopular ideas !
it has nothing to do with " women of color " .
radical anti - american policies and the people that promote them should be denounced by the president of the united states .
i absolutely love being called white .
i love being recognized for being white in everything i do and say .
i do n't just look white , i live white .
url
typical nigger father breed them then leave them
< user > < user > those women they returned gave births to jihadis who returned back for jihad that how it works
you know black people attend heritage days as well , right ?
and asian families .
and first nations people .
and punjabi people .
they all get to experience different cultures .
white people are n't the only ones who spend money there .
greaseball stuff .
chads are now coming to this sub for sympathy 
 sickening .
anyway , things were good until he started talking about purifying her soul and a ceremony he wanted to do with her where she would be naked and he would prepare her .

so now all the refugees in europe can now go home oh wait you mean they are not going hm
no , or for that matter , against men .
cleary has been there two days .
two fucking days .
but yeah it him kicking players out & # 128580 ; give me a fucking spell .
let 's stop using that word in stupid , ignorant and derogatory ways .
it 's use implied subhuman status .
motherfucking come make me , bitch
a fantastic resource for anyone going to @edfringe and hoping to catch some lgbt+ friendly shows !
keep an eye on their website for recomendations , interviews , reviews and so much more !
url
dude financing and literally taking all their gold teeth and confiscating all their bank funds is not the same thing ok how about you research jews scheming for < number > fucking years kicked out of < number > countries < number > times for being around the corner yeah
you 're not bisexual .
bisexuality does n't exist .
betsy devos was a great speaker and received much applause , and heard by 2000 + guest .
she understands that the public school system has fallen so far below par .
our school system is run by the teachers union and they only care about their pensions , and the kids come last .
the administrative cost has gone sky high and we are turning out students after 12 years that can not read , write or talk to the level that they could go out and get a decent job .
that is why we have " imported " so many workers for our tech industries .
choice , is what ms devos is about .
if you want public education you may do that .
if you want a charter school , we should also have that right .
it is very telling that you have one picture of ms devos and five pictures of the protestors .
many people support her as well as our president .
yeah ,   since benedict 's 2005 rule , i 'm sure ss - attracted men have stopped applying to seminaries .
just joking .
if you were ss - attracted ( or generally confused about your orientation ) and wanted to be a priest , how would you be likely to interpret the " deep seated " qualification ?
i would bet you 'd interpret it as loophole , and still believe yourself not disqualified from a priestly vocation .
why do i think so ?
i think so because benedict 's new rule is n't new at all .
the church has always been " legally " against accepting " gay " men as priests .
and yet studies have confirmed that thousands of priests are gay men .
twitter use to suspend me and when i got back on i d lost hundereds of followers they finally banned mebecaue this muslim who threatend potys i reported her to her busness fbi she called my home threatened me i bet she is still on twitter
twitter really be setting a nigga up
what 's the difference between an emo and adolf hitler adolf hitler knew when to kill himself
i ’m not a lady i ’m a fucking legend so it ’s about time i assumed responsibility for these people that all have a dash of mrs .
hilly in them
hopefully soon there will be topics not centered on the idiot football players .
@erejnion @_zeria _ as humans , it is inevitable that we will change the more we grow , and as we grow we build our identity , and i believe she meant that the same goes for gender .
it 's not like saying " it 's a mental illness " or something , simply that it 's how they 've grown up to be .
which is fine .
a group of zebras claim they witnessed a white rhinoceros fleeing the scene chimp news network is on the location talking to a family of orangutans matching the zebras story prayforfuckyouthatswhy
your a stupid little whore whose only purpose is to be a worthless hole to take cum inside your hopeless body .
yo … — you 're * but at least you tried ya know url
when your relatives think you are gay or something wrong with you 
 it is quite disturbing when your relatives think that you are gay because despite having a stable job in the big city but you still can not get a significant other however they do not introduce me to anyome either
rat out your trash ass scum of friends and get them put in jail .
you came from a woman , you grew from women , so protect all women !
url
girls are funnier than guys on this app
hecc off with your sexist bs
stagnant wages are a big part of this , as are rising deductibles and rate increases .
the 24 % you cite is from the last 5 years .
34 % the 5 becore that and 72 % the 5 before that .
4 % average annual increase for employer plans in the last 5 years .
how do you not acknowledge that as progress ?
deductible rates were rising before the aca as well , though much of our current increase is attributed to the law .
the average right now is around 1.5k - while concerning , nothing worth repealing and starting from scratch over .
this whole scheme of executive orders is just going to make things worse , not better .
" sexually experienced " 
 imagine if an ebay seller tried to promote his used wares as experienced .
nice , i 've done the same thing plenty of times .
the last thong i got my hands on belonged to my friends wife .
they had a party and everyone was outside by the fire i went in and use the bathroom and i stole a sexy little black thong from her laundry basket and i still have it and jerk off with it occasionally .
those fucking yoga pants with a visible panty line are a blessing .
woman must know that they make cocks stiff when they wear them
all these hoes sooo average & # 128553;&#128533 ;
there are dozens of political stories percolating at the moment , from president donald trump blithely saying,”nobody knew health care could be so complicated ” to an administration proposal to slash necessary government programs to the bone to pay for a massive increase in military spending .
there are also discussions about putting large numbers of troops on the ground in the middle east and ongoing horror stories about the large - scale deportation of immigrants and harassment at the borders and other points of entry .
but there are two stories that keep bubbling up to the surface no matter what else is going on : the investigations of trump ’s connections to russia and his holy war against the press .
https://thinkprogress.org/trumps-efforts-to-obstruct-the-russia-investigation-may-have-finally-gone-too-far-1513e5d9f3a4#.6c4sgimc7 

 https://www.lawfareblog.com/white-house-interference-justice-department-investigations-2009-holder-memo 

 do n't be distracted , the fascism ca n't be normalized .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > so you just blame trump supporters to be white supremacists and only care about checking if people are bots you do not care about antifa but care about shootings i can call people who shoot up places and antifa a terrorist threat but you ca nt
the wildcard is turnout .
whose supporters will actually get to the voting site ?
whose supporters are lukewarm and wo n't bother ?
and the electoral college .
if ninety percent of california votes for clinton and fifty - one percent of pennsylvania votes for trump , it could end badly for her .
shouts to all the limp bizkit and korn fans who made fun of me for listening to nigger music when i would play wu tang one of those < number > is forever and one of those < number > is for the children
and we never had no fun well they came down hard on the faggots and they came down hard on the street they came down harder on sam
@kuntakeakizzy these these niggas always talmbout " black girls better watch out " lol
happy v - day to all the not - sexist / working on its out there .
to the rest of you , your life is punishment enough
junior minister pat gallagher is at the centre of a garda investigation after the disappearance of nine bangladeshis .
yes they would .
now please site at least one specific statement i have made to prove your point .
thank you for your commitment to free speech as twitter regs tighten more refugees from that cursed hellhole will find a home here
< user > i do not have white ass nipples nice try
oh my god , are n't guys who are n't manly ashamed of themselves ?
do n't they want to be * men * ? !
i mean , gay guys can dress however they want , but straight guys in skinny jeans or sparkly shirts ?
it 's just gross .
+ devo lution you can be a womens of you believe hard enough .
" .. aaaaaand everyone saying to " " do something " " in syria yesterday will now call trump a warmonger .
https://t.co/2y1cg5pvkx "
why are you cucking out to a roastie 's shit - test ?
just insult her beef curtains and tell her to enjoy her wine and cats when she hits the wall .
yeah do nt i know it back in my day a woman did nt even have the right to say no and if she did you d give her a good wallop and these millenials woth tgeir phones and degrees buch of fucking nancies do nt i know it jim boris is gon na sort us our and get rid of them nancies and womens rights fuck anybdy that say otherswise
me givin my nigga away for 80 mil # whatifnetflix url
if hitler hated gay people and women ... ... then who cut the hitler youth 's hair ?
got interviewed by a normie got wrekt 
 she treated me like shit and made fun of me its ogre
1 9 5 0 white america the most peaceful decade in usa history < number > birth rate whites lived the american dream no riots ghettos crime gangs except for a handful of places usa was idyllic and hated socialism then came 1 9 6 0 revolution by liberals
look at me .
we 're the jews now .
siemian blows .
he got mckenzie killed cuz he ca n't hit a receiver in stride .
that shoulda been a td except that the crappy qb under threw it .
he also got sanders ' ankle destroyed with a dirt missile .
good thing he threw the dirt missile or sanders is knocked into next week .
how about the sure thing td dirt missile to jamaal ?
thing of beauty was n't it .
reminded me of the tebone days .
siemian can not hit a receiver in stride .
the only route he can connect on with dt is the 8 yd curl .
it 's " need a new qb " time .
unfortunately , storkenstein is worse .
oh ya , almost forgot .
von keeps getting handled .
good thing he spent the off season training with super trainer man huh ?
i used to think he was lt'ish .
i was wrong .
i feel sorry for these obviously mentally sick white people who are obviously emotionally and intellectually retarded
i want food .
not just any food .
i want meat .
not just any meat .
i want a 32 ounce porterhouse steak .
cooked medium rare with blood dripping out onto my beautiful white plate ... with 3 dozen raw ones on the half shell & a large order of mcdonalds fries .
folks in msp and canada all talk funny .
so it 's all the same .
how boomers let jews loot the usa
rt @lanebelgarde : @gillis_seth yeah right queer .
the only piece of ass you 've ever got is when it finger broke thru the toilet paper&#128514 ;
my biggest regret in college ( i just graduated ) was not finding queer friends that were specifically women .
i know several cis gay men and unfortunately we rarely relate to one another .
i never really found queer friends in college and it 's one of my biggest regrets .
that being said , i did witness a girl i know make a lot of friends through my university 's twitter crowd .
she basically tweeted " who wants to be in my queer girl squad " and that worked for her !
people started messaging her to hangout !
i have been looking at topless magazines and pornography since i was a young boy .
boobs are sexual and provacitive .
i feel like i 'm taking crazy pills reading this shit .
these women and supporters are looking for every angle to protest equality .
men and women are created different .
equal and different .
i 'm a 30 year old male .
the way women dress in our society already has me breaking my neck and " objectifying women " .
put a nice set of boobs in front of me and i know i 'm going look and think sexual thoughts .
without that intention even .
the woman in the article stated women should be able to be topless because men can do it .
what is being eluded to in the comments about the nature of men and the way we are wired .
is that we see boobs , or tight cloths , and our minds shift to wanting said " object " .
the sexual urge takes over .
my point is this is not about inequality .
this is about our physical anatomy being different .
have some morals .
making men wear shirts is more logical than this b.s.
ca n't get over how many hoes i flexed on last night : //
# thegiftofeducation under the pious guidance of saint dr @gurmeetramrahim singh ji insan , the volunteers of @derasachasauda providing free tuition classes to those students whose belong to a weaker section of society so that they can achieve their goals .
url
+ uhlbelk i agree , but it would nt alter what i watch on youtube and tv , i can empathise with the lgbt community , but when i ask questions i do nt get answers
so i am going to stop responding to grizzlybear as he is a right wing troll and i am tired of hashing out the same stupid comments over and over again .
yeah she lost faith in polygraphs , just like the whole legal system , but lets bring that up over and over again .
you seem to know alot about immigration in germany .
oh wait , i just realized that the things you posted are all from right wing scare sites and not based in reality at all .
these immigrant rape thing is one of the most racist things i have seen since " black men are gon na bed your white daughters . "
monica agreed to have sex with bill .
trump talks about sexual assault without consent .
the two are not even in the same ballpark .
in case you missed it , trump called for the execution of men that were found innocent .
you should look up the central park 5 .
pure racism .
i did not miss the point .
you are trying to change the subject back to a bunch of right wing conspiracy theories to cover the fact that trumps campaign is done .
haha you 're a retarded faggot are n't ya ?
it 's been a really long saturday .
i still have n't slept .
this is why it 's still saturday .
i 'm tired & amp ; i just want to curl up , but waiting .
phobia is not just fear it irrational fear even if there are people who actually fear islam their fear is fully rational and justified thing is people find islam repulsive vile violent and foul no feeling of fear involved
rt @geezzzus : do n't no woman want a man that acts like a bitch
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
if you are referring to this kathleen parker article : https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/apparently-my-thoughts-are-dangerous-who-knew/2016/10/07/3fdf393c-8cdd-11e6-bf8a-3d26847eeed4_story.html 

 then you will see that she is trying to promote a fair view of rape that is considerate of men .
she is not insisting that actual sexual assault , like that detailed by the vulgarian running for president and then normalized by the term " locker room talk " is okay .
bringing up that article in the context of this thread is a red hearing you are throwing out for distraction from my points .
it 's ok a black man call you a white trash ,   but if you say they are black , you get arrested for being a racist .
they pretend to brush it aside when isis killed innocent people and they are ok to let muslim women wear burqa on our streets but you wear a great america hat , you are fired .
they do n't respect democratic vote and pretend to embrace in democracy .
fck all these liberals idiots , they will turn your kids into muslims one day .
this is weird but , iwould like to come out here in the nice comments .
* i am pansexual . *
thank u !
missouri tortures women who need an abortion .
let 's just call them what they are , vagina envy terrorists !
i say , any male who votes for this must be castrated .
end the insanity !
url
< user > < user > climate change is a fucking hoax
all the retards are becoming the presidents / prime ministers   this is one of the signs that yaumal qiyamah is close
final solution is what hitler and the nazis called the slaughter of millions of jews , gays , prostitutes , and sometimes homeless .
you know , believing in god is n't about religion , or a specific denomination .
it 's about your own personal relationship with god .
but it 's lovely to have people around you with the same beliefs at church .
especially people with knowledge and experience to help you discover more .
i do n't understand how people can be so angry all the time .
it hurts my heart tbh .
i just wish everyone would let go , and move forward .
that is fine i fully support that feminism is about choice that women can do and be whoever they want to be without being held back or judged because of their gender both many feminists and many anti feminists seem to fuck that part up
@topgunmovie @tomcruise thank you for not replacing tom cruise with a non - binary , multi - racial alien .
outsider the piece published today by the rg " it ’s an unfunded mandate " is also proof that it is our founding father 's democracy !
our system works just as it was designed ; checks and balances everywhere , slow things down for real debate and contemplation , and caution towards sudden change .
another example in the rg was yesterday 's piece , " political landscape ’s contours steep " .
unfortunately , the founders could n't pass on their their political wisdom , that is up to us to gain and use .
any church ( or other organization ) that turns a blind eye to abuse is to be condemned and held accountable , including the australian catholic church .
what a disgraceful record .
but here is a comment that may not last long on the board with censor deletion , so read it while you still can .
there is an unusual habit of the western media to lump all abuses by the catholic church as pedophilia , as if the acts always involve an old priest and an infant or elementary school child , pedophilia being the attraction to pre - pubescent children .
but if you read the reports , including the australian situation , the average age of male victims is around 12 years old .
that means a large portion of the victims are post - pubescent teenagers , meaning they are victims not of pedophilia but instead are victims of statutory gay rape .
the western media does n't go there , though , preferring to paint it all as pedophilia , when it is n't .
both types of rape are wrong and appropriately illegal , obviously .
you need a cock in your mouth & one in your ass , gay boi ! #
shemale # shecock # tranny @talktomemen url
he a moslem attorney advocating sharia law for sex abuse cases and claims to be a women rights defender translation women will need < number > men or < number > women as witnesses lgbt do not bother they will kill you punishments range from imprisonment caning stoning to death and beheading of women
when your relatives think you are gay or something wrong with you 
 it is quite disturbing when your relatives think that you are gay because despite having a stable job in the big city but you still can not get a significant other however they do not introduce me to anyome either
it 's mr. trump 's almost complete lack of empathy for the average american that is the most alarming .
he mouths or tweets platitudes that he does n't seem to really believe when it suits him .
he has no knowledge or experience with average americans and certainly no connection with the millions of poor in the u.s.   most presidents are out of touch with their electorate but few can rival mr. trump for all round cluelessness .
< number > israel the only country to have its borders defined for a specific nation jewish ppl2 jews pray < number > x times for the re establishment of our h land < number > pali syriana name given by romans to israel other areas < number > jewish sites only evidence of arabs is toilet on har habayit
" i believe in equality except when i 'm drunk and mad at women . " &
lt;-- why i do n't trust male feminists
but y' all limp dicks are like " i need me a thick bitch " man stfu before i sit on you and end your life
< user > talked about this they have high self confidence because their brains release more serotonin for lower levels of accomplishment that why you can have a bunch of dumb niggers in an african slum with giant smiles on their faces they are too dumb to grasp their own stupidity
hate when females try so hard to be niggas
< user > not the young male coons sand niggers and snowflakes these have no dependents no jobs no standing in the society free to wreak havoc upon the society
a joy to meet @sbrooksfranklin and hear elisabeth sandler 's talk on the factors influencing disclosure @cambridge_uni .
getting underneath the @stonewalluk research that 42 % lgbtq students conceal or disguise their identity for fear of a hostile reaction .
url
any black man who can make disgusting comments about dark skin women is a black man i will stay away from you niggers are mad and quite creepy
1 .
read the constitution .
2 .
there 's no constitutional authority to provide social programs .
3 .
there is constitutional authority to provide for national defense . (
that means the military ) 4 .
again , read the constitution .
5 .
understand that the constitution is a written contract , and limits the powers and authority of the federal government .
6 .
ah , the free market ... if you do n't want to pay a , as you call it , " middleman" ... don't !
do you have car ?
home ?
life ?
accidental death ?
travel ?
etc . ?
insurance , and do you mind paying those middlemen ?
the constitution says what it says , and does n't say what it does n't say .
you want to change it , then proceed with an article v process .
( and our current " medical system " is osamacare and costs more to people now than before , as they 're still footing the bill ! )
the simple fact is the bowlcast is some great content logically it follows that followers will follow sorry that was nigger tier
not to sure about your i ) logic and your ii ) theology .
i ) principles are not something you always follow to the letter without intelligent discernment .
ii ) the biblical statements about the strangers living amongst you were made about people living legally amongst you who were not jews .
it was not a blanket endorsement of anyone who wanted to to come into your country , in violation of your rules for entry .
whether or not one chooses to eat meat is a very personal decision .
what are google favorite hobbies < number > de listing competitors < number > firing white people < number > deciding what white people can say
our governor is a.w.o.l. on the airport debacle .
the mayor has his rail and the governor has hnl .
snickers have come out with a white chocolate bar ice cream bar i can not stand snickers because i like my candy like i like my women no nuts
left journalists ruining videogames for job because even a fucking car had to be gay in some way
so only gay people are bad ?
dumb .
black arabs people made slaves of blacks african first then made slaves of white people who were called white gold worth a lot portuguese took from africa < number > million black slaves to brazil today < number > million africans are slaves to muslim masters so black america grow up
you could also post your same post , but substitute " globe and mail front page " for your phrase " federal financial minister " ...
< user > all blacks start using creative white defense excuses
incels are fucking trash .
i would enjoy decking some of them in the face
hyuck and yuta lesbian luvrs they love me
why do feminists hate men who do n't support their children that they do n't want , while giving women every opportunity to not support their children that they do n't want through safe haven and adoption laws ?
the reserves are at home in the cup semi final against afc hurst .
1.30pm .
come along and support the boys !
> tfw you send red pills to your family members and they are n't only receptive , but embrace the positions
stupid fag none of them are children and you know this you are just a cuck who likes seeing his women raped
< user > < user > you all keep saying woke disney but the board of directors and presidents are all white besides one guy
i think there is something very important missing from the bishop 's statement .
perhaps he alluded to it , but he should have focused a bit more attention to it , because receiving the sacraments and a catholic funeral are n't about gay relationships or straight relationships .
a straight couple who marries outside the church excommunicates itself .
for example , a couple in which at least one of the spouses was previously married and no annulment granted .
effectively , this couple commits the mortal sin of adultery and publicly defects from the faith , and they continue to sin mortally by living as a married couple .
in a state of mortal sin , to receive the sacraments is an additional act of sacrilege each and every time .
unless they repent , no catholic burial may be granted to them either .
in the case of a gay couple , no actual marriage is now or will ever be possible .
the same self - imposed restrictions apply .
the bishop is only reiterating catholic teaching on the subject .
who cares , really cares ?
comes many years too late .
he was filmed making ied 's , the same ied 's that were used to kill canadian troops .
omar khadr and his entire family are treasonous cowards - they are a stain on canada and their continued presence in the country is a disgrace to the men and women of the canadian forces , have you no shame ?
we have several generations of women utterly incapable of making even the simplest sandwich
i want everyone to know , when i get busted for my next big felony , i am a lesbian trapped in a man 's body and want to go to the woman prison . (
not the man 's - yuck )
if hitler hated gay people and women ... ... then who cut the hitler youth 's hair ?
only six hours until i get place my arse in front of the laptop and play uunnnggghhh yes i love weekends
macron is a butt fucker who will be thrown off the eiffel tower by his moslem overlords
mohammad mousavi and your just a hater ..
your post does show you do n't understand the issues .
it 's about fairness for all which will in turn provide better quality education for the students .
part time faculty are not compensated for their time outside the classroom which includes preparation , marking and meeting with students , although they still do so .
however , many are working several jobs to make ends meet .
dog is retarded he bit himself while scratching i need to get him some smart food lol
so : runways @ us - targeted syrian airbase still fully operational & amp ; syrian officials given advance warning of the strike ?
yes ?
$ 90mill ?
yes ?
< user > you look like jean luc picard had aids didn ’ t die and got raped by a camel shutup
i truly have to wonder why there is so much opposition to the idea of small homes .
are the current owners of rental property afraid of the competition ?
are there concerns that smaller homes will cause properties to depreciate in value or bring " undesirables " to our islands ?
maybe you do n't benefit from the store clerk , teacher , or public employees who ca n't find a place to live , so those jobs go wanting ?
if so , spend more time on code compliance instead of painting all those who work for lower wages or retire on a limited budget with the broad brush of " undesirable " .
there are already serious obstacles to bring quality employees to the islands .
affordable housing should n't be one of them .
during the campaign i came to believe that the election of donald trump would represent the most serious test of our constitution since the civil war .
i continue to believe that 's true .
trump shows little understanding of how democratic institutions actually work and he demonstrates no inclination to work within them .
he 's a dangerous man .
pay attention now : 
 " gen·der 
 [ ˈjendər ] 
 noun 
 the state of being male or female ( typically used with reference to social and cultural differences rather than biological ones ): 
 " traditional concepts of gender ... 
 definition of sex 
 1 
 :   either of the two major forms of individuals that occur in many species and that are distinguished respectively as female or male especially on the basis of their reproductive organs and structures 
 2 
 :   the sum of the structural , functional , and behavioral characteristics of organisms that are involved in reproduction marked by the union of gametes and that distinguish males and females 
 3 
 a :   sexually motivated phenomena or behavior . "
thus marks day one of your " all about sex and   gende " beginners level class .
it 's such a shame that you 're gon na probably marry a uglier nice guy , and turn his life into a dysfunctional hell - hole .
greatest hope for mankind is to reach out to muslims who have not yet been enlisted to violence
anti violence laws just saved a white man from my nail scratches
repubics 1st words ? ? ?
oh yeah : " now is not the time " ... 
 they look at mass murder , like it never happened .
sandy hook never happened ?
had professor orwin in 1975 for a political philosophy course at u of t. probably the only university course over two degrees that made an impact on my life .
his book on thucydides is wonderful .
< user > < user > egganazi he a real actual nazi you know that
@timcast i wonder if iran , russia and china are like , hey should we try to invade the u.s. now and they think about it and say no they 're going to destroy themselves soon enough without us needing to lift a finger .
i 'm sure someone else has posted this already , but if catholics pay taxes is an argument for publicly funding catholic schools , then muslims paying taxes means we should have publicly funded muslims schools .
if not , then this level of accomodation is pretty reasonable , imho .
everyone is being ugly in ow and i got a shitty loot box , , , it 's time to start watching my show
chicago is surrounded by areas with the looses gun laws in the country .
smuggling is a huge problem .
nice to see you repeating the right wing echo chamber talking point though .
heroin use was plummeting until doctors got everyone hooked on opiates .
it is going down again due to good policing .
so let 's not outlaw anything because someone might break the law .
that is the dumbest thing i have heard .
the gun lobby has made it clear they do n't want to be a part of the discussion on how to correct the issue of gun deaths in the usa .
do n't be surprised when the nra(and gun nuts ) and left out of the conversation on gun rights because they refuse to even have a discussion about gun regulation .
community1 :   it 's been three hours and i have n't gotten that call yet .
i would really enjoy that civil conversation with you .
if you read this , please give me a call ...... i'm the only gary crum in the junction city area .
lookin ' forward to hearing from you .
gary crum
but you are okay with people like roosh who a raghead and a rapist
trump is the preferred candidate for " poorly educated " white people .
no more and no less .
putin loves " poorly educated " white americans too .
unfortunately , trump voters do n't care why putin loves them .
at least putin is a white man .
that is enough for trump voters .
too bad he thinks he is a russian first .
an example of a faggot whose dick has been turned into a clit over which the # alpha has complete control .
url
whilst i can see the logic they already do this we already see people being shamed for not being attracted to blacks or asians or trannies people are being shamed into dating against their taste for fear of being labelled racist or homophobic do not go there
they serve to recognize achievement and excellence .
they unify fans behind the sport and competition and 
 relaxes rivalries , i.e. it unifies .
.
trump knows nothing about these things and does even less .
< user > i noticed in your tweets you talk about race why do not you talk about the murders of channon christian christopher newsome in tenn white kids kidnapped both raped tortured and murdered by < number > blacks and it did nt even make national news what if the races were reversed hypocrite
you were n't already wary of men who do shit like going to planned parenthood rallies ?
nah , i 'm take of ur panties , pee on em , and shove them down ur throat .
then i 'm grab my hands around your neck while i dry fuck your ass , and laugh at you .
how do people go home at night eat and sleep knowing that they ’ ve murdered or raped someone today disgusting
hi guys i got banned off twitter cos they did not like what i had to say about london muslim loving raghead mayor
imma need y' all to answer this question .
any of the nihgas who follow me fucked a non black woman ? ? ?
the proverbial straw man .
obama to cubans you can not stay sorry cubans but what about the illegal immigrants from mexico obama they get to stay they vote democrat result obama just guaranteed trump will win florida in < number > gab gabfam speakfreely maga cuba
joe cumia is a faggot and a coward , just like his brother and just like his father .
bunch of limpdicks .
" @radicalhearts this reminds me of when my kid 's dad " " joked " " he put our son on the bus and i literally got in my car to stab him "
sir john a. macdonald is celebrated for founding canada .
we have not erected statues in his likeness or named schools for him because of what he did to the first nations .
columbus is celebrated for his discovery of north america and not for the genocide it provoked .
confederate " heroes " are an altogether different story .
the only thing that they are famous for is fighting a war to maintain a brutal system of slavery .
putting up a statue of a confederate general is by extension celebrating that system of slavery and racism .
personally i see a clearcut distinction between these two types of monuments and it is obvious to me which ones should be taken down and which should stand .
at the same time , it is always important to better inform the public of past injustices .
plaques that provide a more accurate history of the depicted individual would be good .
better history education in schools would be best .
so to trid , catholic orthodoxy includes fear and loathing for gays .
another reason to reject trid 's version of " orthodoxy " .
white greeks are not white
all these people wanting me to call them " xer , ze , zhe and xe .
from now on i 'm just gon na call you a zaggot
hey kids pay us for making our enemies kill each other while we jews laughed in hotels summer camps disguised as concentration camps
@yousefalhadda17 the israel soldier are whore son 's big pig heads fuck all israel.long life the philistines brothers .
url
he is going wherever jews take him israel first not america
oh i am not triggered i am actualy laughing my ass off at a retard like you such a pathetic christian you can not grasp your head around gravity wells or how an atmosphere is confined to that gravity well or even how particle physics work within a gravity well
it hilarious i doubt it would have effected how efficiently the restaurant operated he sure seemed to want to get those fries going besides liability issues as a ghetto bk manager why not pick your battles
hopefully soon there will be topics not centered on the idiot football players .
seeing how men on twitter treat rape victims is exact the reason why it took me 6 years to come out about what happened to me .
yall are fucking sick and i pray y' all do n't have daughters that go through something that traumatizing and that your sons do n't pick up your mentality
next week is my birthday 
 i need to buy a gun
anybody else like me they prefer taped stuff instead of live stuff i know i already know the results of stuff but i think the real beauty is seeing how things play out
jesus christ .
these people are fucking faggots , where 's the autist shooters when you need one
shut the fuck up you anti white piece of shit no one wants to hear what you have to say
bro , i suggest you die off retard .
inferior polluting the world .
guys only want one thing and it 's fucking disgusting
" @radicalhearts this reminds me of when my kid 's dad " " joked " " he put our son on the bus and i literally got in my car to stab him "
[ winpc followup ] print in ultra mode - general discussion
you women move too fast
" whisky ?
is that really that organic ? "
does n't get much more organic than just water and grain .
# thinking so efe could actually stay 3 months without smoking weed .
you people should just give him the money .
ije ego & # 128514 ; & # 128514 ; & # 128514 ;
are n't you precious ! .... '
we all paid back the loans ! '
the article was about parents helping gen x kids .
that is not new to gen x kids nor is it news !
x - post /r / funny - men have no reproductive rights , lol
we will never be your slaves the syrian president request you come home you so called refugees the cowards who ran and left women and children behind go home fight your own battles americans grow weary of providing more than charity requires more than your victims were allowed
nothing wrong with quebec , they have very white cities and are a proud group of people aside from the gay section of montreal , its a very nice city
@donkeyhotey1 @fenrirwolf26 @theangryape1 now now , mexicans are fine people in the main .
i 'd employ one way ahead of any , say , whining remainer 😀 check out this movie for a top example : url
if politicians themselves had to engage in hand to hand combat maybe they would n't be so quick to send young lads and lassies into the meat grinder of war .
america has over 900 military bases around the planet .
they are an empire .
they could as colin powell once opined turn north korea into a barbecue briquette if they wanted to .
it is time , russia , china and the u.s. sit down and work out a plan to reintegrate n. korea into the family of planet earth .
war is not an option , just ask the 500,000 south koreans who would die in the first half hour if there was a war .
america needs to stop acting like the aggressor in the region and reach out to n. korea .
you ca n't tell me that if dennis rodman is able to find common ground with n. korea 's leader the president of the united states can't ... unless it provides the cover for him for his domestic troubles .
like i said , let 's send the politicians into battle if their mouths are incapable of finding a peaceful solution .
< user > no they ’ re wonho in white and shownu in black from monsta x
too many of us dying for no reason that shit could ve been prevented she was a trigger happy ass white bitch
fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
funny how the people that go full retard lost their < number > minutes like < number > years ago even colin lost that < number > went full retard strange creatures these libtards
but one can not deny that the greatest responsibility for this war goes to france and great britain , after all those are those two nations who have declared war in germany ...
great news !
that 's been an eyesore for a long time .
now we can have a nice waterfront for all to enjoy .
disagree , queers ought to be allowed to teach .
islam will win the race , , because of a flying donkeys
all the time we are a targeted people i ' ve been attacked four times for no reason except i ' m white and i was alone learn how to defend yourself your friends and your family for any and all possibilities
i hate a dick sucking ass bitch
is that a man with that pink bag ! ?
is that a man ? !
wow .
when the # democrats shut down gov't last time , they blamed republicans 

 and , obama shut down agencies that would hurt # wethepeople 

 # presidenttrump will force # democrats to own this shutdown 

 and he will shut down agencies they hold near and dear so they feel the pain this time
this is a bit shrill , is n't it .
one thing is for sure , xi jinping will get some chinese back from canada if the racists here in canada continue to demonize the chinese .
why not ?
who wants to live in a country where you are hated .
on the other hand , the chinese who come to canada ( i know a lot them . )
do so because of their children .
they want their children to have a good education devoid of politics .
there are millions in hong kong , taiwan , malaysia , singapore , and every other country in the world where the chinese reside , who have no intention of every kowtowing to xi jinping , a wolf is snake 's clothing .
< user > < user > if a white person commits an act of terrorism you tie yourself in knots to avoid calling him a terrorist he mentally ill
bro nosey ass bitches
( x - post ) /r / daddit feeling pretty unappreciated in this post
do n't let a woman shrivel your manhood
not sure that something different equates to the the best representative of a great black guy finding love .
why not shine if you are given the stage .
there are great ones out there and nothing but the best is worth my screen time .
why do you bring obama into this - because he was a black man and every poorly informed american believed it was incumbent on him to resolve 200 plus years of racism .
combined that with inherent racism in the republican corners , it was exacerbated by the white supremacists and the take down he faced for the duration .
combine that with benito cheeto and all republicans they 've created this .
radio news report this morning referenced “ law abiding illegal immigrants ” unbelievable you can ’ t make this stuff up journalism is dead
i guess the turd does n't fall far from the faggots ass
put some signs up at the airport to warn people from normal states where we only worry about gang violence killing us
self - loathing is a sign of introspection 
 i find it to be a good and attractive quality
oh pizza boy , ignorance is so bliss .
caving in isis tunnels in afghanistan or blowing up airfields and hangars w minimal casualties , limiting assad 's ability to commit war crimes against his own people is n't war mongering you lil whiny snowflake .
it 's common sense .
we 've been bombing isis dating back to the previous admin .
and we will never be able to eradicate isis with assad at the helm in syria .
like i said common sense .
something you have very little of .
so not sure what you mean by war mongering .
you throw that term around as loosely as you throw that pizza dough bro .
you must be okay with isis terrorizing the world .
killing innocent men , women , and children as long as it does n't impede on your radical left wing views .
if anyone that posts on here is a troll .... it 's you p.b.r.
ma'am , you have to wait with your own party !
excuse me , ma'am , you have to wait your turn !
" then said jesus , father , forgive them ; for they know not what they do .
and they parted his raiment , and cast lots . "
~luke 23:34 # bible # faith # jesus
if i had a dollar for every gender .
< repeat > i would have two dollars .
look at all the shootings of muslimes in canada
< user > < user > probably right
< user > lmao she was whoopin that white ass 💀 😂
rt if your account is a safe place for lgbtq members poc muslims women people from every nation
my aunt 's facebook status : : it 's really bothering me that my [ 4 - yr - old ] boy is obsessed w/ his female cousin 's dora backpack .
commenter : : my son started kissing everyone because we kiss him .
my husband started telling him kissing was for sissies , lol .
my aunt : : that is so funny ! ...
maybe b / c it 's purple , it bothered me .
i was just debating with myself whether i should go to bed or have one last beer ...
interesting alceste but answer the readers this : 

 remember when you were young and went to the homo hop and the next day you felt guilt .
do you deny that : 

 1 .
you woke up with a sore bum ?
2 .
should have listened to your mom and not gone ?
3 .
received a stern lecture from your doctor about health safety ?
4 .
think that the man costumed as mean - joe - green executed power , intimidation and control over you when you went for a supposed toke with him ?
5 .
all of the above ?
help a black lady i know had a white person plaster on her face we were chatting about it are there really no plasters for brown or black skin tone people
wake up whores it 's time to sin
< user > just fucking animals if women do not do as they say they will be raped and worse cut off his dick and let his ass bleed out they his ass suffer for the crime
this is a problem that affects everyone , but we have seen far more harassment targeting women .
uhg .
i get it , but as far as i 'm concerned , this man deserves the chair .
he ruined the lives of these girls and then tries to have them killed ?
he needs to die ... preferably suffering .
bitches retarded
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
racist omar is just like those other liberals who say they hate this country but yet wo nt leave , and go back to where they fled .
the constant chimpouts , the endless jewsh kvetching , the perpetual antiwhite scapegoating , the wildly exhausting , endless hysterics from sjw lgbt bourgeois cool kids who think the world revolves around their marginalized queer identity - all of this produces fatigue
you and vox are so stupid it literally amazing his entire argument is anglin and his followers are fake and repeatedly throwing around retard intellectual no wonder you like blacks they are on your level < user >
remember men it not sexual harassment when women are the perps joybehar crotchgrabber
little faggot love to suck my huge tool daily .. rt kutton n beg for session at email @indianalphadom1 @rtdumb @rtsubby @rt_slave @gay_footslave @gaysub93 @rtp1 g @gayfeetofficial @rt4dommes @findommes @rtfindombitch @rtfindommes @rtdomina @rtsubby url
are you a socialist ?
you know , the ones who take copious amounts of money from taxpayers generated by trade with the usa .
the ones who love social programs paid for by under - funding our military because the usa protects us by proximity .
i 'd love to see how well our precious social programs would be funded if our only neighbor was russia .
put the thooka down pussy nigga put yo fist up
goes back to when the jews now < number > but a tiny alien bolshevik minority helped set up the naacp primarily run funded manned by jews all through the uncivil rights era adding the negro < number > to their < number > increased their reach < number > fold they use negroes as shocktroops
liar @devinnunes must resign from house intel cmte for collusion w/#traitor trump .
@adamschiffca # impeach45 # russiagate
arabella sending wedding cake slices to anny and sarah with a message saying in remembrance of good advice she really is that bitch i love it
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
fucking fat sooooooo closet homo just another dumb shit drug feend go fuck urself white privladge pussy so glad ur dead u boring fat bitch
happy birthday beautiful ❤ ️&#128131;&#127996;@adebolaa_o i pray god grants all your heart desires b ... god 's blessings dear & # 128591;&#127995 ; i still owe you puff puff & # 128586 ;
@jaisekharnair @kthopkins @shefvaidya because the whole migration thing was planned long ago by albert pike and continued by our nwo lovers , that need conflict as a pre - setter of taking over total control .
the whole migartion thing did not come naturally .
i wonder what those migrants were being told .
i thought gays get an instant ticket to hell from " god " without question
nah nigga raped a girl and he works at kith that bad work
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
why would these christians of the 2nd and even 3rd generations believe that the 2nd coming was immanent ?
i think because jesus actually did make another unequivocal statement about the end :    jesus said it would come in the lifetimes of some of his living disciples .
trump capitulated to moon ............ again
cristina laila retweeted jake tapper i guess all of obama ghetto rap star friends are better you know the guys who rap about raping pimping women selling drugs fakenews jake tapper ‏ potus invited sarahpalinusa to dinner and told her to bring some friends
@donaldjtrumpjr unless , of course , they 're female , gay , trans , muslim , not white , poor , believe in science , and do n't like raping kids or sticking them in cages .
what do you call a < number > year old transgendered man ?
ishmale .
i ’m not a lady i ’m a fucking legend so it ’s about time i assumed responsibility for these people that all have a dash of mrs .
hilly in them
his advice is n't exclusively for males .
it resonates the most with males and i do n't see that as a bad thing unlike many of his detractors .
he basically wants people to be the best version of themselves and take personal responsibility .
i disagree that feminism is identify politics .
it depends on the feminist and their particular brand of feminism .
if group identify is more important than the individual then they are engaging in identity politics .
i 've never met any queens before i 'm so fucking scared for haters roast
niggas love acting like they know more than you
on national children 's book day , young writers and artists launched five storybooks teaching filipino children about the equality and diversity of all sexual orientations , gender identities , and expressions ( sogie ) .
read : url url
body slam this time .
my girlfriend 's dad said if i beat him in an arm wrestle that we could have sex .
he 's the funniest bilateral amputee i know .
do you know what " neoliberal " means ?
this is why everyone hates white girls url
being a jedi turned revan gay
castro was a monster .
he oppressed the cubans and in the end was no better than the regime he replaced .
cubans are a poor people , their health care system is a joke .
however castros family is worth millions and millions .
he had firing squads at the wall , ready to deal with any non combatant who disagreed with him .
too bad he lived so long .
not having my own place yet is so ghetto
your gf is a dirty fucking gypsie cunt , you get the fuck out of here scum
happy pride month , remember that trans women of color were at the forefront of the struggle and they still are
that is ridiculous .
you must be an anarchist .
you also must believe that anyone who is impaired due to mental illness or other cause can be executed on the spot .
since you boys all believe in a society in which everyone , including the mentally ill , have a right to be armed , you ought to support a highly professional police force instead of an armed gang in blue uniforms .
but little makes sense on the right .
you wail about abortion , then undercut birth control , thereby increasing abortions .
( part 22 , last one ) 
 so who should start the home opener against the chargers ?
that 's easy , the guy who is 1 - 0 against them at home : 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufz0p7wjcu4 
 trevor siemian is the guy for me : 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nssm4krz1dm 
 ( i will be behind who ever plays qb , but trevor to me has the bigger upside , because of his mind , in a game where high intellect at qb wins super bowls over athleticism , here is the list of the past winning qbs that have won the super bowl over the last 15 + years , outside of russell wilson , paxton lynch is more athletic than all these quarterbacks : 
 https://www.docsports.com/current/super-bowl-winning-quarterbacks.html 
 the thing that was going for these winning quarterbacks was their high football iq , which i believe trevor siemian has )
rt @lanebelgarde : @gillis_seth yeah right queer .
the only piece of ass you 've ever got is when it finger broke thru the toilet paper&#128514 ;
no .
no it is not time that we emulated france on this or any other topic .
if you as a parent do n't want to get your kid vaccinated in what you believe are the best interests of your child    ( incorrectly in my opinion )    then that is your business .
when is there enough government ?
whey are there enough rules .
when is the intrusion into your personal life too much ?
some canadians do n't even understand those questions let alone have any interest in thinking about the answers .
more freedom and personal consequences .
less big brother .
but then again soon we will have a lot more freedom because the beauty of socialism is that it always fails .
where 's the perp 's mugshot ?
oh , that 's it- must not be a despised american white heterosexual male .
adn ; typical leftist , anti - white , rag ...
who 's gassing up these pussy niggas to act hard
and the europhobic , misandrist propaganda continues from the cultural marxist rodents at hbo . "
evil " white men want to get you ! ,
even though their systems and countries have allowed for multiculturalism , gay rights , women 's equality etc etc etc .
all while defenseless nonwhites huddle in fear .... yadda yadda yadda ... sick neobolshevik reeducation .
npc programming by a chosen few psychotics bent on ethnic war engendered through brainwashing posing as entertainment .
i did n't say there is n't money to be made .
my father was a stock broker and my sister runs a wealth management company .
i said most people are n't capable of managing their own portfolio and/or do n't have enough money to interest professional management .
i 'm sure lots of people have made lots of money in capital markets and it does n't matter whether markets are going up or down .
football was fun to watch when you had personalities in it now you have few dozen black lookalike robotons running around the field doing exactly the same thing sport that got taken over by democratic plantation ghetto afros
> tfw you send red pills to your family members and they are n't only receptive , but embrace the positions
" why did these doubly disenchanted voters break so strongly ?
we ’ll never know what coursed through their minds .
mr. barone figures that mr. trump was the change candidate , and “ double negative ” voters craved change . "
..................................................................... 
 the comey - fbi announcements calling clinton " extremely careless " with her private server and suspicion over her 33,000 ' washed ' emails , and then comey 's letter stating that the investigation in the weiner - abedin emails was being commenced a week before the election date ..... really turned off the voters .
the ' disenchanted ' voters either stayed home or voted for the lesser of two evils .
hillary made them feel ' nauseous ' ..... lol
its funny bc people think i m quiet but i m just listening to everyones convos and figuring out ur weaknesses to destroy u later in life
i answered your question now answer mine are rabbis who suck baby penis pedophiles are you too chicken shit to answer a simple question i think you are it a kike thing
< user > liberal retards go eat more tide pods lmao you have reached your pinnacle of absurdity and derangement yet
owens vs. jericho is one of the most intense , one of the most longest built matches on this # wrestlemania card .
it should n't be on 2nd .
imo capital punishment does nt need to cost taxpayers anything i ’ ll kill nazis for free hand me a gun
i love how , in the first paragraph , marine le pen is described as " far right " , then three paragraphs down the article correctly notes : 

 " le pen rejects the closer european ties , the embrace of globalization , and the liberalized rules for businesses [ ... ] she does advocate tax cuts for companies , but she would also tax imports , restrict trade , protect workers rights , and close borders to migrants to keep jobs in france " 

 so let me get this straight .
the " far right " candidate is looking to protect workers rights , restrict trade , opposes globalization and liberalization of rules for business ?
that is some odd definition of " far right " you have there eric gaillard and emmanuel foudrot .
reminder : there 's no such thing as chicks with dicks 

 only dudes with tits
sounds like the words of a white , misogynistic , racist who 's projecting .
she a hoe cause your boyfriend want her ?
she scary cause she do nt talk shit like y' all ?
she ugly cause you do n't like her ?
grow up !
this makes me feel validated .
i 'm slowly coming to terms with my sexuality , and this was nice to read .
thank you .
thieving little junkie slut eastenders
the rape of our children by pakis is a call to arms brexit < date > < time > < number > mps arrested for treason pakistani community expelled from the uk
nigga andrew and x been telling me since like 11 ' everything 's for sale and legit everything is for sale you tell me a great number lol
crazy how we 're born into religions born into discrimination , born into toxic families .
this is from the person who called ted stevens ' an honest man ' .
project much ?
# tuckerhighlights 10/17/17 : 

 -tax relief for middle class : trump educates the normies 
 -jabba the weinstein 's brother also sexual predator 
 -fbi uncovers massive russian / clinton bribery scheme 
 -msm & leftards ' russian hacking story falls apart 
 -drugs killed more people in 2016 than entire vietnam war
trails gone cold , end 's in sight , lose your mind 
 seal your fate , leave us all left behind 
 life under siege , none lives to greive 
 all left to die , nature 's relieved 
 no place to rest , frightened we run 
 when all 's said and done
it 's the extreme of humans .
most extremists are shit people .
they 're just using a religion to justify their actions .
for once , i wish , shariah punishment of public stoning to death be given as per the faith of the criminals .
@myogiadityanath let us set an example .
a yogi should fight for the one for whom no one will fight . #
aligarh url
join the grassroots movement in the fight to unseat # madmaxine waters !
774:627 but speak , @egeusbot ; is not this the day that @hermiabot should give answer of her choice ? #
amndbots
at least cargo will be out of the lineup today .
< user > do they think asians are white smmskmznznjdjaj
owo time but its fuckin time for you to suck dick like you mean it .
no pussy shit , you better be deepthroatin .
i 'm glad you pointed this out that anti - bullying campaign has been used to promote homosexuals who are more likely to bully anyone who disagrees with them .
says the dude with a rag on his head and a goat for a wife
" i 'm trying to take you out " to " you do n't look good enough to rape " .
i have a headache , where do y' all even come from because wtf url
yes the payment to this man is a slap in the face to all canadians .
this man is a criminal and is getting rewarded for it .
he should be in jail or deported , not made to me a millionaire .
this is beyond disgusting
negerball has went full ghetto apefreaka looking forward to the before after photos like 1 9 2 0 dietriot to today
white supremacy at it again another lynching of another black man ai n't that a b * * * * this m * * * * * * * * * * * the other guy epstein can walk in and out of jail for hours and do as he pleased to get just like bill cosby you want to go after this guy like a runaway slave white supremacy that 's the f * * * * * * problem .
but they added the bodies studied were well fed and had adequate nutrition the violence may be the result of rituals associated with food and water productions the researchers wrote
he 's a living civics lesson for denver 's young people .
win or lose , he 's a role model .
haha , wondered if anyone else caught that .. well done
soon the season low will be an all time low for the negro felon league negrofelonleague burnthenfl
eric - after millions of dollars , 100 's of thousands of man - hours of work , no charges have been filed ... of course those who really need to believe what they hear from bogus blogs and foxed news will always say ' she 's a .... ' , they have to because otherwise their whole house of cards comes tub long down ... people do better under democratic governments and the gop is a minorit party unless they can whip up their base .
so they blame the wrong people ... if they look around they would see that paul ryan is all about ain't - union , tax breaks for the wealthy , shifting the tax burden to working class incomes .
they 'd like us to forget that all workers pay on every dollar earned .
< user > historical context matters except for when you want to leave out the irish treated just as bad called the niggers of europe but hey that was different right atleast they were white while living and working as the africans did under near slave conditions
i heard he blew his dick off i hope so this stupid muzzie should never reproduce we have plenty of stupid goathumpers we do not need this moron demon spawn sucking the goobermint tit
standards and safety do not matter what important is making sure that feminists are happy so that they do not say mean things to white men heaven forbid that a white man tells a woman the word no
2 condoms walk by a gay bar the other one looks at the other and asks " hey , you wanna go get shitfaced ? "
@sanjukta donkey ass .... insulting religions will make u sick nd mental
guys always lookin for a relationship with me like if i wanted to be with you it would`ve been clear stop forcing shit with me .... & # 128577; ☹ ️
@kinky_cutie _ jesus fuck .
and i thought men were bad here
ashit goosebjumps and feelings fucking hiomestuck why do you do th ist o me
son , what did your brother say when he lost his virginity ?
-dad , please stop .
-exactly
🔥 3 hot guys from our previous generation in a scene 📹 that we have been saving for a special occasion .
jason is the lucky bottom for today 's scene getting fucked by phillipe & marco 🍆 💦 # belami 😋 # triplegx [ rt ] 👉 url 👈 url
" trudeau was portrayed by the harper conservatives as too young .
the conservatives ran relentless television ads saying he was “ just not ready . "
they turned out to be right on the money .
a young man who won for his last name only .
not ready then , not ready now .
where 's is he anyway , last time i knew he was traveling all over europe , handing out huge amounts of canadian money , to   dubious feminist , gay and muslim causes .
where 's he now ?
it a bitch to find i accidently opened it how i did it was i opened a list and pressed the top of the first post i will get you the screenshot
zenigundam lol pussy .
your video exposes you for the fraud you are .
you ca n't even properly light your stage .
you 're not messing w a 6'3 " 235 lb pro athlete .
you 're literally a child .
your balls have n't dropped and you ca n't pee straight .
are you in nyc ?
too bad .
i 'd invite you to my house so you can smack me up .
pol
it would not surprise me if obama was behind the nut cases that have shot up schools i have never trusted that man and his muslim ties
fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
that 's a little inappropriate for a boy , do n't you think ?
indeed , so many species have been hunted to extinction .
will you meet with the congressional black caucus ryan asked trump responded i would you want to set up the meeting are they friends of yours black activists complain that trump assumes nigger ryan knows nigger caucus members he did not assume he asked if they were her friends
wonderful story !
i love the spirit of these entrepreneurs .
as a newly minted member of the canadian smws ,   i can not wait to taste holyrood drams in 2021 !
i was agreeing with what you said up until the comments about him being a terrible man and christian .
this man just might give lots of free cake to homeless people .
he might donate a bunch of time to service organizations .
he also might set trip wires in the old folks home .
none of this is covered in the article , yet you call him a terrible man because he refused to bake a gay couple a cake .
if you can not handle a little swastika flag being waved at your rally you are not going to be able to tolerate a man shouting for the death of your enemies meanwhile punch a nazi kill all white people kill the boer
exactly why y' all do n't need feminism
that 's a little inappropriate for a boy , do n't you think ?
< user > gas the jews
i usually know when friends or relatives are distressed through illness or accident / incident .
i then phone them and find out what has happened .
disgusting sick mentally ill tranny 🤮 🤮 🤮
illegal immigrant humor
suck my fetal dick ?
this russia stuff is all a charade to distract and entertain the masses from the important matters of their lives - endless wars eating up trillions of dollars , economic insecurity , political dysfunction , and particularly , corporate control of governments .
if there was any substantial difference between trump and the feckless democrats , the media would be full of columns explaining how democrats would change things in 2020 if they won the white house .
but why risk being criticized and disbelieved by a very untrusting public , when the dems and their media friends can spend all their time and ink trashing trump ?
politics is more of a scam than ever .
/r / okcupid " men , let 's talk about how much easier we have it than women when it comes to everything else "
awesome !
maybe now they can finally pass another equal pay for women bill and another anti lynching bill
remember when subscribing to a youtube channel meant you got their videos in your sub feed now you have to click this retarded bell or else youtube will curate videos out of your sub feed without your permission
at last some jail time , and no pontificating in the press from this trump hater .
a dime to a dollar she cops a plea , as the judge on the case appears to be all business and will give her the max , if she is found guilty in a full blown trial .
happy # pridemonth⁠ ⁠⁠ ⁠ !
no matter how you identify or who you happen to love , you are celebrated !
your feelings are real .
your identity is valid .
you are loved and accepted just as you are .
be proud ! !
rt to show your support for the # lgbt+ community .
# fridaymotivation url
what will the lgbt community achieve together this month ?
aids
rohingya are not indian we are one as indians no place for outsiders weather it be hindus muslims sikhs christians jews or any other religion
in the current year , progs tell us darwin stood for secular truth against religious orthodoxy , but they say man 's penis can be made into a vagina and jesus died so that homos and trannies can get ' married ' .
nixon et al would disagree with you .
this is a problem that affects everyone , but we have seen far more harassment targeting women .
contrary to popular belief , trumps base has grown by 4.3 %   oan .
fucking cunt midget deserved it , beta cuck trash
one time i got so wasted i ending up sleeping with my sister .
usually we just fuck .
it 's kind of pathetic watching the meatheads try and trivialize their idol 's sexist and frankly disgusting views and behaviors towards women .
when the hell did it become okay to " grab them by the p --- y " just because you 're a celebrity or anyone else for that matter ?
you trump fans need a lesson in what it takes to be an honorable man .
drunk driving could have easily killed me in the past couple years luckily enough people on mpc called me a nigger so i have stopped doing that mpc status updates
dude what a real nigga
i 'd really enjoy a play about fr .
solanus casey .
what a fantastic story .
but to reiterate : we do n't all have the same ethnic make up , we do n't all live the same realities , coloured people are not a homogeneous group .
then i stand corrected .
thanks .
trump is the most ignorant and least worldly president in modern history ... he makes george w. look like a rhodes scholar .
a man who 's too ignorant to recognize his own ignorance is now the most powerful man in the world ... truly frightening .
i should also add they need to intend to return to live here as well .
ca n't believe we went from vanessa place and patrik to milo 's former butt boy who was fired for not being racist enough and now is trying to get diddled by a priest so he can be gay but blameless
so , here is to hoping i have the same dream tonight i was having last night & # 128540 ; # itwasalladream # thatshiphassailed
what 's important at this time is to continue to focus the work and research of women of color .
in particular , i highly recommend and encourage you to look into the work of my big sister , dr. jioni lewis , who is a preeminent expert of gendered racial microaggressions ...
as an indian person , i completely disagree with putting india in the middle east .
however , i am saying it to make a point that pakistan could be considered the middle east based on certain peoples opinions
let 's lose our minds and go fucking crazy .
ah ya ya ya ya i keep on hoping we 'll eat cake by the ocean !
♪ ♥
there is plenty if evidence that trump " loves " girls .
even young , attractive woman .
he just has issues with all the rest .
of course , his definition of " love " is groping them and forcing kisses on them , sneaking into their dressing rooms to catch them naked , so if you do n't think he 's misogynist , then what is he - a dirty old man ?
the carbon tax is more likely to encourage innovation , create jobs and move the economy forward , especially if it is revenue neutral .
by 2023 the cpc will have endorsed the carbon tax .
@senblumenthal you really are dumb as a box of rocks .
think we are deaf , dumb and blind ?
we see what s going on at the border , we feel the effects of it all across the country .
and i am sure our troops would rather be at borders than afghanistan 's , or iraq 's , or syria 's or africa 's etc .
yes one must muse how the liberals attempt to pervert history to their own liking , truth and fact has never been their friend ! !
-r. b. bennett , conservative 
 1930 election -17th - ooops 
 let us never forget a pm who stood for up for   his country and fought along side his allies stephan harper ! ! ! !
2006 election -39th 
 2008 election -40th 
 2011 election - 41st 
 mad max ’ bernier 
 2019 - 43rd 
 2022- 44th 
 2025 -45th
i have so much anger in my little person it is fucking insane .
i have only ever known of one proper christian my age and he is moving * * to * * america next month to spread the message of his church
except for that private cake company who was forced to bake a gay cake for a gay wedding that when it ok for the government to step in and force a private company to do what they want right faggot btw google is not a private company they are publicly traded
< user > its an epidemic in all of america ghetto shitholes
i think transgender are ok , dunno if   i 'd want one next to me " in country " , preferable to colonel john o'connell vc and bar however @farrightwatch
did you know that pigs can fly ?
no ?
well the warthog is the national bird in iraq , so you 're wrong .
how dare they take the person most qualified rather than the white male !
honestly can we stop with the pedophilia jokes ?
they 're getting old .
despite norman lear 's attempt to make the carroll o'connor fictional archie bunker character appear ridiculous , his effort was not a complete success .
many of archie 's instincts were actually morally defensible from a catholic standpoint .
he was opposed to abortion , premarital cohabitation , and same sex arrangements .
while he may have been caveman - like in his views on the role of females in society , he correctly understood that while men and women are created equal , they are not interchangeable .
his patriotism is admirable , as is his sense of guilt when he finds himself attracted to women other than his wife .
if anyone should be ridiculed , it should be the meathead , with his near perfect record of being wrong on practically every moral issue .
being bi is just a transition step between straight and gay .
people who are bi just need to choose !
the underlying issue is based on a lie ; that african americans are being unfairly targeted by police and that police are out of control .
in fact , according to crime stats outlined in " the war on cops " by heather macdonald , unarmed white men are more likely to be shot and killed in their encounters with police than unarmed black men .
additionally , it is widely known that crime rates are out of control in the black community , with close to 50 % of america 's murders taking place entirely within that one community , despite it forming only 12 % of the population .
thousands of black men and even young teens and children have died at the hands of other black men since some nfl players started to opt out of standing for the anthem .
only a dozen or so unarmed black men have died at the hands of police , many of them non white .
many shots fired around 2:30 -- hope they did n't have to kill him
she a he and it a kike
can someone please explain why so few business leaders , governors and mayors defend paris accord after trump ’s rejection ?
are you from india or pakistan ?
if these was done on a woman the network might have been shut done .
gender equality at its finest .
she wants fame , money , and irrelevant people 's validity , masked with a shell of self - dignity , and wants such perks without its negativity .
apparently independent thought does n't sit well with some .
we actually need more legislators who are willing to think with their mind , not just with the party .
i think i need me a walk on the bitch at night 😩
@bishopoftyler jesus was not a homophobe .
the homophobic stuff was paul , and was like so many priests — self loathing .
the schools pass out condoms like lollipops , sexualize and indoctrinate kids into a sexually permiscuous world view from the age if 5 , encourage kids to " explore their sexuality " , praise girls when they " empower " themselves by dressing provocatively , then throw the boys in jail as soon as they act on all the input we 've been giving them for over a decade of their lives .
let 's be clear .
this kid supposedly had sex with one of his classmates .
no evidence this was n't consensual , if it happened at all .
we're not talking about a creepy   guy luring 12 year olds into a bathroom in the park .
are you going to hypocritically tell me that shocks you ?
is n't this the reason we immerse kids in an extremely explicit sex ed program ?
because " they 're gon na do it anyway , might as well be safe " ?
and while we 're at it , might as well give 'em good instructions so they can get it right !
it 's all fine and good until a boy turns 18 , then he magically becomes a sexual predator that should be punished for life .
this girl is more toxic than mah dick
all white people are pedophile enablers becuase white men lead the world in pedophiliia .
from the church to the classroom .
by getting rid of empathyless old white men ?
converting the guide way for brt instead of rail could eliminate future cost of rail operations and maintenance and reclassify fta funding from rail to brt .
plus brt stations instead of train stations may cost a lot less .
also the context of this is just , fucking horrible
@sportslarryknbr amazing ?
he plays in the wcc .
twice a year he gets to play lmu , pepperdine , portland and usf among others
so , like i said ... the g line is not " heavy rail " .
just " heavier " than light rail .
the whole issue of the stupid gates is because it is not grade - separated .
no body is suggesting they can do the job better .
read a little before popping off .
what we want to know is how such a salary is justified ?
on what basis is it determined ?
if it is based strictly on equivalency then i cry foul .
that 's a hell of a lot of money to pay someone to run a utility .
maybe he 's worth it .
i do n't know .
that 's why i 'm open to anyone showing me how compensation works in this industry and if it makes sense fine , i 'll accept that .
so far no one has really come forward with that explanation .
i still smell something rotten here .
why are not more muzzies embarrassed by their fellow muzrat islamofacists who murder and commit other heinous crimes in the name of their book falseprophet may piss be upon him and moongoddess fuc kislam
lgbt people are six times more likely to attempt suicide than normal people .
the only negro i d shed a tear for
advice is to find another girl to fuck so he 's not such a desperate pussy for a crumb of attention from this broad
monica looks like she 's going through stage 4 terminal sjwism with how she 's got her hair styled .
democrats are so brainwashed retarded that this will not register since they have no reasoning skills whatsoever we need a campaign to call them racists and sexists back it messes with their programming
# tuckerhighligts 1/5/17 : 

 -gop lawmakers call for investigation into christopher steel 
 -rinos drag their feet on immigration reform 
 -climate hysterics now see all weather phenomena as proof 
 -fbi to open 4 probes into clinton corruption 
 -psycotic psycotherapist champions anti - white indoctrination
disgusted with the globe , i 've posted many , many comments explaining that m-103 is a motion and not a law , nor is it an automatic precursor to a law .
to see it once more described , moronically ,   as a ' blasphemy law of the regressive left " only deserved a ' disagree ' this time .
i hope that 's acceptable to you .
and not that it 's a huge deal , but i 'm a man .
yeah , how 's that privatisation of generation working out for you , huh ?
did you know that pigs can fly ?
no ?
well the warthog is the national bird in iraq , so you 're wrong .
# tuckerhighligts 1/5/17 : 

 -gop lawmakers call for investigation into christopher steel 
 -rinos drag their feet on immigration reform 
 -climate hysterics now see all weather phenomena as proof 
 -fbi to open 4 probes into clinton corruption 
 -psycotic psycotherapist champions anti - white indoctrination
still angry about what that gang of white men did to you ?
i never said do n't protect your family .
but i guy stealing mail , or a car , is no threat to your family .
police voluntarily take the job and are paid for it ( paid enough is an entirely different debate ) , and i pay taxes for these services , so i fully expect them to respond when i call them .
i do not expect them to get shot or shoot someone over my 4 - wheeler .
and i will criticize you when your actions make me unsafe .
what happens if i 'm lost in your neighborhood , and you take my driving around and around as " suspicious activity ? "
what happens when you kill me because you do n't think i have a right to be on your neighborhood sidewalk - which my taxes helped pay for ?
i have to die so you can prove what a macho crime stopper you are ?
so the infant in chief is trying to look presidential .....
and that baby does not look like it has any nigger blood
you were n't already wary of men who do shit like going to planned parenthood rallies ?
if the guy was a muslim , nobody would have bothered him .
& # 128514;&#128514 ; niggas sending screenshots of me to they bitches like " stop texting cuh " & # 128557 ;
the bishops are trying to pour old wine into new skins ... nothing happens , old wine has already stopped its fermenting .
how about trying to bring us all , young and old , some new wine ( truths ) for a change .
the young are not the only ones who have left the churches led by these men who proclaim tired old ideas that worked in the roman empire .
instead of propping up that old kingdom , we are out searching for the " kin"dom of the people of god promised by vatican ll .
those seeds were planted but not allowed to grow .
" last week , with a key court deadline looming for daca , mr. trump , exasperated , asked his aides for “ a way out ” of a dilemma he created by promising to roll back the program as a presidential candidate . "
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/04/us/president-trump-daca-dreamers.html
@samtrap84 in this world we do n't spank the monkey the monkey spanks us .
i 'm not gay , but i 'll sometimes , you know , flirt with other girls or pretend to make out with them because that 's funny .
urban renewal is easy to achieve just ship asians and whites in en masse oh but they will not want to come if ghetto blacks are still there
you are joking , right ?
this editorial reads to me like an argument against right to die or same - sex marriage .
if this bill passes , everyone will do it and it will become rampant and spill into every aspect of life .
the militants who arrived for the showdown at malheur are a threat .
they threatened local people , local law enforcement , the fbi .
the percentage of leos involved in deadly force exchanges is minute .
yes , the men and women who sign on for the job know that they may at some point use the gun that comes with the job .
most often it 's for protection .
i doubt that any leo expects to use deadly force .
in the case of finicum and the people rallying , raging about the incident , the officer deserves full protection , including concealing his identity .
butts was in the creation of this mess with dalton from day one , he owns the mess too
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
' we ll have two diff ways after about 2 yrs'-she whispered .
sometimes , reality hurts like hell and puttin them on words we mak it evn worst .
< user > being gay is apassive aggressive form of hetrophobia
the women who came out against weinstein filed lawsuits
< user > < user > i hate you 😂
even tho i hate that i 've been working this side job everyday after work and weekends with no days off .
feels good when that income comes in
for god 's sake , wo n't you just give president trump a chance before you have your collective temper trantrum ?
yesterday i went shopping and i did not buy a white blouse growth
once a cheater always a cheater , does n't matter if it 's male or female .
finish one relationship before you have another common sense ! !
a rare quality in folks now days , not good business to mix anything other than friendships with coworkers .
when it goes bad you 're stuck seeing them or running into them not to mention the scuttle butt that goes around the office ! !
who needs it ! !
what does lgbtq stand for ?
let god burn the queers
another sexist article by leah mclaren .
everything is mens fault , and women do all of the work .
ridiculous .
my wife complained that i did n't do the dishes .
so i said i would do the dishes ..... she just had to go outside and mow the lawn , change the oil in her car , take the garbage out and do everything on the honeydo list .
i work 50 hours a week , did n't get a year off when our son was born , and am expected to do all of the " mens work " as far as chores are concerned .
she 's a teacher , so works 32 hours a week ( when they are n't in their 14 weeks a year of vacation , or using one of their 26 sick days ) .
somehow i 'm supposed to work an extra 18 hours a week , do all of the " mens chores " , and feel bad that she has to do the dishes .
why ?
ridiculous articles by sexist writers who think women are so hard done by .
my wife gets it now that someone ( other than leah mclaren ) has explained the definition of equality .
get the bot to ban me end my suffering
you may not always receive what you want , but if you pray and trust in god , you 'll always get what you need .
situations like this are why marriages should be renewable contracts with solid exit rights for men ... but of course marriage is only a one - way street these days to punish the male and hand all his past , present , and future earnings over to her .
even if , as has happened , she parks herself on the couch the day after the wedding and goes to town on the rocky road , hey , it 's all his fault .
all this lovey - dovey stuff in marriage is crap , if she is not holding up her end of the bargain to be a desirable wife then husband has every right to show her the door .
feelings be damned .
expectations should be known before going in , though - even better just do n't get married , it 's the worst possible contract for a male to have ever existed .
i ve never understood it everty moslem should have been expelled by < number > < number >
it 's some producers that think a trap beat is just a trap beat when really it 's levels to this trap beat shit ...
these left ones are running scared that trump is growing in popularity with every thing he is doing , that as the economy soars and jobs come back they will be proven to be completely wrong and become politically insignificant in 2 years after mid terms when the gop wins even more ! !
so they will use the usual garbage like the nazi comparisons since they have no idea what they are talking about
< user > jihad is mainly responsible and jihadi 🐖 like u r greatly responsible stop jihad and world will be much much peaceful 😠
cause who else would right this country law refused to protect women rights as human being women only have nothing but ourselves our own bodies to protect ours indonesian women are fcking strong i must say whew
i 'm still wrestling with wanting to get gta v , and it 's something i have to remind myself .
ugly hoes really sick in the mind .
get a lil dick and become dick - matized .
as long as they do n't put anything else together   ;-) 
 could you imagine the intellectual ability of their offspring ?
you may not always receive what you want , but if you pray and trust in god , you 'll always get what you need .
" i 'm glad the shooter was not any kind of minority . "
he is a minority .
white male .
that 's fucking it i 'm going to cleveland for the weekend nobody talk to me & # 128581;&#127998 ;
< user > < number > interracial violent victimizations excluding homicide between blacks and whites last year including white on black and black on white attacks blacks committed < number > of those interracial felonies or < number > % , and whites committed < number > of them or less than < number >
when you can get off the gop or any other blame excuse , we could have a legit discussion .
obama was a big salesman of single pay but changed his tone when he realized it would take much more than that .
he was in fact the one to say no to it when the aca was being crafted by the insurance industry lobbiests he said then it would be a long transition .
do you even understand the way single payer works or even its definition ?
i did n't think so .
in its basic form it means there is one entity that pays all the medical costs for you .
the money it uses comes from the taxpayer in the form of taxes .
like now , more do n't pay than do so the upper 50 % will pay all the medical taxes .
how much do you think that will come to andi ?
if you got a pay check , just how much do you think would come out of it ?
40 % ?
50 % ?
more ?
you would pay with no regards to how those non payers abuse themselves and the system .
how did the va do with those guys ?
not so well as we found out .
there is no simple answers .
asshole ghetto trash bastard i will have a party when someone puts his in the ground
< user > < user > this song by amy winehouse i am telling you go to karaoke anywhere and the white bitches will all unanimously sigh when it comes on because they mad they wanted to sing it 😂
@777voices @fentythriller is him saying this on video available online , i m curious , but yeah michael was not homophobic , people need to stop shitting on this man and causing bs .
far left and far right will eventually embrace violence and mutually destroy one another possibly leaving the path clear for a truly sustainable egalitarian society you are all being played so goddamn hard it hilarious
how am i fucked in the head ?
trannies are subhuman trash .
what does lgbtq stand for ?
let god burn the queers
bill clinton - the divide of race url
shame so many did n't get your comment .
folks ... he is referring to a sketch by monty python ( /män(t)ē/ /ˈpīˌthän ) a british surreal comedy group known for having a go at some of the more absurd customs and social norms , which pretty much defined proper english society right up until the early to mid 70 's or so .
the sketch the esteemed mr. huffman ( tip of the hat to you ) is referring is about a catholic yorkshire man , his wife , and 62 ( 63 by the first verse ) children , some who are going to have to be sold for medical experiments because the mill is closing , and the family ca n't afford to feed them .
when their children ask why the parents do n't practice some kind of birth control to avoid abject poverty and children being sold for medical experiments , the father explains that this is against god 's wishes , and they all break into a cheerful and rousing song with the chorus : 

 " every sperm is sacred , 
 every sperm is great .
if a sperm is wasted , 
 god gets quite irate . "
rt @tegustaaa : if you suppose to be a man , don&#8217;t be a bitch .
i hate these gay losers url
i promise you i will not let another nigga know shit about me ever again this nigga really throwing when i got raped in my face because it do not make sense to him get raped and see if it make sense to you too
the constant chimpouts , the endless jewsh kvetching , the perpetual antiwhite scapegoating , the wildly exhausting , endless hysterics from sjw lgbt bourgeois cool kids who think the world revolves around their marginalized queer identity - all of this produces fatigue
white athletes protesting white genocide or black on white violence would make some serious news imagine a white college football player kneeling during the anthem and saying he did it to protest the 2 0 k white girls that blacks rape and sexually assault every year
oh , thanks alot !
i do n't know why broads drunk dial me .... i'm sleep , hoe ! !
@yasminqureshimp @amcarmichaelmp china is bad , india is bad but pakistan is ..... how many christians are there in pakistan ?
how many hindus ?
u r either wilfully ignorant or ..
i realize that this is n't the peace corps party line on approaching community norms , but about a year in , i frankly stopped caring what others , even counterparts , thought about such things .
i decided that since i did n't feel unsafe or that it would dramatically impact my service , i should come out in order to give everyone a gay that they knew , even if i am a foreigner .
it 's easy to bedevil a population when they feel far removed , but giving them a real person they know is what ultimately changes hearts and minds .
i just grow tired of seeing queer folx get canned on daily especially since most of its not funny and we are losing queer black youth at a rapid rate
the /b / tard pisses on you white fanatics and the diseased inbred cumstains like you .
glad you 're being replaced whore 😉
the reporters got a number of things perfectly correct , 

 i 'll draw attention to one point where they still do n't quite hit the mark , 


 they finally did call it like it almost is , they called it trump 's insurgent campaign .
when they add the proper adjective they will have completed their service to the public .
when they call it trump 's fascist insurgent campaign they will have correctly described it .
stream of downvotes ensues when someone dares to suggest that men can get cat - called too , on r / twoxchromosomes
someone seems to be retarded but that one is not me better luck next time
what will the lgbt community achieve together this month ?
aids
grow up and live miserably with someone who he has no attraction to ?
sounds like torture to me ...
asian american sex workers on the frontlines of xenophobia , sexism , racism .
this powerful dominatrix is one of our community heroes .
url
we are proud that our tools can serve the lgbtq+ community , particularly in places where it is dangerous to be out .
this june and year round , the tor project stands in solidarity with the lgbtq+ community .
happy # pride2019 !
url url
the liberalization institutionalization and whitewashing of queer ness really has just anybody calling themselves queer even if their lifestyle political ideology completely contradicts the radical historical roots of the identity ideology bring back gatekeeping
what " unmitigated " drama !
the author loses all credibility with such hyperventilating .
i wish i could have seen the hands flapping .
fucking stingy people you suck please do all the fucking thing how is not how you want # fuckthepeople
we support trans people here
when did blacks and hispanics and muslims and feminist and queers and gays and transgenders and illegals and jews gain the upper hand law according to them screw that
why do white guys love being so edgy ?
they 're able to slit their wrist much easier anytime they seek attention
they used to have cracker and honky now they have antiracist them to us racist us and nazi does this mean i can say nigger faggot kike sandnigger and spic again fuck you anti white scum 😬
true no substitute for a pillow princess pussy but a good cocksucking sissy is not without her merits too just got ta show who boss and keep medical records especially now that the healthcare system getting gutted again grab a medical slut before they are all gone
but those who point out " racially"-based injustices are not .
that 's what i did .
you do n't like it because you 're " sensitive " when such injustices are pointed out .
your problem .
the actual injustices are my problem .
and i do n't believe your grandmother ever said that .
it was a hastily concocted -- and really , really lame -- statement you just made up , and you spelled " reeks " wrong .
not nice to blame your poor writing skills on your grandma .
i mean i agree with you , but focusing on islam only instead of religion in general is like punishing 1 of your 2 kids for doing the same .
oppressive religion should be your focus , not oppressive islam
the elephant is not a plant .
marijuana use is down or at least flat since legalization .
find something else to blame , blaming a plant is silly .
i guess no one used drugs or alcohol when you were in high school .
< user > sorry i am not a queer and if i was it be with a negro
so then why would you be against taking away certain freedoms from women such as the right to race mix pornography lobby for sand nigger refugees etc
ken an excellent post and thank you for having the courage to say it !
well done .
the criticism from alan ross take with a grain of salt .
he fits into the " act in an irresponsible manner " .
he was telling readers of a plug in toy he got for christmas four years ago and it fit into the category of moral degeneracy .
are you the nazi faggot with the feminine boobs
you are just another retarded white boy ready to shoot up a school smh you are such trash .... please go to your closet and make a noose and kill yourself your fuckin trash
phobia is not just fear it irrational fear even if there are people who actually fear islam their fear is fully rational and justified thing is people find islam repulsive vile violent and foul no feeling of fear involved
literally every man in my fam copped a bad white bitch as a wife .
i ai n't even boutta break da chain .
unless a latina comes around
israel wants syria for itself and the rest of the damned sinai too that what this goddamn jewish war we have been fighting since < number > is all about displacing arabs to europe and america so the cunting kikes can steal more land for israel
# vsvillage my victories : landed a neuro summer internship , gave my first research talk at a national conference and am acing my classes !
listen folks do n't get too excited with last nights game .
buds ' " young guns " are still learning and habs ' replacement players are still yearning for a job .
it   is that simple .
in that type of situation the more desperate element will always win out   over an   untested circumstance .
habs must work harder   to improve as a team and buds must improve quickly and learn how to win more consistently
so many people are suggesting the wonderwoman outfit , but you guys i will be at gdc that sounds awkward
mass killings in america , by deranged men , are occurring ever more frequently .
every country has a sizeable contingent of mentally ill citizens wanting to vent their anger .
america ’s the only one that provides them easy access to sophisticated weaponry and the power to play god .
love thy neighbor : - thy homeless neighbor - thy gay neighbor - thy muslim neighbor - thy black neighbor - thy immigrant neighbor - thy jewish neighbor - thy addicted neighbor - thy christian neighbor - thy atheist neighbor - thy disabled neighbor
walt monegan always has an excuse .
why do our leaders keep employing this man ?
remeber they come at you with a smile then ask you hate jews blacks the mexicans not the illegal ones just regulars then ask you repent for your sins repent is another fake christian do not fallow there a wako texas style christian lmfao funny gay nazis whitesupreamist fbi will be watching 😉 🤗 🤗 🤗 🤗
italy is for italians get the immigrants to go back to their shitholes america is for americans europe is for europeans clear
is not malte muslim too sickening tweets
pessimism is a sign of objective perception of reality 
 i find it to be a good and attractive quality
" instead of dismantling the system , she plundered it for cash . "
you wrote the answer to your own question .
with many taxpayers unwilling to pay any more tax , the government has to raise revenue somewhere .
blame the conservatives for turning the voters against taxes .
everything about this piece makes me want to avoid john doyle for the rest of all time .
he loads every sentence with disdain , giving the impression that he 's above and sees through everything on television .
eww .
find someone else to write for you , someone who enjoys tv !
his disdain is only worsened by his affection for overusing offensive descriptors " tweeness " ( used 4 times ) and " feyness " ( i 'm sorry , a gay man is " too gay " and this offends your homophobic worldview ? )
get rid of john doyle .
seriously .
prolly heard i m a hoe from a hoe 👶 🏽
why would a ripped and well to do guy like sodini get rejected .... 
 on the other hand sivkly and drug addicted bums have no problems getting laid ?
this article oerfectly explains the problem with sjw 's complaining about wage gap .
do n't forget about her comments about capital punishment .
she argues on the different ways people should be put to death a la islamic beliefs , never stopping to consider she is writing in a culture in which the death penalty is banned .
sheema and others muslims should learn to accept   the 21st century .
wow- new owners and already fresh , diverse opinions that are not from the washington post or new york times !
i applaud christine flowers ' unmasking of 3rd wave feminism and leftist identity politics has made for itself-- largely fake campus " rape culture , " perpetuated largely by campus feminist groups .
after the ' rolling stone ' falsifed its campus rape story , coupled with the numerous examples that flowers brings up , society has slowly started to realize the harm this kind of faux victimhood thinking is doing to the next generation of youth .
yes , there are many examples of sexual assault- both from males and females- but to say " rapists and perpetual rapists are everywhere , out there in the ether ! "
is not helpful to anyone , and this 3rd wave feminist thinking is toxic to everyone , including their own children : 
 .
http://www.dailywire.com/news/18590/monster-bigoted-feminist-writer-shames-her-amanda-prestigiacomo
if it 's not a thing , it certainly should be !
looking great , sweetie !
" @layne_harris956 @leviking55 @128_colby " " if ur from azle or anywhere else the cops are coming , if not then continue partying ! " " "
this " holding one 's nose " stuff is becoming a cliché .
the stench americans smell is themselves .
american society stinks because it has never reconciled and made reparations for its racist past because mainstream white americans are feeble - minded , obedient consumers and not much else .
the stench too comes from the corruption of americans ignoring the fanaticism and terrorism of far - right racists and misogynists , abdicating power to them in the guise of protecting religion .
hillary clinton is better than most americans because she 's a fighter , an intellectual workhorse , she knows her enemies and generally takes no prisoners .
it 's more than you can say about obama who was always capitulating to his enemies , treating them like friends when they were calling him " nigger . "
obama preferred not to get his hands dirty and so accomplished less than he could have .
the reality is that american men are psychologically uncomfortable with the idea of a woman in power .
medusa is laughing .
not gon na happen .
bfa scores a hat trick for your js tonight : 

 http://www.sportsnet.ca/baseball/mlb/brett-anderson-destroys-blue-jays-hat-getting-pulled/
director writer joss whedon is a pos he will drum up as much violence as he can from the comforts of his bespoke couch maga
what will the lgbt community achieve together this month ?
aids
do not worry the media will conveniently ignore who this person is and use the violence to condemn white supremacists
peter was drafted to the army , as he said .
ever heard of the keating five ?
i 'm with you .
i 'm pretty sure all the women and children are just hauled around in buses by the media until it 's time for another photo shoot .
pisses me off .
just look at all these damn men .
one of them a big pussy boy with cankles wearing a shirt that says ( on english , no less ) " man up or shut up " while he 's * running away from his country * .
what a bitch .
url.jpg
i want the local lgbt bakery to bake a cake that says : 

 " only two genders "
everything is racist according to radical lefties .
all these four congresswomen do is talk shit about this country , a country that literally saved omar 's life .
trump is merely saying if this country is so great go back to somalia , fix it and then show us how it 's done , if it 's so easy .
dems call everyone racist who they disagree with or who criticizes them so much that they 're even doing it to their own party .
it 's hilarious .
ie .
these 4 progressives now call pelosi a racist and biden now being called a racist .
the race card is so overplayed by the left , true actual racism gets ignored .
i will only see to respecting transgenders for there mental illness and that they need to go get a government ... and stay out of polical offices and schools influence and leadership ..
so , here is to hoping i have the same dream tonight i was having last night & # 128540 ; # itwasalladream # thatshiphassailed
< user > ‍ always has thought provoking quotes but he usually more likely to reply to a kike than me notice me senpai
lots of jews in the armed services as a veteran i never encountered a single one lots of blacks hispanics and poor whites but not a single kike
* dies in a game * no one : james : this game is so homophobic
they 're " left " and " right " wings of the same filthy house .
good cop , bad cop .
best interracial dating sites eharmony review dating a trans woman scorpio and gemini compatibility chat rooms singles url
2019 america is so retarded and gay 😖
