no .
that comes two months from now .
today 's is " i hate trump january . " :)
also , here is a link to the thread for meeting other people who are interested in defending our race , whether as militants or negotiators .
" kdlg reported that brito is also charged with burglary and theft . "
and if it were male / female involved , is it important to you that heterosexual is used to describe the relationship ?
unprivating because what is that abusive women gon na do report me for swearing mkay luv go awf
as fedup posted below ,   the shooter bought his guns in illinois ,   had a valid illinois firearms owners id ( foid ) , and passed background checks on the purchases .
so spanish public opinion should influence our constitutional rights ?
she 's trying to play it as " we can have our own opinions but i still respect you " - no .
she does n't .
she admitted that she was selling out .
he may have been a target for what i call electronic stalkers .
then exhibiting what i call madlib , or trying to grasp at straws connecting the dots .
just what the paper needed .
a third story about this .
i suppose we 're just killing time until the next outrage emerges .
in gods eyes love the sinner hate the sin
123 slaughter me street is fucking bullshit .
it 's so bad .
being a white knight male feminist does n't get you laid .
it makes you pathetic .
eat shit and die china .
well , they 'll let just anyone be a cop these days .
ok , i get you now .
we were probably just talking past each other a little , but god believe me i do n't need anymore constitutional education or training .
i agree the council people can act politically , but they 're not demanded by anything to do so .
there 's no part of the city charter that says anything about any of this , that 's why they should n't engage in this as a council .
let 's look at some chapter titles of the charter to see what council is elected to address :   advertising , animals , air pollution control , buildings , community planning and development , auctions , emergency vehicles , health and sanitation , housing , zoning , licenses , etc .
there is a human rights chapter , but that deals with employment issues , creates separate committees , deals with contracting issues , etc .
these are the pedestrian day - to - day running a city issues council is supposed to deal with they are free to act politically privately , but do n't argue they should be acting on immigration issues .
lol ! !
and you believe all of that crap ?
get real !
trump is liquid .
he owes a few hundred $ million , and his loan to values are about 10 % .
his net worth is in the multi-$billions .
that means that 90 % of what he has is free and clear .
he generates income .
he builds luxury apartments .
he lists them for sale before they are finished and whomever shows up with the $ millions gets them , no matter where they come from , or what   color they are .
americans ?
ok !
russians ?
ok !
chinese ?
ok !
asians ?
ok !
blacks ?
ok !
whites ?
ok ! ...
etc .
that is the ethical american way , in case you did n't know that .
he also owns multiple golf courses around the world .
anyone can play there , black , white , brown yellow , red .
it does n't matter .
your fake news without sources is just that- fake news .
if a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites .
why does japan have a low obesity rate and a low birth rate ?
they do n’t like fat man and little boy
it 's too bad justin trudeau was n't kept there .
you silly .
when the chinese dump the bond at $ 500 , the us$ will become worthless .
smart traders would buy yuan , not the worthless bond .
and yes , you will be holding a $ 500 bond that has $ 0 value .
on maturity you 'll get $ 1,000 which you can buy a loaf of bread at best .
you got it now ?
what if < number > million asians oust whites from spots < number > million < number > million how far are you willing to go to dispossess native whites ya know there a reason for separate nations fucking cuck
yet another anti - christian screed .
and to what end ?
want to have some real fun ?
take a look at the damage the transgender foolishness is doing to women 's sports .
the feminsts are beside themselves , but now find themselves a rung or two down the newly defined pecking order .
men and boys pretending to be women competing and winning in women 's sports events .
could n't happen to a nicer group of people .
cheers -
" rt @gidi_traffic : " " @followlastma : [ 6:45am ] mile12 to ketu is building up , to alausa by service lane is building up likewise to fruit market … "
bouta get real ghetto
seriously i have n't seen a single # masseffectandromeda review that i agree with .
it was the best i 've played so far in the series .
this coming from a country that regularly gang rapes goats .
haha rapistan , living up to its name
she did n't know how to tie the rope .
he purchased the items used .
but for this piece of filth , she might have gotten over her emotional dip and would still be here today .
this guy should never again be allowed loose in society .
the asian men who can not find wives in their own countries could perhaps be introduced to the american and european women who can not find husbands in their own countries
the point is that a woman is faced with a moral decision which can only be decided based on the circumstances .
i would not force my moral beliefs on others much less do so without knowing the facts of each case .
it is hard to tell how abusive the father was .
the female writer does not provide context for her father 's actions .
if the writer was truly abused and emotionally neglected , and has come to fear her father , then i 'd have to say that david eddie 's advice is terrible .
an abused person would not be okay confronting her father in the way eddie proposed .
< user > < user > perhaps you should sto pforcing your morals on others like a 1 9 5 0 racist white christian
is she gay
r / foreveralone is beyond saving ( i also got permabanned for this post )
i give up guys anglin is more pro white by fucking gook hookers we all should follow him like some sick puppy and do as he does
< user > < user > the caucasity of white people dressing up as negros for props did you all not see justin trudeau
i just grow tired of seeing queer folx get canned on daily especially since most of its not funny and we are losing queer black youth at a rapid rate
yes they all know , i have felt this way for year more than i can to think about .
more likely scenarios : 1 ) these women are simply done with those machines and it 's a coincidence , or 2 ) they feel unsafe because men have pulled some uncomfortable bullshit on them in the past .
but , no : they 're like gazelles .
that makes total sense .
🙄
the uk has threatened to return radioactive waste to the eu if an agreement can not be reached can not we keep the radioactive waste and send back all the paki migrants instead
# womenaretoohardtoanimate because " oops , our game is 100 % female characters , oh well " is n't a thing , but this is
not caring that black women are < number > times as likely to abort their unborn baby than white women is not racist not wanting to fund abortion thereby protecting black lives is racist tom trinko sjwlogic
we 've got only one of two players in the squad playing today who has what it takes to up the game when it 's needed the most .
" according to oxfam , the world could see its first trillionaire in 25 years if the superrich continue to benefit from the “ highly secretive industry of wealth management . ”
there might be many shady types of people among the super rich .
but the reality is that there are also many hard working , industrious people among the rich who have taken some risks and worked for what they have .
rather than take away the wealth of the elite , i think the answer is to ensure that they pay their fair share of taxes as them accumulate their wealth .
property rights matter .
you ca n't just take away the assets in order to make it a more human economy for all , or tax away the benefit of accumulating wealth .
wealth is mobile and it will move .
spanking like gun control is another one of those shitlib causes that if you dig a little deeper into their motivation is really about fixing the normal race based behaviors of urban blacks swpls hate seeing those ghetto mamas beating the snot out of their kids in target
< user > well not really islam does not care for ridicule nor reason you beat islam like you would a pack of wolves just do not be a bitch and act tougher than they are problem solved oh and do not invade their hunting grounds if you can help it
it works pretty well in canada .
carry your bags , sir ?
when i get older i want to travel the world and try to see the world from other religious stand points
there 's nothing wrong with sex between two consenting adults ..... or , in my case , one consenting adult ....
me trying to figure out what soccer stans are saying is not working i am a lesbian i ca nt understand none of it
@airport documentaries why would allah test people ?
i wonder why this has been introduced i would n't trust anything that is being taught in our schools - nothing in our schools is for the betterment of our white children and anything that has been newly introduced ( especially in the times we are living in now ) i would be highly sceptical .
but it should report on more .
or do we always only present one side immediately ..... no need to answer that we both know regardless of what the accusations are the answer is yes .
the ones they disagree with will just never get printed .
trudeau is tone deaf , we do not want more chinese fraud , 

 sincerely , 

 bc invaded by china 

 ( p.s. send them home ! )
fuck dude work that cock 😍 😍 i wanna lick those balls while you slap my face with that cock
yea i m def a dyke cause pretty boys r so ugly to me n also all the rest of them
there will only be 21 million bitcoins in total , 16 million are in circulation now .
enough i m a homo just like it is so we used high tops he got his gay face on fraid so
that 's okay .
we 'll have the brave lady with a conscience .
creator wants me to stop reading and start singing ?
too bad .
maybe if he did n't have such a slow computer .
was expecting the aussie players let see if they are projects
the asian men who can not find wives in their own countries could perhaps be introduced to the american and european women who can not find husbands in their own countries
deport him back to where he came from
oh no the vietnamese
i 'm not from this era where we pull out our phones for every fucking thing
is it true that generals kelly and mattis have agreed that one of them will always be near trump , to stand between him and the red button ?
god is love .
god is in all of us including illegal immigrants .
< user > they deleted it right after lol then blocked and unblocked me why u defending trailer trash so hard
@angryblacklady i wo n't shut up .
i stand for women .
transwomen can stand up for themselves .
when owe - bama stood with the chinese leaders they were all chinese .
other smarter countries elect a leader from the majority ... for a reason !
what has owe - bama done for the majority ?
nothing good !
too busy inviting thug rappers to the white house !
a close up from last night # panties # thighs # femboy # femboi # dildo # anal # thighhigh # socks # stockings # gay # bi # crossdresser # crossdressing # twink url
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
anime culture has created a new generation of weeboos where black and white kids gon na have ching chong names cuz their stupid ass parents like ching chong cartoons
it 's interesting that it 's pc to call people latino / hispanic ( as opposed to just mexican ) but not too call people black , and risk misidentifying them as african american
i 'm glad you 're with her , michael .
unlike so many catholics who are more worried about yet - to - be born fetuses than the fate of seven billion people who are already born , i 'm glad you 're able to see reason with a clear eye .
but this sentence bothers me : " i am not confident clinton ’s appointments to the bench will be as solicitous of our religious institutions as i would want . "
ever heard of the separation of church and state ?
it is not the place of any president to be " solicitous " of any religious institution , as the catholic president john f. kennedy understood , because the president is president of all the people , including non - religious ones .
we live in a pluralistic country , not a christian theocracy , and some of us christians like it that way - it 's better for the country and for all religions .
oh , you 're not like our other indian colleague .
you 're light skinned , you 're okay .
they just talk about how brown they are .
i 'd love to hang out with anyone since there 's very few white nationalists here if any one wants to please pm because i really need some people to hang out with
i 'm so possible white latino people think i 'm european and are blown away when i speak spanish but sadly i 'm 5'8 and a retired athletes body .
why did the chicken cross the road ?
because it has cancer
best thing to do is go along to a blood and honour gig .
there is one in london in 2 weeks .
drunk driving could have easily killed me in the past couple years luckily enough people on mpc called me a nigger so i have stopped doing that mpc status updates
.... but where you have left the tracks is with your conspiracy theory that with his nato defensive upgrade , obama intentionally plotted and launched " a cynical , dangerous , flat out insane , gambit to destabilize the trump government ; " and " it was , also , treason . "
you say this was carried out by " democrat " ( sic ) party operatives .
actually , it was the fbi , in part , under republican appointee james comey , who did as much as anyone to kill the election prospects of hillary clinton with lies , half - truths , and innuendo , whose agents taped phone conversations of russian spies and caught flynn and others in their net .
donald trump is and has always been , a completely amoral , sociopathic business and sexual predator , without an ounce of sympathy for those he has screwed over .
at this time , it 's obvious that includes the citizens of the united states , including the fools who voted for him and still defend him , while claiming treason by those who find and report his crimes and misdemeanors .
imma need y' all to answer this question .
any of the nihgas who follow me fucked a non black woman ? ? ?
this just in : ur mom gay
everyone luvs 2 wreck things addicted to car crashes mayhem when it is applied to governments calm minds rneeded or we all get burned # poem
illegal and/or unethical actions by some should not be used to justify such actions by others .
oh sh kitty show me your muslim rage pleezz
i will continue to post those criminals who are criminals because they have entered the us illegally and then commit violent crimes against people in this country .
i post all those criminals reported on the 9th circuit ; it is n't my fault that they are of a particular ethnic background ; they are who and what they are .
the illegal entrants of asian backgrounds commit ' scam ' type crimes ; your beloved ethnicity are the vast majority of the " murderers , rapists , drug dealers " ( and fondlers of 9 - year old girls -- this week )   that trump says he is going to re - deport again .
you may want to give ' sanctuary ' to such people ; i believe we have enough home grown - scum to justify getting rid of this doubly - criminal scum .
also the conflation of immigrants with minorities is misguided it something the right does that the left should avoid
it does n't * matter * that one side wants to systemically oppress people of color , lgbtqa people , and women .
it just does n't guys .
why ca n't we all just get along ?
denby , do you or anyone at cb understand finance and economics ?
take obamacare , for example .
it is basically a wet blanket on economic growth .
small business is generally responsible for most employment in this country .
they 're not growing or expanding largely because of it .
if they reach a 50 employee level , or if employees work more than 30 hours a week , they 're required to buy the " one size fits all " health plans , which are very expensive .
you may not realize it , but most small businesses struggle to hit 5 cents on the dollar on the bottom - line , and it 's before the owner gets paid .
on a nafta matter , do you know that obama allowed mexican truck drivers to drive products from mexico all the way to final destination in the us ?
do you realize its consequences ?
american truck drivers were suddenly without jobs .
do you also realize that mexico slaps a 16 % vat on all products from the us into mexico ?
the us has no reciprocal tax .
fair ?
cover these issues .
some with paltry followers spending 24/7 attacking # ukip really expect me to respond ?
a genuine question i might , but why feed trolls ?
what are the " joys of being gay "
this is n't just gamergate this is n't just gamergate this is n't just gamergate this is a more obvious version of what already happens
" kdlg reported that brito is also charged with burglary and theft . "
do n't watch then faggot
spic nigger chink are just three examples
pope francis will ally with trump in brokering peace negotiations between israel and palestine - the greatest diplomatic coup of our time not to mention elevating the status of both men .
i would rather most of the immigration to the united states(70 - 80 % ) be merit based , yes , absolutely .
if we do n't fill that yearly quota the remaining can be distributed to low skilled people .
hitler was about as jewish as a negro is a chinaman .
i ’ d never go in the ghetto again to buy grabba i give rasta < number > dollars nicca say grabba gone up anoo
and the whole cease and desist letter to the bullet club and young bucks permitting them to no longer use the # 2sweet gesture is beyond ridiculous and hideous and wwe wonders why talent does n't want to work for them
that 's no excuse for stealing other people 's technology and research and intellectual property you 're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are and your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you 'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites you chinks are determined to eat every pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
weed guys the most emotional niggas ever
i took that post and expanded on it in a new thread because i do n't want to derail the music thread .
your prime minister is too busy lashing at russia with unfounded charges with no evidence to care about little british girls being raped and abused by smelly paki filth
tolerable slavs spanish italians greek hapas japanese maybe koreans chinese enemies blacks arabs south central americans mezistos mulatos indians pakis south east asians jews all ethnic even partially any mixes of these
< user > progressives socialists democrats know their only way to stay in power is through illegal aliens americans know they do not care about us
brokenhearted and slightly retarded
the top five recommended books are all written either by a woman or a visible minority author .
sorry , but in this age of loud identity politics , a la justin trudeau , that is an observation worth noting .
what one might ask with that observation is wide open .
does it mean white males are lesser players today in the arena of popular book writing ?
if so , does that mean there is an emergency situation that requires reflection on shortcomings in our education system and publishing industry ?
or does it simply mean that the columnist or editor wanted to display certain identity groups more prominently than the group that contains white males , and really there is no shortage of good books written by white males ?
hey , listen , i actually find over - use of identity politics to be a maladaptive bore , but in canada of 2017 it actually is the game being played , so let 's get all players on the ice to contribute to the new national sport - surely no sport should exclude players for race or gender .
a quick , powerful story i will never , ever forget about # tonimorrison : in college i befriended a fellow student i 'll call james .
james was black but had been adopted by a white family and raised in an all white community .
i was one of his 1st black friends .
at 20 .
rt @dnumberbefore_2 : she used to be more fun as a hoe .. this new you is to positive
evidence of marchagainsttrump moderator using 5 bot accounts to post almost 5000 articles to their sub in under 2 months • r / redditcensors : admins selectively let bots on reddit as part of a pattern of pro - feminist liberal , anti gender equality , anti - mensrights policies .
only white kids will get this dads
whichever party that proposes a 15 % on non - canadian buyers get my vote and a lot of other people who can not enter the stir - fried hot housing market .
incredible how asians have been turning to shitlib ideologies they are traditionally bulwarks of confucian law order disgusting they should be executed
demographics .
that being said , the needles they 've been poking her with are most certainly bigger than anything a little gook could hope to have .
i 'm an employee of that non - profit .
i pay the same taxes on my salary as an employee of a for - profit .
they are repeating some weird stuff .
< user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong criminals had audible talks in < number > wellington circle singapore he paced back and forth looking at my family colonial style bungalow in admiralty road in the late 1 9 7 0 this information from the audible talks a few years ago
bobo does n't work , so his comments from his darkened room do n't have much meaning other than to himself .
being freelance when you 're not part of a cool scene is fucking hard , yo .
hook your gloomy up , yeah ?
xo
rt tookenglandback politics in brexit britain is now firmly divided between patriots and liberal left wing traitors patriots will make our country great again for natives liberal and left wing traitors will continue to put the needs of immigrants asylum seekers and refugees first
" f those ugly idiots " " i ca nt stand useless people like this .
we need to dispose of them " " stop crying " \-ljoseph54
east asians do not recognize nigroids as fully human wo nt say it in public they get pissed off when ppl marry other even east asians muddling south asians are niggers of asia with their flat noses and low iq the genomes inherently recognize quality
generally americans seem to be much mor wok with murder / genocide / death by lack of humane health care then ... pretty much everyone else among democratic nations .
weird huh ?
the three most common religions today sprouted from the middle east but we do n't talk about that lmao
so it seems fagbook let me back in but let see how long that last before the ghetto welfare queens kings pc sjw and trannies start whining and blocking me from my free speech rights
have you ever noticed that the new trends in makeup and fashion are for women to look like liza minelli drag queens i can not tell if they actually are women what in the holy hell is that about
chinky chinky chinaman went to milk a cow chinky chinky chinaman did not know how chinky chinky chinaman pulled the wrong tit chinky chinky chinaman got covered in shit
without receiving holy communion , do you mean ?
too bad clicking on this link in safari reports a blocked plug - in and wo n't display or download the pdf , since the method used by g&m is n't secure !
this is the only website i have that this happens with .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > hey uneducated brainwashed sangi chaddi jihadi bjp it coolie if every countries become narrow minded extremist like you hindu jihadi give up liberal secular value < number > million indian rotting in ind even muslim country like dubai have < percent > indian hindu ungrateful chaddijihadis
doe anyone really believe that the money produced   would not be wasted on politically beneficial projects rather than the good of this country .
non whites negroes mestizos asians are used by jews as proxies against whites that why jews promote non white immigration in white countries so they can use non white proxies against whites to frame and blackmail for political control and eventually murder whites
do n't invite a poisonous snake into your house .
you might end up as lunch .
china is headed by a repressive , non - democratic , anti - free speech government .
they do n't allow foreign companies unfettered access to their economy .
partnerships with chinese firms are demanded , they suck all the information from the foreign company and then dump the foreign partner .
do n't expect an independent judiciary in china , because they 're controlled by the chinese government .
if your foreign company has a complaint and takes it to court , you will never win .
yes we will and you stick to trolling old women to artificially inflate your cult leaders book rankings we are going to save western civilization and you are going to do nothing but act like a retard all your life
i like chinese buffets but i hate all the chinks
ever noticed that ' male feminists ' tend to be total creeps ?

omar somebody did something , yes- who were the 9/11 hijackers ?
the hijackers in the september 11 attacks were 19 men affiliated with al - qaeda .
15 of the 19 were citizens of saudi arabia , two were from the united arab emirates , one was from lebanon , and one was from egypt and many americans died that day
you know why vermont is so safe , do n't you ?
there 's hardly any minorities in it !
true enough no young doctor wants to take over an existing medical medical practice in such unstable times with a crazed dictatorial government acting in such a contemptable manner .
no young doctor is going to sign leases etc . ,
and take the responsibilities onto his/ her shoulders either alone or with their friends .... so the ageing doctor is forced to cut back , to slow down ... and when the lease comes to an end .... to close the practice .
paper towels roflmmfao try beach towels and you want a white couch blinks
< user > are nt u muslim clown
" male directors only make movies so that they can fantasize over women . "
as if it only okay when you are a cute gay boy or a handsome one or a pretty girl or a hot ass dyke or you are a fishy queen
bummed that i lost out on this adorable puppy , but glad the original owners were able to reclaim her .
was " not being invaded by the third world " too much to ask
i think it 's because whites see asians to be most like us of any other race .
asians think that being asian is a personality trait
govt : do nt litter !
shopping centres : has literally two fucking dustbins per level
probably because she was running against a democrat .
find yourself an asian girl .
she 'll be more docile .
i built a fucking parfait ad here dont do this again
can we make an effort on a stickied post to find data on politicians who have done good things for men or said good things and then keep it in the sidebar to reference during election seasons ?
frankly , i was disappointed to see carson enter the political arena .
it has been reported he was involved in political activity on sabbath .
he has been made an icon by the pr movers and shakers in the sda church which i find rather dubious .
not only carson but too many in the public eye have been recipients of too much adulation by the pr types in adventism .
you use the word impotent a lot .
something tells me you need viagra .
ca n't get it up unless it 's indian porn you 're watching , perhaps while smelling curry dish ?
you sick fuck .
she paid only after she was busted .
let 's be honest , part of this is because she worked at fnc and some people have an irrational hatred for fnc .
jake tapper once commented that even after working at fox some people want to see anything he does in a right wing political light .
same .
catch these illegal fucks and send them back .
end off this japanese set with lesbian scissoring nsfw
" ugly bitch i was trying to do you a favour by fucking your ugly ass "
there 's no disinformation :   71 % of canadians disagree with trudeau 's decision on kadhr 's compensation .
why are we here , just to suffer ..... 
 incels ca n't reproduce because no one will have sex with us so we ca n't pass on our dna , employers will promote chads over incels because " he looks like a leader " so we ca n't really accomplish anything , so why are we here , is it all some cruel twisted joke .
a liberal asked if conservatives would do the jobs illegal immigrants do why must democrats think we need a permanent underclass of non citizens wait were not they the ones who implemented slavery were not they against civil rights it all becoming clearer now
< user > not anymore gay game anyways
< user > begone ching chong
looks like the only safe option for illegals is ... do not step one foot out of those sanctuary cities .
at some point , ( when things get bad enough ) the people living in these sanctuary cities will either turn the illegals over to ice , or they will take matters into their own hands , and eliminate them altogether .
do s and don ts when stopped by police and carrying a firearm ( video ) by steve straub january 25 , 2014 do 's and do n'ts when stopped by police and carrying a firearm ( video ) - the federalist papers
< money > says the kid was a beaner and another < money > says the driver was a beaner too
< user > < user > but i m a good goy i dindu nuffin
fuck this racist puta !
bed mattress harris all of sudden " cares " about fucking " illegals " bitch go back to laying on your back and on your knees you fucking anchor baby shit stain .
you and oshitstain need to be locked up in the same shipping container you floated on and shipped back to fucking india or jamaica or wherever you were bought .
we all want the females that are smart and look like top model but imporant is to ask ourselves : do we deserve ?
not so ... he was also funded by the republicans .
this is exactly why we need to make america white again .
brown people are uncivilized savages that contaminate the earth .
trump 2020 🇺 🇸
copy paste god made each and everyone of us until he got to china .
copy paste .
< repeat > opy paste .
< repeat >
i like my grilled cheese how i like my vietnamese villagers yellow and melting
< user > spray water on me if gay
i do n't think black people should be slaves .
lock this post if you disagree .
this is excellent problem solving and a win win for portland families .
coming from charlie hales and vickie smith , totally unexpected .
i have never really cared for < user > ‍ but i < number > disavow the doxxing of him you can laugh at him call him a retard for being wrong about everything make fun of his stuttering etc but the second you dox someone you cross a serious line
girls that have a pussy and are alive .
what ’s yellow and feeds of dead beetles ?
yoko ono
just then , a giant racist cowboy with a mouth full of tobacco burst in the door , knocking xir over , proclaiming , " i hates wimmins , minorities , muslims , and especially , educated smart immigrants , and so does my favorite president !
yee haw ! ! ! "
i stood up , put my hands on my hips , and loudly and bravely said , " hate has no home here .
in this house , we believe in science , that no human being is illegal , and that black lives matter . "
the rest of my transgender family loudly applauded until the cowboy racistly fled from the house .
the name of that transgender family ?
albert " anne frank " einstein .
killary is such a bitch she should be behind bars
mr. wohlforth 's commentary appears to suggest that alaska natives are nothing but poor innocent victims of a racist justice system .
his tone is extremely patronizing and i wonder if he is playing the " white man 's burden " role here .
this is the old kipling concept that white man like him , must take care of the poor natives who can not take care of themselves .
bit old fashioned however gallant , mr. wohlforth .
nearly all native inmates i encountered at acc west , knew wholly that they did wrong .
funny thing about native people are that they are extremely honest folks , even when they did wrong .
more then any other ethnic groups i have run into , including my fellow asian americans , native people stand out in their honesty in acknowledging that they did wrong .
few who claims innocence , are those coming in from probation violations and some of them got just cause to be unhappy , being violated for petty violations .
maybe that is where mr. wohlforth should take a look at .
any incels out there fucked over by their mother 's genes
the most likely reason for a triple increase in suicide attempts in ontario provincial prisons is that the definition of what is a suicide attempt has been expanded .
the globe should not report such sensationalistic findings without having experts examine the research .
aoc if you do nt like america go back to your country ! ! ! ! !
no one asked you to come here ! ! ! ! !
and we as americans dont want your help or political views !
that is a private matter .
the story has ended , because he said he was sorry .
at least this is what happens with any democrat .
they say their sorry , the media leaves , and the story ends , until a decision is made by the authorities , and then the story ends up behind the sports section .
kill yourself sjw trash
look at wen the freak . .
you can tell its a man lol . . .
hopefully they will abort all the anchor babies illegally born here by the foreign female aliens ! !
anyone know any movies or books with incel characters ?
.
@nicemangos is a voice of reason and @rubinreport is a conspiracy theorists , far right lunatics enabler .
it 's not even a hard choice
now off to wwe smackdown live episode july 25 , 2017
ching chong vibration
i just grow tired of seeing queer folx get canned on daily especially since most of its not funny and we are losing queer black youth at a rapid rate
@ajeeth @zarbekaleemi @majorgauravarya @peaceforchange go do thalaikoothal on ur mom , then go pray to a cow , after that take a shower u gucking smelly sewer rat
spic nigger chink are just three examples
america was   " never white " you ignorant asshole !
america was " invaded and fucking stolen " from the rightful indigenous people of this country !
native americans !
when the white invaders landed , brown people were already here ! !
don't vote for the dumb fuck rick tyler !
url url
oh good gawd .
do n't tell me you 're a bible thumper too .
i ca n't take it .
reaching for my oxygen tank .
i think there are some great country and western songs about or related to driving trucks .
homophobia is shaking
this store is so redneck ...
kit kat : $ 0.75 skittles : $ 0.75 potato chips : $ 0.50 hot pocket : $ 1.00 vietnamese prostitute : two dollah
this is infuriating !
i want obamacare gone !
yesterday !
no one except the poor and the very rich can afford the aca .
there 's no excuse for not repealing this garbage .
i do n't care about other people 's problems , i have enough problems of my own , & i want this garbage law gone & my deductible to go back to being affordable like it used to be so that i can actually use my health insurance without going broke .
what 's the difference between asians and americans ?
asians do math , and americans do meth .
why is affirmative action fair ?
as an asian , why do i have to work twice as hard to get to the same place as a black or latino person ?
or for colleges , if the people who applied , the most qualified candidates are asian or white the school must reject applicants who meet standards for someone less qualified just because they are black ?
documented tactics - our motives are clear 
 anonymously bogus sent to you from us here 
 a lethal proposition that you 'll read as you weep 
 while the bombings so relentless to deprive you of sleep
judge who blocked part of trumps ban on immigrants is a obama appointed judge and clinton donor what a f 4 ing shock
" the fees negotiated by the city council required that the developer of each golf course pay the city $ 25 million and allow public play at reduced rates comparable to municipal greens fees . "
this is a bit steep given the lowered use of golf courses today .
many association - run golf courses have been shut down due to maintenance costs and lowered green fees ( fewer players ) .
i 'm not sure dedicated golf courses are what 's best for hawaii given our housing shortage !
too bad for the owners who never got their golf course , and had their properties devalued because of it !
that poor baby had to be terrified and traumatized .
i am so glad the child and his mother were not killed .
i hope they get some help from a mental health professional so they can get help processing this tragic event .
i also believe this man might have wanted to end his own life knowing that he would be shot when he came out with weapons and his child .
i just wish he would have left the child inside so he did n't have to witness this .
rich mole 
 indeed , harper was awful to the real military .
but you would never know that from the pandering prose he put into the citizenship guide .
or what his base thinks harper did to the military .
excited to go full on forrest gump @pongsocialclub with some great people .
i apologize in advance for how aggressive i might get .
@bevthrills this woman is a absolute fucking joke , really someone take her behind zumas kraal and shoot her in the fucking head already .
this is a country where huge percent of the populous lived in abject poverty for hundreds of years and ate whatever they could get their hands on - weeds , grubs , bugs , etc and indiscriminately killed and ate bear balls , tiger balls , snake balls , animal guts , animal horns , etc for perceived medicinal and aphrodisiac value .
just because a lot of them can now afford to eat " gourmet " food does n't make them any less crude , unethical , immoral and just downright disgusting in their personal hygiene and behavior .
the horror stories about the " ugly chinese " tourists are absolutely true and if you 've been to china and done business there , you soon figure out what a bunch of lowlifes most of them are .
the view from the other side , as a white male : 

 my mother 's father was ukrainian , her last name is constantly mispronounced , everyone gets it wrong .
for me , people think i am chinese because of my first name , and often use my family name as my given name , chinese people in particular seem to think i am chinese .
my name is actually an old english name that happens to also be a common family name in chinese .
it 's annoying , often i just do n't correct people , but i do n't worry that everyone is a racist out to get me .
jerks come in all shapes , sizes and colours , and from all kinds of different backgrounds , religions and cultures .
it 's not because you 're black , its because they 're a jerk .
advice .
never ever ! !
leave your dog in your chinese friend 's house .
these 4 worthless terrorist cunts need to be gagged , tied up and thrown in a shipping container and sent to n korea as a gift to kim jung un never to be seen again
she 's an idiot and i hope her idiocy does n't get her killed .
< user > he wanted to call people retarded but ended up being the one with mental problems
< user > swine there are two muslim countries given by india pakistan and bangladeshi how can a muslim will be persecuted in islamic country but hindu sikh jain christian are presecuted in both bangladesh and pakistan
you told me about fred when i asked about donald ?
the violence being carried out by the alt left liberal socialists needs to be met with the same level of disrespect
as is your responses on this board .
rich mole 
 indeed , harper was awful to the real military .
but you would never know that from the pandering prose he put into the citizenship guide .
or what his base thinks harper did to the military .
< user > < user > cuz ppl r not taught the full history usage it lessens understanding of why it so offensive a history literature teacher sayin nigger coon spick wetback towelhead chink when examining racial disparity events is different then self proclaimed racist saying same words
< user > how do you distance yourself from nazism but at the same time you speak at their march
a somalian who one day washes up on europes shores will never be a european same thing with pakis in britain arabs in france or turks in germany
i would roast you , but mine are reserved for whites only .
what type of key do you need to set off a bomb ?
a paki .
the sri lanka easter bombers ( 300 + dead ) loved islam .
do you love islam ?
then you 're responsible , too .
see how wrong that sounds ?
it 's because it is wrong .
i went to a korean restaurant with my dog earlier .
< repeat > then a waiter came over to me and said , " hi , can i take your border ? "
@madbabbles @aavinashchaliha @indianprism @ashoswai @kilafateh @ichbinujjaini @taslimanasreen @amitshah that 's why you should criticize someone if you do n't know anything about them .
she is an atheist .
they literally killed kaffirs back home and they will do the same here too it 's only a matter of giving them residence here and time .
if trump fires mueller , the special counsel , we will all be in disarray regardless of party-- there will be no " can we all move on now"-- just republicans and democrats working to impeach trump .
his cabinet must be advising him not fire mueller .
the exception in trump 's cabinet who might advise firing mueller is steve bannon-- who calls himself a leninist who wants to see trump bring chaos to america to make it over-- i think every other cabinet member would be for keeping mueller .
warning !
< allcaps > < repeat > on this site a lot of people who want to find a sexy adventure [ removed ]
hooker with a peen and intension / right in two
this post is mega gay cause it 's a repost
this is no big deal .
i doubt the people who live or work near entek buy very many of their batteries .
i wake up everyday feeling blessed that i am a citizen of the united states in india there are more cellphones than there are working toilets god bless the great men and women who made our country what it is and who fight to preserve our exceptionalism on the world stage
to the chinese trudeau is a useful idiot .
fucking pussies .
i wish i could deport them into the afterlife .
the continued raping and pillaging of nature by the greedy and insatiable asian   markets and american suppliers .
to h*ll with managing wild stocks of lobsters , take take take !
it 's all about   ^&%#% * money !
* thank you * .
​ if you want to support trans lesbians , support * lesbians * .
boom , guess what , you 've already supported us by supporting the larger group .
there 's no reason to ' other ' us by making us a separate category .
they all are and that 's why they claim to need " protection " from judgement and punishment for their perversion .
imagine certain people being so hated and repulsive that they have to make laws to prevent people from hating them .
if dlaimini - zuma is elected then the anc is electing zuma and the guptas to a third term , then a fourth , and when the thief finally kicks it , welcome president duduzane zuma .
seokjin just called me and said lesbian rights
my sister thinks she 's being petty towards my dad by not going to my graduation ? ?
she got me all types of fucked up
my mom handed me a book of coupons for buying bras .
i love my family , but i am leaving tomorrow :p
< user > ‍ my sexy bitch
homeless where do western hobo 's go for food ?
food shelter 

 where do asian hobo 's go for food ?
dog shelters
found a transponder snail !
candid pics from the alubarna palace baths !
https://t.co/aet8f2di8u # trecru https://t.co/newgt78fso
why do you listen to ' chinese music ? '
you do n't even understand and they all look the same anyways .
but speaking of sexual harassment and abuse what about at the presidential level responding to a tweet summarizing oprah speech famous bill clinton sexual abuse victim juanita broaddrick said the following
i guess the police have a history with this person repeatedly losing their dogs or something ?
something bad has them very unhappy .
jojeja2 > standing up against illegals like you is not racist you jack - a$$. get a life you illegal , it 's you whom spews racism against blacks , asians , whites and others !
here 's a video of you and your la raza family promoting to kill whitey ... https://youtu.be/adfshdbgs_q?t=121
there s a gay form grindr in btusn club that i lnow
friend : : it 's probably much harder to be gay than black in america .
gay people do n't have any civil rights .
me : : interesting point of view .
though i usually experience microaggressive behavior targeting my race .
friend : : sorry you 're black .
friend is white and straight .
i 'm black and gay .
made me confused .
when ur about to take a bomb ass selfie and ur phone dies :'(
okay , bitch , i 'll use your correct pronouns or whatever , just quit bothering me , skank !
are you the one with the tipis or the one with the slurpees ?
what ’s japan ’s national sport ?
hangman
send everyone back that does n't love this country ! ! !
the insecurity of canadians is legendary .
apologists abounded when it was announced that the second quarter 's annual growth was 4.5 per cent . "
this ca n't be " or " you ca n't believe statistics that trudeau probably manipulated " .
handling good news well does n't seem to be the canadian way .
dis lil white bitch got da poker 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♂ ️
the sub got so big i do n't even recognize 90 % of the people here 
  i feel left out tbh :(
race mixing is and has been a huge problem for of kin for many many years , how on earth are you supposed to protect women who think its ok in the first place ?
i will identify the culprit based on your last post the white nationalists are to blame for the white genocide in south africa get all over that shit
too white what utter utter fucking bullshit maybe it is because the blacks are too dumb to ride and asians feel they can not kill with a cycle the only time you see a black on a bike is when he has just stolen it
i ’ m try this relationship one more time before i marry a immigrant for < number > bands
hey lex smith very simple and i know you watching .. just put a press release and sworn statement that i kirk caldwell will never exercise my stock options ! ! !
then it 's all done no conflict but if he gets paid off at a later date it 's still a pay off ! !
lex when will you be releasing that statement .
kirk will never exercise his stock options .
a year plus away from it and i 'm still finding out the ways that full - time freelancing fucked with my conception of work and relaxation
i 'm finna slide into the dms * depressive mood disorders
i 'm all for equality .
so fuck black people .
and fuck hispanic people .
and fuck muslims too .
and asians .
and indians .
and jews for that matter , fuck them .
and fuck this fat fuck in particular .
4:20   politically correct is a phrase used to trivialize criticism of an action .
i often refer to the condemnation dave frohnmayer received for using the term " oriental " instead of " asian " in a presentation at the u of o as an example of " political correctness " run amok .
my concerns and criticisms of mr. trump are of a far more serious nature .
i see him as the most unfit candidate for president in the history of our country ..... intellectually unfit , morally unfit and emotionally unfit .
those are hardly concerns over not being " politically correct . "
i have suggested mr. trump , based on his well documented actions and comments , would likely be clinically diagnosed as a sociopath .... a condition far more serious that being " politically incorrect . "
if the worst thing about mr. trump as a candidate for president were his being " politically incorrect " , i would be tremendously relieved .
imo he 's a deeply , deeply flawed man who would be a disaster as president of the united states .
omg i just order a chocolate fountain , ca n't wait to fucking use it
a server at a restaraunt got fired for leaving a load in the dishwasher .
the dishwasher was fired too .
👉 😎 👉
and ms schley is off base in stating that russia is a " proven enemy " , this after a long investigation the only proof of collusion found by mueller was the clinton machine paying the russians for dirt on trump .
there is zero evidence of russia doing anything aside from a lousy $ 150 k in facebook advertising .
at worst , trump will be exposed for using russian mob money to finance one of his fabulous hotels .
this new mccarthyist bent liberals are foaming about their figurative mouths over is a waste of time , energy , and effort .
furthermore the dnc leadership purging progressives who supported ellison and sanders in the name of diversity is true treachery .
two days ago i tapped out a half asian , half white mongrel who was bigger than me .
dear @shireenmazari1 is your baby w - h - o - r - e sleeping with uncircumcised indians these days ?
url
you are right , these chinese are the scourge of the earth .
they immigrate to democratic western countries and bring their backwards commie ideas with them .
we are talking tax cuts not increases .
we need to grow the economy to generate more jobs-- growth not stay the same .
reducing the corporate tax rate to 15 - 20 % is the rate which corporations are paying right now .
so cutting the rate to what they are paying will do nothing to put more money in their hands .
second , when asked in polls from business publications and investment companies what they will do with money from tax cuts , corporate heads say they will continue what they are doing : buy back shares or distribute shares to shareholders-- an easy way to raise the value of their shares without making job producing investments .
reduce middle class rates-- so a guy with $ 2,000 disposable income gets $ 400 break gets you 20 % growth multiplied by millions in the middle class .
give a guy who is spending $ 1 million a year a $ 10,000 tax break gets you 1 % growth among the handful of rich guys .
consumption goes right into gdp growth and it gets multiplied quickly .
i 'd suck and deepthroat your cock until shot your load down my throat
if homosexuality was a choice , we would 've all chosen to be straight a long time ago .
y'all speak from a place of privilege because you do n't know what oppression feels like .
heck , people like me get killed by their governments for being gay .
79 racists gave this a thumbs down .
even thought the wage gap has been debunked dozens of times , why is it that it still gets around in the minds of the majority of the population ?
rtaiwan : screw those chinky rat tourists !
also rtaiwan : brb praying to my chinese deities in a chinese language while i burn paper money a chinese custom .
5mins later rtaiwan : screw those chinarmen i wanna punch them they so loud !
i d rather starve we do n't needs their rambos !
sea sex tourists better !
repeats over and over
honey maker , fat fuck , and yellow cunt .
look , federal government , we get it that the europeans were inclined to being jerks to the first peoples .
we know that .
but you know something ?
you 've basically come close to saying that the euro - canadians that the majority of us are should be unwelcome in canada .
we are a multicultural country , and that means white people are just as welcome as black , brown , indigenous or asian individuals .
okay ?
it 's in the past , of course it 's painful , but it 's in the past .
we live in a world with a history dotted by war and invasion .
of course it was crappy what happened , but we need to stop trying to change history .
let 's just not repeat it .
daily reminder that your life has the only function to make others look and feel better 
 this is why you are still alive .
hey pal the usa is one country we need to trade more with not less ,
i think i just got stung in the ass by a bee .
i feel bad for the person who has to help me find out .
@madhukishwar @davidfrawleyved indian hindus getting killed in india by anti national hindu terrorists and you are worrying about pakistan and about your religion .
shame on you traitors .
wlaurier , 

 the author is not talking about that aspect of policing .
she is talking about the internal workings of the police .
you are way off topic , regardless of the merit(s ) of your argument .
need to send every one of them back and ban any third worlders from even entering our country .
loosen up the concealed carry laws in the state for law abiding citizens .
hpd takes too long to respond .
.@johnmaine day 2 , a song you like with a number in the title : 1 cm ( taller than you ) - mamamoo https://t.co/uwuh54aypm
i hate when you get your car serviced and they poop in your backseat
i must now completely agree with a previous commentator .... you have no soul .
to follow your logic ( ? )
to the end would make our country the same as ancient rome while it burned .
nero fiddled as he watched it being consumed by the flames .
now that 's a great idea , is n't it ?
by your logic - not , none of us should have fire protection .
all property out west used to be federal lands .
nitwit .
sat in mums car passenger side waitin for her and some lady opens the door and tries to sit on me do n't know who was more embarrassed
> just look at what female birth control does to women does what ?
either way they 'd still be foids .
or let whoever is most qualified for the job ?
do n't be racist to white people
bobo does n't work , so his comments from his darkened room do n't have much meaning other than to himself .
asian american male : : oh , you 're japanese ?
me : : yes aam : : but you do n't look it , are you sure ?
me : : that 's because i 'm also black , and i 'm quite sure of it .
aam : : well , can you speak japanese ?
me : : i was born and raised in japan for 12 years , so yes .
you 're chinese american , but ca n't speak chinese right ?
aam : : yeah , well at least i look it .
when i was an undergrad , waiting for class to start .
made me frustrated that i 'm forced to prove myself and show my credentials as a transnational mixed individual .
i am fed up with the negative portrayal of " blackness . "
" preferably asian girlfriend " ?
your parents are racist .
< user > wow and if you took their masks off you would see how nerdy they all look there was a clip where they had their masks off i wish i could find it but they are nothing wussies hiding behind masks
if anyone thinks the h1/2 merge is bad now at rush hours , you have n't seen anything yet .
the only thing good about an mlb fight is watching old white dudes go apeshit .
< user > no one spouts hate against immigrants idiot
these people are fucking disgusting url
unless the tree of life is business underneath all of that , what 's the value when compared to millions of lives
the dirty wee paki that lives beside me came to my house there very upset said racists have been putting threatening letters through his door turns out it was a fiver off soap coupons
< user > new look ching chong
what happens when you boil a cabbage ?
i do n't know , a japanese guy stabbed him before i could find out .
5 obvious signs your article is clickbait 
 1 ) it promises outrage 

 2 ) it promises a list of things that are either fascinating , outrageous , hilarious , insane , or quirky 

 3 ) click here to read more ... 

 4 ) your page is a well - known adfarm 

 5 ) you include the words , " how to " , or " be afraid "
purple haired dyke fascism please stop this meme
< user > < user > also i find it very strange how men always seem to make it some completion of which gender is raped and murdered the most it should not be happening to anyone no matter the gender
cnn lies is hitler ‏ < user > 1 h1 hour ago i know that hard to fathom but as george zimmerman or the residents of ferguson if cnn is not willing to gin up violence < number >
" are you losing the verbal debate so badly that you feel the need to " take numbers " ?
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/us-politics/us-taking-names-of-countries-that-oppose-it-un-envoy-haley-warns/article33805306/
gents 🇿 🇦 let 's return the favor and date other african girls too abombali bye 👍 , see what awaits us we fixing the country 🇿 🇦 .
url
this is infuriating !
i want obamacare gone !
yesterday !
no one except the poor and the very rich can afford the aca .
there 's no excuse for not repealing this garbage .
i do n't care about other people 's problems , i have enough problems of my own , & i want this garbage law gone & my deductible to go back to being affordable like it used to be so that i can actually use my health insurance without going broke .
< user > daniel did you dress up as arabs and bomb king david hotel you can distract me with corbyn afterwards it understandable that you want corbyn < user > to support terrorist israel that has created < number > < number > palestinian refugees bombed syrians
bush senior started the new world order said it a big idea clinton had chinese spy john huang in cabinet sold us to china every product now stamped made in china bush2 staged < number > < number > gained absolute power obama created muslim world invasion trump to the rescue nice maga trump
a somalian who one day washes up on europes shores will never be a european same thing with pakis in britain arabs in france or turks in germany
mean joke .
< repeat > kinda the us president , the mexican president , and the japanese prime minister are on a plane .
it begins to lose altitude due to all its cargo .
the three men decide to throw things they do n't need .
the japanese prime minister throws off all of the sushi and says , " we have too much of these in our country " .
the mexican president throws all of the churros off the plane and says , " we have too many of these in our country " .
next , the us president picks up the mexican president and chucks him off the plane and says , " we have too many of these in our country " .
why are hard men so good to find ?
often , words become ' offensive ' only * after * some assholes * choose * to be offended by them .
just proof we need more darker skin girls !
they look so pretty in everything .
< user > < user > hear u really are retarded
what he did was not the crime of the century as we are all ( women and men ) potentially vulnerable to our feelings , especially when we are weakened by alcohol .
however , he has been untrue to his spouse ( their problem , and you simply do n't know that full background to , and state of , their relationship ) and the two couples have to end their contact .
the author of this article is a male .
he has also forgotten more than you know about the sexual abuse of children by catholic clerics .
you may want to save the time that you spend typing your comments and simply paste a link to the catholic league website .
been in a bad mood all day you all hoes just fake asf
where is the dignity as muslims people are being killed women being raped by the indian army why ca nt you guys say anything when the whole world is talking about this issue
i was charged twice ( again ! ! ! )
for the same movie rental- ( felon ) & amp ; i only downloaded it 1 time ! & #
128529;&#128545;&#128544;&#128127; ☹ ️&#128557;&#128078;&#127997;&#128078;&#127997;&#128078;&#127997;&#128078;&#127997;@itunes
your chinese is lucky names your dumb indians are jews stuck on old stones
donating blood tomorrow .
pretty sure that i bleed twitter json metadata at this point .
africans .... gross .
i hope china wipes all of these nasty kni ggers out .
what 's united airlines favourite meal ?
chinese takeout
bull excrement .
the chinese have done nothing to date ..... oh , and it 's been over 65 years .
imagine being a head of state from another country , showing up here and promptly being taken to fucking florida of all places
anything that the mayor can do to increase our property taxes for the benefit of his homeless campaign will not go unobserved .
look out anchorage property taxpayers the mayor is on a rampage to increase our property taxes for something that is not worthy .
this is not a good and reasonable use of our tax dollars .
there is no return on investment .
you 're not alone .
my brother and i are the only ones that attend mass regularly .
my mom goes sporadically and my father goes to a lutheran church .
they told me the other day that they thought i was going to church " a lot " .
whatever that means .
i love them both but no one is taking my faith away from me .
lesbian here .
straight people , please come !
we need more allies !
understanding the lgbt+ community would be both an educational opportunity for you , a sweet moment for the people you 're supporting ( friends or family ) , and another person supporting our cause outside of the lgbt+ community .
on hiatus .
this youtube video playlist and my last retweet of @anti_fembot which should be below are for those interested in gender and sex issues , men 's rights movement , feminism , anti - feminism , etc . ,
etc .
url
in @thegarden 's @circus1903,the quick - witted @williamsonmagic is the quintessential ringmaster .
his interaction with kids is an absolute gem .
commend her for attending ?
big deal !
it 's not like a great sacrifice considering she has n't been busy at all with any cause or anything of note , quite the contrary .
no , she is n't ' he ' but with a little self respect she would n't be with whom she is either !
what do you call when n.korea hits s.korea with a nuke ?
a korean bbq .
< allcaps >
are you from india ?
@brianedwards totally , if someone basically built a version of this that was tweetdeck circa 2012 i think people would flock .
lmao once again no actual logic , facts , or points to be made for you .
the fact that you base a person 's worth on their financial status , or their job , says a lot about you .
why do nt you just say you hate all colored people and everyone that s not privileged , you redneck fuck ?
" voting in " someone who wants to reduce my children 's and grandchildren 's human rights to less than those accorded domesticated animals is not something correctable by more voting .
i swear   wizkid do n't get enough love from nigerians   nigerians prefer and love davido more than any other artist i do n't even know where the hate issue is coming from other countries appreciate and love wizkid more than nigerians url
https://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/indonesian-court-sentences-gay-couple-to-public-caning/article35037379/ 
 blm should be grateful that their biggest " threat " at a gay pride parade is a man in uniform .
if john lennon were blown up by muslim terrorist imagine all the pieces
when moslem women can walk in front
she ra gay only event no hets allowed 🚫
now off to wwe smackdown live episode july 25 , 2017
back under your rock then , asap !
interesting .
you seem to be suggesting a quota based on racial percentages .
perhaps the african - american commentators were the best - qualified .
and here i thought conservatives were all about merit - based promotion , ha , ha , ha .
comfort women .
the rape of vietnam .
korean army crime .
url
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide .
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
i would go so far as to sat trudeau 's actions are treasonous and while that maybe up for debate the fact that he is motivated to appease china is not .
there are only 3 reasons he would do this ; 
 1 .
he owes or wants   something or has made promises to the chinese 
 2 .
they have some dirt on the liberals 
 3 .
he and his government are extremely naive , arrogant and lack intelligence .
fuck i just remembered i have a morning class tomorrow and a mock exam i am going to drop out of college is2fg
great video : : the kkk 2 party system narrative with gs taj tarik bey ( every so - call black people need to watch this video ! ! ! ! ! )
take the driver and bake it until it is laminated find someone named hathaway on william street repeat until white repeat until resonnt
ford : built with tools , not with chopsticks
the town where i live is still < number > white thank god more spics and niggers by the year though no darkies working at wendies though
if our ridiculous society would not make black people compete with whites asians and hispanics men like him would be the leaders of the black community
< user > typical ghetto garbage
all illegal aliens crossing into to canada will be held pending a hearing of their refugee claims in an igloo village being built in moosenee ontario on the james bay coast oil lamps for heat light will be supplied free of charge
i 've been knocking on doors for them since i was a kid ( i 'm 63 ) .
this infuriates guys like me .
do n't get tricked by the chinese government .
us not demanding concessions from israel for j lm recognition ambassador nikki haley says trump admin not seeking concessions from israel after recognition of jerusalem this was our decision israel has conceded enough about time the arabs actually showed some good faith unfucking likely
can you say , " military coup " ?
@dineshdsouza ya want to buy some nude pictures ?
how bout some lesbian action ?
good shit dinesh .... certainly makes an american proud .
you delusional piece of human waste .
all the nations trump has insulted and vilified should boycott america .
then trump would have to buy his steel and other products in america , bank in america and hire and actually pay - gasp!-american employees .
where is the dignity as muslims people are being killed women being raped by the indian army why ca nt you guys say anything when the whole world is talking about this issue
yes , indeed you are , and it does n't surprise me in the least that you deny it .
your understanding of fascism 's position on the political spectrum is 100 % wrong , because you 've been swallowing and spreading the lies of rw nutjob propagandists .
" far - right politics is used to describe ideologies such as nazism neo - nazism , fascism , neo - fascism and other ideologies or organizations that feature extreme nationalist , chauvinist , xenophobic , racist , or reactionary views , which can lead to oppression and violence against groups of people based on their supposed inferiority , or their perceived threat to the nation , state or ultraconservative traditional social institutions . "
according to the poll there 's still a resistant bunch that 's still got the confusion of the devil in ' em , but we 'll keep working until they turn around .
told niggas i could not do nun for em and stopped hearing from em
headline says sex robots will replace men only for democrat women decent women still prefer their husbands can democrats get dumber is it possible
sure .
her accomplishes as becoming the best in her sport is legendary and well deserving .
that s just how i see it .
her being black has nothing to do with it .
when we talk about michael jordan in the nba we do nt see him as a black man(at least i would hope not ) we just see him as a the greatest player of all time .
i fucking hate chicken nuggets , especially the ones from mcdonalds they 're nasty af
that feeling you get when you realized that bts will each have their girlfriend in the future fml fml fml fml
i think my dad is dyslexic .
whenever he wants to say " son i love you " .
he blurts out " you are a fucking disappointment . "
michael pineda you fucking bum ... it 's the 2nd inning and the bullpen is already active # unbelievable # yankees
y’know , humans are a lot like pokemon .
only the rarer ones that are different colours are captured and put to work .
chinaman , go home !
india is a shithole country and a society who vote for terrorists is a terrorists society .
i am tired of uploading videos of mob lynching .
you all are complicit ! !
fcuk you all .
what was meant as a workable salvation for all a banner for bold brave men ye make a ghetto for the insipid pleasures of impractical self flagellating piety addicts the pharisees persecuted the church and it grew ye join the church and the world shrugs and ambles away bored churchians
i hate going outside 
 everywhere i go i get looks mogged , it is fucking sickening , i am superior to all of them , yet they were given a better face by nature , there is no greater injustice .
how will it all end is what i 'm wondering .
impeachment , quit , or just run the term out golfing ?
watching the political implosion south of the border is the train wreck you just ca nt take your eyes off of .
and mass deportations are the way to solve america being overpopulated !
africans .... gross .
i hope china wipes all of these nasty kni ggers out .
nigga trying to explore into some penis url
abbi chase really thinks she that bitch me because i am that bitch 😛
" brainwashed " by dictator trump ? ? ?
the more you listen same words over&over leroy baca did it 2 black&brown in l.a county jail even some fbi agents happened 2 me in 96to97 i m just getting over it still in therapy & medications white men are the end of the world we should have let them die when they got kicked -out people never change u die fuck trump
m talking about indian hindu not sikh i know sikh is strong persons
kids get their heads stuck between playground bars .
asians get their heads stuck in their zippers .
this is ridiculous the only one that said something racist in all this was one of those lovely women in the squad ( really are they in a comic book ) .
shall i repeat it those that are brown need to show a brown face those that are need to show a black face those that are muslim should show a muslim gace .... how about those that are american should show they are american and for america and its laws values beliefs and traditions ....... if you do nt are you really an american ..
dis shiet be racist af !
this whole harper lee thing kind of grosses me out .
so , her sister died , and it sounds like everybody is taking advantage of her .
you openly censor users downvoting freedom push mute selfcensorship a subset of censorship as freedom and are a profitmonger make gab non profit open source transparent bring the community into the dev circle remove mute google analytics and downvote censorship currynigger racetraitor
mentally ill people
you think majority of the < number > of asians are illegal i want to see the data behind this
" white lapdogs ? "
gosh gerald , you as an asian american sure have a tidy way of showing your own prejudice towards caucasians .
for someone who claims often of being a victim of disrespect , you sure are good at delivering it .
< user > say goodbye sou nazista
traditional marketing methods have been used to enhance digital presence and vice versa .
what say ? #
marketing # digitalmarketing
< user > he got banned retard
i need not   bother , little nazi pants , because i ca n't help you figure out where you hide your intelligence or brilliance .
i know it 's got ta be in there somewhere .... in that little woman / man cave .
opnet   and dea are both very corrupt " organizations " that must go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
its damn time for the govt to get the hell out of our lives and stop trying to control every thing we do !
and they must stop allowing companies to track us and invade our privacy like the us corrupt house did today when they pass sj res 34 

 https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-joint-resolution/34 


 all repubs and dems must be voted out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
who hurt you ?
lol .
it 's comical how stupid and angry you people are .
meh amurica .
my land .
mine .
bang bang guns .
no brown people .
wahh .
here 's the deal :   secularism means the state tolerates all religions and favours none .
these particular yahoos wrongly think secularism means the state favours atheism and must therefore ban all religions .
there is yet another segment that is simply bigoted and intolerant towards all religions except roman catholicism .
honestly the only woman i would not ever date is a solid black woman hispanics are aye okay asians are qu3 < number > i do not have yellow fever anymore but white girls can be crazy ass folk indian and arab women maybe but they got ta be shaved no negotiating that shit
got a better one : 

 " o mankind !
surely we created you from a male and a female , and made you nations and tribes that ye may know each other ( not for ye to hate each other ) ; behold !
verily the most noble of you in the sight of allah are the most righteous ; verily allah is all - knowing , intimately aware ( of all things ) . "
qur'an 49:13 ( suratul - hujurat )
huge wave of sexual harassment claims about to hit congress — hard jacob novak
yet another anti - christian screed .
and to what end ?
want to have some real fun ?
take a look at the damage the transgender foolishness is doing to women 's sports .
the feminsts are beside themselves , but now find themselves a rung or two down the newly defined pecking order .
men and boys pretending to be women competing and winning in women 's sports events .
could n't happen to a nicer group of people .
cheers -
for being a bunch of racists trump supporters sure do cheer loudly for the record low black and hispanic unemployment numbers at rallies .
maga is colorblind and the left lies .
ms. pattis , thank you for saying what should be obvious to all .
russia 's decades - long promise to divide and conquer the us should not be forgotten .
putin is determined to make russia world - dominant .
crazy rich asians is the shit
those asian genetics
gab day i think it a great day to get the word out to all of our friends family coworkers and fellow countryman about where to find a real uncensored free speech community to replace that globalist internet spying ghetto called twitter let make today gabday
i guess you did n't go to college either .
i am still waiting for the " meh " key .
yeah , heres a clue for the nigger author of this article .
chinks hate niggers , kikes hate niggers , spicks hate niggers and towelheads hate niggers .
even niggers hate niggers .
black africans hate the gauche lazy american blacks because they have no morals or work ethic .
niggrus americanus is the lowest form of human ( if you can even call them that ) on the planet , we should erase them
you fucking garbage slut .
send me a pm if you want to be treated like the fucktoy cumdumpster you are .
so now all the refugees in europe can now go home oh wait you mean they are not going hm
yta 🙄 humanities ? !
you act like you were on a team to eradicate cancer .
grow the fuck up .
you had no business running your mouth about her mental illness .
she was your friend & confided in you .
and you snitched .
for what ?
a research project ?
ooohhhh so important .
i really wish you wld have left out the whole religious aspect of it .
cause now you make everyone that has a decent relationship with god seem like a turd .
oh & karma is probably going to pay you a visit .
or i can put it in terms you will understand .
what you sow you shall reap .
< user > < user > but i m a good goy i dindu nuffin
not sure of my view on the trade deal but i find that the regions in belgium actually have a say .
imagine that being the case here before the paris accord was signed .
yes that has so much to do with the relevance of what she is saying .
do n't forget that the president of the united states was sued for running a fake university , see how that works ?
< user > what did china do in wwii except be raped by japan
< user > well not really islam does not care for ridicule nor reason you beat islam like you would a pack of wolves just do not be a bitch and act tougher than they are problem solved oh and do not invade their hunting grounds if you can help it
good thoughts from both of you , even though i know the good dr. conklin is just adding a little hawaii humor in there .
but , yes there is a but , most of these kids have been here quite a while now and are obviously every bit american as most young people their age that were actually born here .
they speak english well .
have been as good a citizen as anyone their age .
so , let 's not lump them in with the guy that just sneaked across the boarder last night .
if ever there was a case of apples and oranges this is .
i added a video to a @youtube playlist https://t.co/9t9dfpjqxu peter bekheet _ i just call _ piano album ( old is gold )
what a horrible false dilemma argument .
so because they are n't literally in our home , we have to let them go all over taking jobs and services that they are n't entitled to which negatively impact americans every day ?
if you care to be honest and look at crime rates on a per capita basis , you 'll see that whites and asians commit the fewest .
you do understand percentages , right ?
that 's basic pre - algebra math ...
so you are just going to shift to a different topic say amnat is raced based civnat is not then i will talk to you about bus throwing and gook posting
how can anyone in their right mind just go into random places & murder innocent ppl ... i 'm rlly disturbed & it makes me scared for everyone i love bc u can literally get murdered anywhere for no reason smh white supremacists have so much hate in their heart it 's literally so sad .
following this controversy makes me think about the numerous chefs , usually white males , serving mostly affluent white people cuisines they " discovered " from faraway places . (
some of portland 's best mexican " authentic " oaxacan street food , tacos , vietnamese street food , etc ... comes to mind ) some of portland 's so - called best chefs are , in my opinion , practicing the definition of cultural appropriation .
i am looking forward to the day , which i expect will be real soon , where i can use up some ammunition & make it count big time .. bring it on globalist mixed race pushing mother fckers !
try looking at christian colleges , i went to one , these tend to have few if any asians .
< user > i ’ d make the swoosh white too banging regardless tho
what is a birth defect in an asian person ?
they are born with their eyes open .
@doseofliving does not shock me .
all these moralist wankers have skeletons in their closets .
that rubbish show just … https://t.co/eau4xw40j9
i just threw up a little in my mouth .
attention women of all genders
< user > its like impossible to say no again i got raped and robbed
welcome welcome welcome .... 
 to all the new alt right prospects .... you will be vetted .... but welcome !
lmao once again no actual logic , facts , or points to be made for you .
the fact that you base a person 's worth on their financial status , or their job , says a lot about you .
why do nt you just say you hate all colored people and everyone that s not privileged , you redneck fuck ?
again you are an idiot , the chinese are building coal faster than ever .
playing the west for fools , , our green ca nt exist without huge tax subs and force of law , scam deals like the gea in ontario , and idiots like you have fallen for it
i saw a quick overview of their " analysis " the other day that pointed out that they include over 2 trillion dollars of mystery gains , completely unsubstantiated by any analysis at all .
mulvaney should be canned for that alone .
dennis , if you care to , go to youtube to see the disgraceful way card .
kasper is treated by arroyo .
raymond is no where near as heartwarming as pee_wee who is artless and charming in my opinion , anyway   .
seeing how this churchman / theologian responds to ra is a breath of fresh air on a network 99 % engaged in highly questionable opinions and seemingly so feared by the usccb membership .
there seems to be a lot of buzz about democrats simmering now , around the same time mueller is alleged to be seating a grand jury 

 # lorettalynch / # elizabethcarlisle 
 # debbiewassermanschultz 
 # awaninvestigation 
 # benrhodes 

 anyone , other than me , thinking of connecting some of these dots ?
north korea is unsustainable as a country without china 's help .
little kim can bluster and pretend he 's in charge , but if the chinese stopped trading with him , the regime would collapse and china prefers to have a trained pitbull on its doorstep than a massive refugee crisis .
mad props to the black ladies of al for fighting the good fight .
notice how the article only compares blacks to whites and leaves out other major racial / ethnic groups like hispanics and asians ?
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/asian-america/racial-gender-wage-gap-persists-asian-american-men-top-average-n602076 
 " white men earn a median $ 21 an hour , making more money than women across all races , according to a pew research center analysis of bureau of labor statistics data .
they also earn more than black and hispanic men , who make a respective $ 15 and $ 14 median hourly wage .
the only group that out - earns white men is asian men , who earn $ 24 , according to the report . "
if there are factors such as " discrimination " as the article states , then why do asian men earn more than white men ?
could it be that asian men work harder , value education and family more than white and black men and that discrimination does n't have a gd thing to do with it ?
this article is a great example of how the leftist media tries to misinform the public in order to push its agenda .
inegi is the statistics dept , never accurate , always manipulated , and looks like it will continue that way .
sad !
what ’s the difference between a white man and a snake ?
one is an evil , cold - blooded , often venomous , slimy creature of satan 

 and the other one did the holocaust
< number > draft order < number > tigers < number > orioles < number > marlins < number > royals < number > blue jays < number > mariners < number > pirates < number > padres < number > rockies < number > angels < number > white sox < number > reds < number > giants < number > rangers < number > phillies < number > cubs < number > red sox < number > diamondbacks < number > mets < number > brewers < number > cardinals
you had a good argument until you added the jealousy and envy in the last sentence .
whereas said asians think whites are too fussy and sensitive and need to hurry up and buy something or get out
judge who blocked part of trumps ban on immigrants is a obama appointed judge and clinton donor what a f 4 ing shock
u refer bto the jews of course for they are asians
millions of brown retards coming in .
that should help .
love sucking the nutt outta young , college freaks with thick dicks .
my homie shot my beard hard af with that thick nutt .
chicago freaks 🔥 🔥 url
ipad air 2 or ipad mini 3 ?
< number > black people placed in world strongest man in < number > in fact the top < number > in every wsm event is strictly european white no hispanics or blacks or asians lol u mad
aside from a cheap laugh .... this adds to adult conversation how , exactly ?
i think that may depend on if you are simple or ghetto trash of which there are plenty white members in either category
maybe tucker carlson is not on fox tonite cuz president trump sent him to korea to beat the fucking shit out of that fat little gook rocket man 🤔
india not only proved they are overrated , chokers but also pussies in home away conditions 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
we need to spread more videos around haman : wntube - youtube the white nationalist way ...
you 're a fucking man child .
fuck .
you .
i hope you choke on your own shit , you fucking subhuman sociopath .
when i was younger i used to want to be a cop however , since then , society has changed and it 's no longer acceptable to shoot gays and minorities in public .
ca n't merit be the big requirement ?
why should any number of seats be set aside for ancestry ?
i 've never been sick , or in pain at a doctor 's office and wondered " gee , i sure hope my doctor is of an ethnically diverse background . "
i do n't care .
i do n't care what colour their skin is .
i do n't care if it 's a man or a woman .
be white , be black , be native , be asian , be a freaking martian .
can we please stop with the endless pandering to " racial diversity " , and just get good doctors ?
i do not want a student with awesome potential to not get in because their ancestry is n't right for the seats that are left .
it would n't fly if a native got told that they were a stellar fit for the program , and the administration really hopes that they apply again next year ... because the seats in the class that are left are reserved for white people .
folks would call that " racist " .
and they 'd be right .
you realize when israel left the area they told all jews to leave the agricultural infrastructure , right ?
know what the palestinians did ?
they burned it all down because it was made by jew hands .
now their land is useless .
very intelligent , civilized people in palestine !
yeah , because redpillers have experienced that women happen to use concepts like " true intimacy ( tm ) " or twu wuv or whatever as a tool to gaslight men into accepting why they 're basically dbr'd : " the fact that i only have sex once a month with you shows that i value you and our relationship so much more than my past fuckbuddies " , and bluepilled guys gobble it up .
they fuck homeless people like they fuck children .
" the fees negotiated by the city council required that the developer of each golf course pay the city $ 25 million and allow public play at reduced rates comparable to municipal greens fees . "
this is a bit steep given the lowered use of golf courses today .
many association - run golf courses have been shut down due to maintenance costs and lowered green fees ( fewer players ) .
i 'm not sure dedicated golf courses are what 's best for hawaii given our housing shortage !
too bad for the owners who never got their golf course , and had their properties devalued because of it !
< user > did immigrants steal their hair or something
< user > < user > nothing more than serial rapists both of them he raped women and american taxpayers and she raped america and the american taxpayer
how do you get nearly half of a large group of indian people to turn their heads all at once ?
just shout , " hey , patel ! "
he sounds like a great guy .
if i were you i would come out to him as he seems pretty aware already that you like masculine clothing and such , maybe he already has an idea ?
i know of some people who identify as straight but make exceptions in situations like these .
not to get your hopes up but it still could happen , you never know .
i hope everything works out well for you two .
no , it is not a canard .
it is a fact that a woman who would have an abortion that late in the pregnancy does so almost always for health reasons . (
i qualified this , because there are undoubtedly one or two isolated exceptions that a nit - picker like pandora would jump on . )
i am surprised presbyterian bill tammeus did this , too , as if catholics abiding by the courtesy , protocol , of addressing priests as " father , " were deprived in some way of some deeper gospel revelation , or of some better presbyterian way of doing things .
by its reflection in catholic shop windows , as they say , it is called " polite proselytism . "
is the cato institute credible ?
does n't appear to be , worst possible recommendations .
the poll also reveals that more than half of canadians ( 55 per cent ) support a canada - china fta – that ’s a nine - percentage - point increase from the asia pacific foundation ’s polling last year and a 19 - point increase from 2014 .
= = = = = = 
 canadian are such shameless bunch ... using a chinese saying , the ones shedding a tear when seeing his own coffin .
these are the kind of people chinese mostly despise .
first baseman morgan tolle rips a double to open up the bottom of the first ; she has now hit safely in 15 consecutive games
< user > < user > piss off nazi
you know when ur younger cousins go from being little kids to being 15 and so cool that you make them be your best friend ... ya
i 'm happy he 's felt confident enough not only to open up about being gay to thousands of people but to also do it in a way that must feel extremely personal to him .
those alleged behaviors included making vague threats to patients , reeking of alcohol while at work , walking into her east brunswick office blasting loud music and dancing , and insisting she do a spinal epidural on a patient being treated for knee pain , despite other doctors begging her not to .
another political posturing move in the white house .
we will not fill a clerical position in an office located some place in an office ; yet we can put a bigger number on trump 's paid administrative assistance staff in the white house , we can pay to have the secret service watch trump tower , and we will pay for donald to go to nyc to visit family .
female genital mutilation .
protection of child abusers by the catholic church .
the catholic church preaching against condoms in countries with high hiv rates .
any of the awful acts committed in syria and iraq in the last few years .
there are so many contenders , it is hard to pick one ...
looks like the only safe option for illegals is ... do not step one foot out of those sanctuary cities .
at some point , ( when things get bad enough ) the people living in these sanctuary cities will either turn the illegals over to ice , or they will take matters into their own hands , and eliminate them altogether .
i support aborting shitskin babies and not white babies
" the united states is a country built upon the backs of slaves . "
and canada is n't ?
just recall our national dream is littered with the bodies of dead chinese who built the cpr .
i 'm sure there are plenty of other examples througout the british empire :   child labour during the industrial revolution perhaps .
my point is many countries have this " in their blood " as you put it but it is not a rationale for connection to current events .
< user > < user > etnic supremacism the nazis did not think they we are wrong blood and nation
i finally understand what admins mean when they say we " incite violence " 
 we exist :)
the imn is a terrorist organisation and should be proscribed in nigeria .
simple .
they are always violent and do n't think they need obey law of the land like others .
their thinking is abhorrent and need to be checked .
we have this problem for too long .
un*merce < censored > is just another white bitch trying to look as black as possible
do n't , 

 for them to deny something that is likely very well documented would foolish .
all that would mean is that later , maybe in a day or two , their lies would be exposed and they would be subject to even greater media scrutiny .
got ta love how the rg ( and the oregonian ) love to fan the flames .
" resentment of pers already runs deep in oregon because of the system ’s effects on taxes and services .
it could begin to spread to public employees as an increasing proportion suffer the consequences of tight public finances ... " 

 which is exactly what this editorial is intended to do , build resentment .
if you are looking for the primary cause of the issue you need to look no further than the employers who , for years , failed to adequately fund the system .
now they are crying about lack of resources .
if the current public workers want to blame someone they should blame their employers , not the retired workers who fulfilled their part of the contract .
@owain garside who are these ' ladies ' you refer to ?
they are all from families who chose to leave some shithole and come to the us - now they hate the us and its people .
do n't confuse their families with the original immigrants who built america .
they are welcome to move back to ancestral lands .
stumptown is a shit show the writers are retarded the story is boring it is a total waste of its fantastic cast
i m offended at all the beaners chinks niggers and sandniggers that drive and use cars automobiles they belong to my culture the white man this racism has to stop find other means of transportation
what is the worst thing about being asian ?
keeping track of your pets
so here 's the nazi still ranting at " impassioned hold the pain harold " as of a half hour ago :   url " because i do n't care .
i would rather protect the nations that whites created from being flooded by 3rd worlders being corrupted by jews .
words mean nothing to me "
the top five recommended books are all written either by a woman or a visible minority author .
sorry , but in this age of loud identity politics , a la justin trudeau , that is an observation worth noting .
what one might ask with that observation is wide open .
does it mean white males are lesser players today in the arena of popular book writing ?
if so , does that mean there is an emergency situation that requires reflection on shortcomings in our education system and publishing industry ?
or does it simply mean that the columnist or editor wanted to display certain identity groups more prominently than the group that contains white males , and really there is no shortage of good books written by white males ?
hey , listen , i actually find over - use of identity politics to be a maladaptive bore , but in canada of 2017 it actually is the game being played , so let 's get all players on the ice to contribute to the new national sport - surely no sport should exclude players for race or gender .
society is like a box of chocolates the white ones are the best
never been to europe or the u.k. , but the asians are some crazy drinkers , and they 're very civil .
yeah , liver disease is in their top 5 for death , but they also live on average 3 years longer than us ( at least in taiwan ) .
their diet is a big difference , though .
i do n't want to see america treated like a garbage can .
luv from canada .
as i commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war .
taking chink posting seriously hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
the greedy chinese are depleting everything on earth and enjoying every minute of it .
before i joined the church i had absolutely no problem with them and wanted to them to have marriage equality and everything .
now , i 'm not really sure what my stance is to be honest .
i 'm still trying to align my personal beliefs with the church 's beliefs .
i mostly feel the same about lgbt as i did before i joined the church , but realise my church beliefs do n't match up with that .
i try to recognise that i do n't know or understand everything about the world or the church , and just trust in my testimony of the church .
since all the posts seem to be about the money , let me be the first to wish the newlyweds a big congradulations !
may the next 25 years be as good as the first .
long live the queen !
bubbles , 
 i see you 're using the same broad brush slopped in peanut butter as you 've   accused me of doing .
you win the daily prize for ' double standards ' and circular reasoning .
donald trump spent the entire campaign condemning the kkk , neo - nazi 's and davis duke .
when duke endorsed   trump for president , trump repudiated his support .
that is a big fat fact .
so now you are resorting to the same thing you claim i do .
your ' linking ' wacko 's who just happen to support trump with trump himself .
i never saw sanders or hillary condemn hate speech from the left .
if she did , i 'd like some proof .
yet there is   plenty of ' proof ' trump condemned    hate groups   claiming to support him    bernie apologizes after the fact , but at least he does it .. 

  hillary quietly smiles while trashing   half america .
and she woders why she lost ?
talk about peanut butter and brushes .. she painted 1/2 the country as irredeemable   ' deplorable 's '   during the campaign .
now that 's " hate "   coming.from her own lips .
i need more gay friends 🏳 ️ ‍ 🌈
question arises - why are n't other minority groups marching also - black , hispanics , muslims , gays , american indians , native hawaiian , asians , etc .
dumpy is going to make it miserable for all of these groups .
he only favors white europeans and rich people .
cute turd making machines .
springtime in anchorage is hazardous to our health with powered dog turds gone airborne .
coughing , hacking , rash , asthma , etc . ,
folks can point fingers in that direction .
how many dogs do we have in losanchorage ?
the beasts have become citizens with rights .
so , if that 's the case , taxing their ownership is n't far fetched ... whoof , whoof !
david lindley - pay the man 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgconirqqcc
there is already enough stigma around people with mental illness .
no need to make is worse by pinning atrocities on them .
fun but tiring .
we are getting too old for this @earlsargent .
two more days .
raw then smackdown .
two more days .
again tiger shows his stripes .
how blatantly can you be rasist ?
earn your shit bro - han .
be a man .
precedent ?
my mother 's maiden name is pheifer .
white as white can be .
she married an asian .
made me .
that can not be done under international law , people have the right to apply for refuge .
most will be rejected .
how do you stop them from crossing anyway , do you shhot them , do you have soldiers waiting to force women and children to struggle back through snowdrifts near emerson , mb at 20 or 30 below at 3 in the morning ?
the americans normally have to bus mexicans back across the border , they ca n't stop them from coming over .
there are gaps in their walls and fences to allow us farmers to get their stock to water - the illegals swim over and cross throgh the gaps , border patrol ca n't be everywhere at once .
demographics would like to differ and tv ratings .
majority of blacks , chinese , jews and flippinos prefer basketball .
these groups combined together represent a powerful force in demographics and   finance .
just go ahead and submit , sissy .
you 're going to love being addicted to white cock !
shan and obtaining those infants by cutting them out of pregnant mothers .
then laughing while tossing them back and forth .
they looked at non - japanese as sub - humans .
you know while it true that asians are different i am not sure soy has not done a number on them either china is pretty leftist and the men are weak in comparison japan used to have really rugged men samurai and all and now they look like girly pop stars
the issue is housing and the government 's unconstitutional regulation of it .
you are trying to deflect that issue to further your blatantly racist anti - asian buyer agenda .
you are pathetic .
you are n't just one person .
there are many of us , and we all have voices .
but more than that , we have resources , experience , and passion .
the mother 's a real piece of work to be sure , but an assumption on your part(as to what transpired between the two of them ) , i 'll take what the authorities are working off of as opposed to your conjecture .
admitting guilt hardly makes him into a " stand up guy " , it just helps confirm he 's guilty of the charge against him .
a real stand up guy would n't have let this happen to begin with .
definition of " stand up " : " marked by a high - degree of personal integrity or loyalty " 
 http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/stand%e2%80%93up 

 you really do n't know what your talking about , and i have no reason to continue with you on this .
crawl out of your cave and get a little sun , might do you a world of good ... or not .
bitch i 'm poor and white living here in frisco fight me
or even ....... gasp ! ! ! ! .......
a christian of no particular bias ! ! ! !
it does n't .
oo shit that official shit too is movie violence nsfw eh better safe than sorry
i came to terms with that and the fact that they are better with a spear than i will ever be .
i love black people what , ca n't be wholesome here automod ?
all i want to do is gunshot gunshot gunshot and a cash register noise punch a nazi
i 'm white and even i can tell this song go hard af
i have no idea where you come up with your ?
's   my opinions are supported by facts .
trump 's ban was not based on religion and there is no nationality called islam .
the both banned for six months immigrants from syria and iran .
with the growth of isis who has moved to iraq and elsewhere , those countries were included .
a judge on the east coast just upheld trump 's immigration ban .
the judge in hawaii admitted he ruled on the ban based on his interpretation of comments trump made on the campaign trail !
so , warning to all , be careful what you said back in 3rd grade or any other time as those words can be used against you by some moronic judges !
and , in case you do n't already know , the 9th circuit is the most liberal court in the country which is why somebody decided to sue in that jurisdiction twice !
but the east coast judge has ruled differently !
< user > waisay hai tou innovative u know like in the west they call them redneck 😅
this a very sad story .
there is so much life experience we learn from our grandparents .
why anyone would ever take the life of another ..... let alone a family member .
i 'm against pirating games .
but seriously , all these layers of drm make me consider buying and then torrenting .
@eternalenglish @dvatw @patel4witham another israeli shill , caught red handed having covert meetings , just like liam fox . #
traitors
> but .. where in the fuck do they deport you to ?
it 's easy , they 'll just stand you up infront of the color chart with shades from * not quite * white enough to full on shithole country citizen .
this was a total bullshit rule housing is segregated by income more than anything this rule would force wealthy neighborhoods to allow section < number > housing be built in high end communities under the guise of diversity and equality bringing the ghetto to you
< number > in < number > women < number > in < number > men < percent > of lesbian women < percent > of bisexual women < percent > of gay men < percent > of bisexual men no data on nb and trans women are being murdered it statistically impossible for you not to know someone who has experienced domestic violence
i sincerely doubt tillerson will be confirmed by the senate where the gop has a narrow majority as many republican 's will vote against this pick and for good reason .
joining up with russia to bully china will create a kind of diplomatic entropy problem which will see china take an even greater command of the asian - pacific economy .
they already have the philippines .
trump is assembling a track and field team to play against chess masters .
yeah , that guy 's a loser , a terrible pick for president and just a very bad man and not very smart .
cancel the deal .
equality , freedom , and human rights .
it is such a beautiful things .
i urge you to research what has happened in germany and sweden .
we should learn from their mistakes not repeat them .
i m with you here i see it day in day out like everyone else its easy to sit back and watch but together we are strong and its good to be with like minded people
i 'm still traumatised from last night . "
do you have a big dick ? "
this guy asked me 🤮 .
why ca n't i get this energy from women man , for fuck 's sake
the supreme court of the united states would prevail over a state supreme court would n't it ?
when the hell didnthe fucking @ncaa make the championship game about the refs !
the the damn kids play !
choke on the whistle !
good .
lets hope that you fools are an even longer way away from a chinese fta .
alright i officially declare my old lady chink acupuncturist a protected citizen in the new white state that bitch is magic
same .
catch these illegal fucks and send them back .
all of shizleen jamshaad 's family members have been approved for an australian visa .
all except for three - year - old kayban .
now he and his family are facing deportation and his family fear he wo n't survive if they are forced to leave
i lost it over everyone jerking off to an old dumb ass lady getting tazed .
the comments were really gross .
so how does the " state " raid the pension funds ?
do you think this is like the social security ponzi scheme ?
not even close .
the problem with pera is conflict of interest .
the board is members !
please keep your comments on - topic , focus on the issue and avoid personal insults , harassment and abuse .
fuck if you gon na run on first get more blockers if not throw that bitch
they fuck homeless people like they fuck children .
i think anyone who says " diversity is our greatest strength " is misleading the public .
no evidence backs this statement ( different food and music does not count ) terrorism , crime rates , employment stats , fgm , breast ironing , cousin and niece / nephew arranged marriage and grooming gangs prove it is definitely not .
allison was such a weak bitch just ew
all asians are ant people except maybe japs
this store is so redneck ...
the satellites already exist for many purposes .
have you ever heard of google earth that can zoom in on you residence or anywhere else .
we all know indians are fucking stupid ... they killing their own country not only with the gangi river but letting their so call ' holy cows ' shit in streets ... they got a rat temple smfh that s dirty
going from 600 to 500 is a 15 %   saving .
over 6 months ( 180 days ) that 's 27 days .
perhaps you would care to share your calculations ?
it 's not   weapon .
chinese are n't known for quality or efficiency ... just cheapness .
“ never let a bitch take your spot period ” rosa parks < number >
< user > they need ching chong to climax 🤣
speaking of , any news on the eweb - eugene agreement to develop the riverfront property with williams & dame ?
last story was almost a year ago ...
probably because she was running against a democrat .
i think biden endorsed hillary clinton , right ?
today is international day against homophobia , biphobia and transphobia , which is sadly still needed today .
we will always challenge inequality in the workplace and society . #
idahobit # equality # joinunison url
go into any late night chinese restaurant at 3 am and watch how the black patrons treat the asian staff .
then try to tell me with a straight face black folks ca n't be racist .
actually i am hoping in the future for a white asian alliance to restore demographic homogeneity in both white and asian communities i think the asians are racist enough to convince of our ideas
ask that nigga can y' all watch lifetime just to see how much that nigga like you
wait for the black hispanic looting
no .
that comes two months from now .
today 's is " i hate trump january . " :)
what i meant though was being up front and unapologetically racist white people are better than blacks the case with asians is different asians are better at math than whites whites excell in engineering and farming niggers ai nt even bronze age
< number > pakis have been found dead in bradford it not terrorism related but thought to be due to a bunk bed collapsing police are blaming al ikea
“ too much capitalism does not mean too many capitalists , but too few capitalists . ” - #
chesterton 

 we are passively witnessing an ever accelerating concentration of wealth and power that is going to do us in .
< user > < user > red i fucking hate you for retweeting this
it 's just a food animal to these idiots .
what 's the problem .
cultural diversity remember welcome every one and embrace all their little barbarian quirks , embrace certain people 's abuse of women and children oregon welcomes anyone .
especially asians willing to pay the uofo big bucks .
we 're very sorry if we offended you .
this was very uncomfortable for us .
the problem was not you , g - d forbid , but that your relationship would become a topic at the shabbos table that might cause our other guests discomfort and confuse our children .
again we apologize for offending you .
shabbat shalom .
what a retarded paki
she always wanna bring this extra gay person out of me 😭 😭 😭 😭
" a change with important implications for cities like vancouver and toronto where chinese buyers have contributed to frenzied property trading . "
how shocking ..... but the media and government have told us that the influx of massive amounts of chinese capital is not connected to real estate market and to suggest otherwise is racist .
multiculturalism has turned many canadians into liars , and twists us into protecting the interests of the very foreign nationals who are hurting many ordinary canadians .
time for this to stop .
2 words : diva cup
a north korean child dies .
what do their parents say ?
yay , food !
we spoke once about our own sub forum , but answer was strict .
is retard a pronoun
i hate tomatoes because i hate bananas and bananas taste like tomatoes .
do n't argue .
wrong .
it is a government facilitated invasion .
it is occurring all across western civilization .
the terms " immigrants , refugees , asylum seekers " have all been bastardized & weaponized to invade the mesmerized & hypnotized european white nations .
url
my mom really walked into my room and asked me why i look so oily it called moisturizer you dry ass white bitch i hate it here
israel need some diversity then jews will be good at sports finally it will be their strength altright
i can honestly say that i have never watched those lard ass kardashians on tv also i have never been in a starbucks and have not been in a walmart in over twenty years top that
getting sick of heartbreaking & amp ; harrowing being used in conjunction with # heathledger trailer .
it 's a beautiful celebration , gone too soon
roll that weed bitch 
 shake that ass hoe
imma need y' all to answer this question .
any of the nihgas who follow me fucked a non black woman ? ? ?
asians think that being asian is a personality trait
lets bring in more of that trash to the u.s. !
smdh
rokos basilisk , you must be quite confused .
you brought up the legislative process from out of nowhere .
it does n't relate to anything anyone has said before in this thread .
everyone can see that .
in your next comment , do n't forget the first law of holes .
you 're confusing moral outrage with racism and bigotry .
whoever holds more power will ultimately have the upper hand .
it works the same way in non - white societies .
north koreans are racist against non - north koreans .
black africans are racist against other black africans .
japanese are racist against koreans and vice versa .
nothing you said disputes the fact that all people have racist thoughts .
i only ever see leftists fight christian views though .
islamic terrorists slaughter christians by the hundreds every year but no one covers it hardly at all .
url there 's violence and hatred on both sides .
it 's our responsibility as reasonable people to denounce it all .
violence does n't belong in a political discussion .
this does not happen in white schools j
what does the d in ajit pai stand for ?
dead
mentally retarded u ar .
👍 👍 u foreigners use only tissue paper to wipe off ur shits ass , u even do n't wash ur shits ass , what a fuck ? ?
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 but we indians use water to clean our shits ass properly and then wash our hands two times , understand , u foreigner fuckers .
if we had no politicians in d.c .
at least < number > months out of the year we could save millions on sexual harassment payouts we could visit d.c .
without getting dirty
there will be a hole who will say you tell refugees to go back to syria and fight for their own country but do not say it to sa farmers need to have a strong and elegant response
lol when indian scammers call you ask them if they stepped in shit on their way to the office .
they most likely did .
my kids are mixed , half white , half asian .
we 've had to put up with our share of garbage from both sides , but i think i would be most disappointed if my kids were to be offended at the sight of a flag .
it 's a piece of fabric people .
it is no match for the power of a human mind , and never will be .
< user > bless he a skinny white boy with glasses and a man bun should not be hard to narrow it down
you 're not a woman , you 're a cow .
you absolutely need to be milked , and you can milk my cock with your filthy pussy at the same time .
i 'll bite your neck to mark you as mine , and fill your cunt with cum over and over .
you 'll stay chained up in my basement , ready any time i want to breed .
i be under this nigga like he mine
if famous black millionaire athletes can not love this country that pretty decisive proof that blacks will never peaceably coexist w whites
gay people should die
@realdonaldtrump and moved them so they can " bomb the hell out of " syria ?
apparently chile and britain are selective regarding who they allow in their country .
unfortunately the u.s. , and especially hawaii and california , will take anybody .
congrats to mac miller its your 5th day sober
unfortunately the japs reserve most of their xenophobic hatred for chinese and koreans most of whom have lived in japan for generations and are physically and culturally indistinguishable from japanese the jap govt is now quietly importing large numbers of migrants from muzzie countries
lmao it 's not even good for real israelis .
they get to deal with all the terrorists infesting the fallen states like iraq and libya .
but the ( ( ( neoclowns ) ) ) in the imperial capital and their mic ( ( ( friends ) ) ) get billions .
so david , are asians better at math than white people ?
should it be dumbed down for the caucasians also ?
correction : it will cost us big time .
the town where i live is still < number > white thank god more spics and niggers by the year though no darkies working at wendies though
you 're right , it 's mostly different flavours of either killing women or distributing them like food stamps in soviet russia ; when they 're not busy sucking off super chad in their mind
it feels a lot like we 're having to drag our politicians to drag us out of the eu .. if we ever get there we have only ourselves to thank ..
what are bumper car rides called in china ?
driving tests .
i did not .
the apostles were the twelve , the disciples are usually considered the 72 .
being precise is not pedantry , and suggesting that it is meets the definition of uncivil .
yes , as the gospels make clear many jews interpreted the prophecies to mean a civil resurrection of the state of israel and the removal of the roman boot from their necks .
jesus made clear that what not his mission .
of course i have an idea of what jews thought about jesus .
he is extremely precise in using word coding that spoke directly to individuals who had huge sections of the ot memorized , who were immersed in a reality unlike our western thought where the spiritual and physical were one reality .
premier kathy only cares about toronto , primarily the votes she gets from her zombie electorate in the greater gta ... have n't you figured that out yet ?
( cough , cough , billion dollar gas plant scandals , cough , cough ) .
@eternalenglish @dvatw @patel4witham another israeli shill , caught red handed having covert meetings , just like liam fox . #
traitors
looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
@shadaya_knight it is so pathetic , the little girl should be expelled
i love this woman .
what a historic female patriot to this country .
thank you , david .
enjoyed your response .
agree with you that statues are odd : the obvious , rather gauche ‘ immortality projects ’ of previous generations left clogging up contemporary landscapes ; the feeble expressions of fragile egos attempting to bolster claims of victory and superiority .
am more in favour of “ winners ” renaming areas instead .
as tiresome as it can prove for those navigating an area after it has been renamed , the process does offer the benefits of being relatively easy , inexpensive and efficient .
it is also much easier for the next set of “ winners ” to declare their " victory " in the future .
joe smith .
you finally figured out us " lefties . "
your smarter then you seem to be .
i always go out cruising for drunks to pick up every election .
you must of seen me .
darn you .
seriously though , where in the state or national constitution does it make it illegal for an alcoholic to vote ?
and not just the homeless ones , but the " functioning " alcoholics who have a job and a home ?
and i actually know people in the military who claim alaska as their home .
like the people in the military who actually were born here .
let me guess , your voting for trump ?
that bridge is incredibly dangerous , a relic of the past .
a tight , narrow turn , almost any speed above 30 could have been " excessive speed " for   a truck   like this .
but a professional truck driver should have been aware of   that .
fortunately there are now definite plans to replace it !
in the meantime enjoy   sweet little scottsburg ,   once a major shipping metropolis .
michael schenker michael schenker < number > day ago take the ghetto out of nfl ﻿
@amandavanstone @yetanotherrando @janecaro @martin_bonobo @macprint61 how many have been described as ending in tears ?
it 's a shame amanda , you 'd be a real asset if your eyes were open to the insidiousness of misogyny .
i wish i could sing in front of anybody & amp ; like actually go all out cause syd shelby & amp ; my family are the only people i can do that with
bald meeks 
 how will women react to a nw6/7 meeks if he reaches that stage
it is ' silly ' because the ' reserve ' was not evaluated using accepted good practice .
i do not contest estimates ... i simply question how this point was derived .
words have different impact depending on power .
how is this a hard concept ?
@j0shoooa and just to clarify , whores can be guys too # notsexist
i disagree before the british started to hire arab mercenaries to attack jewish villages arabs and jews got along fairly well jews fought in saladin army and modern kurds are mostly friendly with jews in the roman times the idumeans fought alongside the jewish anti roman militia
i just want to fuck white chicks 
 is that so much to ask for an asian male in his twenties ?
what does society and a banana have in common 


 the less brown , the better
you chose an interesting nick name .
the whole debate is about islamophobia so that is why that word is bandied about .
the big question is what exactly deep down attracted you to this issue ?
the second question is why do you misrepresent statements that i made .
six people were murdered by someone who hated muslims .
post something in condolence for the loss of their lives and post something specifically saying that you condemn anti - muslim hatred .
what prevents you from doing that ?
< user > < user > she will blame it on jews or trump i bet
do not you just hate white privilege rednationrising
lmao bread is the dish of the year from ghetto < number > loaves to if you have to ask five volume master works
every gook in # losangeles should be deported or killed .
" racist " is just a hate slur that you call white people 

 you would not advocate turning asia non - asian or africa non - african as that would be genocide .
but once we get to white countries ,   you will do and say anything to turn every white country non - white -   it 's genocide as defined by international law .
you say you are " anti - racist " ,   what you are is anti - white 

 anti - racist is a code word for anti - white
truth hurt ?
the perp looks asian with a surname henderson
old fart drivers , that 's why .
same thing in fl .
why does sally fall off the swing .
because she has no limbs .
funny thing is every black dude i ever fucked in teh ass had a smaller cock than i did !
# 12 kali deity vandalized in kushita , bangladesh one kali deity was broken and another was lying on the floor by the temple caretaker , along with several precious ornaments stolen , in a hindu temple in kushtia , bangladesh .
the pipe dream is more than obscene , it is a bottomless pit , a black hole financially from which we will not be able to withdraw - the further down the hole the process goes , the more bleak is our outlook .
do not build another pipeline to unnecessary tear up the country .
the gas is already at tide water in the arctic .
when the market is right , bigoil will build the plants , provide the tankers & transport the lng to asian markets .
wait for the market to rise , then - 
 only after revising the oil / gas tax structure to assure that alaska gets maximum fair share , then sell the gas & collect the royalties with absolutely minimum risk .
common sense , along with reasonable caution should be the mode of the administration .
an adversarial posture with bigoil is the only relationship the state should have .
forget this " partnering " baloney , as it is smoke & mirrors .
end secrecy , get the auditing up to date , put teeth into the legislative ethics rules & in all ways , get back to good government .
“ compassion is no substitute for justice . ”
― rush limbaugh
i agree with trump and ivanka ..   let 's give the dreamers amnesty then seal the f'ing border .. a moratorium on all immigration .. even legal .. for a period of 10 years .. don't let anyone into the usa ..
cute girly fantasy football team names jnr college lesbians glee gay guy
" so , it is a matter of time and of trust in the spirit who is well able to heal ecclesial misogyny and guide the people of god to " courageous new perspectives . "
so well put !
god ordains ; not man .
it 's not for males to   second guess divine ordination of humankind in godlikeness , female and male .
exclusionary male priesthood does n't square with the live scripture of evolutionary consciousness .
so then i guess you know who the kardashians are .
sweet .
huge wave of sexual harassment claims about to hit congress — hard jacob novak
lol you 're a fucking typical racist incel .
a bunch of ignorant , poor , uneducated backward living fucks cavemen .
so hateful of everything in the world , such a sad life .
you people need help .
< user > i am bit confused coz chinese ppl can not access twitter thn how this ching chong using it i think he pakistani 🤔 🤔 🤔
bitch bitch bitch .
super bitch
a friend is looking for a lgbt friendly christian podcast .
trans - inclusive or non binary would be best if that exists .
their local christian radio leaves them feeling blue most days .
the only one i could think of was " house for all sinners and saints " @sarcasticluther   help ?
" like she did nt yell but " " oh i see you ll spend thousands on yourself but not your mom ok i see fine " " um it was 2k and what would i even get "
now now , democrats are n't quite that bad .
😁
a liberal asked if conservatives would do the jobs illegal immigrants do why must democrats think we need a permanent underclass of non citizens wait were not they the ones who implemented slavery were not they against civil rights it all becoming clearer now
i swear some guys are good for nothing ... i do nt know how some women put up with their pussy ass boyfriends , who do nt support , help , or motivate them .
blacks whites and asians are all different species what we are doing combining these species and producing so many different hybrid species is going against god plan for order
too white what utter utter fucking bullshit maybe it is because the blacks are too dumb to ride and asians feel they can not kill with a cycle the only time you see a black on a bike is when he has just stolen it
yet in chruches here in the european countries , gay people are getting married .
president g. w. bush did not - - repeat not - - falter in his efforts to prevent another islamic terror attack on our homeland .
by way of sharp contrast , under whose watch do you suppose the following islamic terror attacks on our homeland took place , hmmmmm ?
little rock , 
 detroit , 
 fort hood , 
 times square , 
 boston , 
 chattanooga , 
 san bernadino , 
 orlando , 
 st. cloud , 
 oak harbor , 
 fort lauderdale 

 try as you might you will not be able to sweep the mountain of obama ’s hate - america [ scatological term redacted ] under the rug .
undrip was negotiated by foreigners by people who were not elected by canadians for the purposes of this treaty .
despite this , i and many canadians are prepared to work with the principles espoused by this document .
if the peoples of previous centuries had the same high standard as present day canadians , the indigenous peoples would not have suffered the european invasions .
this is our land now and the best we can do is build a canada big enough to embrace the indigenous cultures as truly part of us .
please do n't lecture us on our morality .
finally mr trudeau has the responsibility to ensure that our economy is robust enough to support us all .
for this he needs pipelines and a healthy fossil fuel industry in the interim .
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
dich the pipe- use the heat   oil and live worry free 
 oil prices will go down even more soon
maybe she has something wrong with her ?
like a deformity down there so she ca n't have sex or kids ?
niantic mobile game with my computer making an adderall instead of little cousin made me this thing specific and spite me :
you got niggas , and i got bitches .
rt @_fashionjunky : taking things day by day bc i 'm really fucking hurting inside & # 128531 ;
i ca n't think about rikers w / out thinking about kalief browder , and it crushes me every time . …
https://t.co/5g0bx9qmfe
professional magic : the gathering player receives lifetime ban for sexual assault
this is exactly why we need to make america white again .
brown people are uncivilized savages that contaminate the earth .
trump 2020 🇺 🇸
< user > they resisted it for < number > years along with the nubeans in the south of sudan that is a beautiful and remarkable history of resisting evil i got ta tell u u have to read genesis < number > < number > the story of ishmael and u will see arabs today perfectly described
we spent too much time and effort worrying about blacks while the asians and hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball .
sweet jesus here some real stupid shit norah o donnell scores interview with prince mohammed bin salman does the camel jockey get to bring his gold plated bone saws < user >
dmv examiner ( older white man ): : " what about your student visa ? "
me ( 22 - year - old asian american woman ): : " um , what ? "
dmv examiner : : " this is a j-1 , right ? "
me : : " no .
it 's a passport . "
this morning at the department of motor vehicles , while the examiner was holding my student id for a large public university in the area and my valid passport .
pay back a bitch ai nt it
my written bitten words is like ice cuz shit went through my body like twice tested and vested by arms and fingers vice i do not let my tongue run like a chink on hard rice
judge sally cahill said it was a worse crime to rape an asian child than to rape a white child and should carry a longer sentence
seen street niggas dick ride 🤢
the game changer is that now we have legislation that allows for assisted death .
if we keep trying to quantify the costs that aging parents have on younger generations , maybe it will have the perverse effect of encouraging more to consider this exit strategy .
thank you g & m.
i am looking forward to the day , which i expect will be real soon , where i can use up some ammunition & make it count big time .. bring it on globalist mixed race pushing mother fckers !
people be shooting their guns around here late as fuck got me thinking they tryna shoot my black ass 4 jammin jiggaboo music
that like saying the british wanted a deluge of asians arabs and muslims in an already crumbling under resourced nation and now we must watch as they take over germans have been persecuted and subjugated since wwii and have obeen cowed by jews as unwarranted punishment it not their fault
a 28 year old on pof is messaging me lol
he thinks incel = incest
apparently there was a tea stain on the qu ran that blocked some text scientist have discovered what it covered mohammed was a gay prophet as is allah though mohammed went a step farther and was a tranny too
just the demolition of the democratic party hijacked in the 1970/80s by the old south solution to losing elections by moving further to the right to accommodate the ruling elite .
led by the fundamentalist christian , jimmy carter , continued by bill clinton and a host of congressional south senators and representatives to cater to the wall street corporate oligarchy through continuing the deregulation of the entire economy .
deregulation leading to massive transfers of wealth to the wealthy paper - hanging wall street elite ; massive transfer of jobs to foreign , cheap labor lands ; changing the banking rules to allow junk bonds and llcs to protect corporations from any real liability or criminal prosecution for criminal economic actions .
the list goes on as the protection built into the system in the great depression were jettisoned for the ayn rand fictional free market looting of the world .
disgusting .
its funny bc people think i m quiet but i m just listening to everyones convos and figuring out ur weaknesses to destroy u later in life
omg india plz do not bomb my college kmdc north nazimabad block n karachi sindh 😭 😭 😭 😭
he just read that new cte report ...
loretta yajima has a vision :   love your neighbor as yourself ( quote from jesus ) .
in a lost world , we always need reminders .
my stupid parents and teachers always told me " i will not repeat myself , if i told you once , i will not tell you again . "
listen ! ! !
typical asians parents and teachers .
if clinton wins , bernies sanders will see his platform sink out of sight .
she will go back to what she said for pay and behind closed doors .
main street will be left in the cold again .
can july hurry up so i can pass my fucking test and not hassle every cunt for lifts & # 128555 ;
a russian , a cuban , an englishman and a pakistani are on a train .
the russian takes out a bottle of his best vodka , drinks a bit and throws the rest off the train and says , " there 's plenty more of that where i come from . "
everyone is impressed .
the cuban takes out one of the finest havana cigars , takes one puff and throws it off the train and says , " there 's plenty more of those where i come from . "
again everyone is rather impressed .
so the englishman stands up and throws the pakistani off the train .
that rouge jewess as if there is any other kind called for complete genocide of palestinians her name is ayelet sheked when she does not call for genocide of people she stole land from she whinies about holohoax typical kike shenanigans disgusting rats
yes yes but it is never mentioned it would be racist i was watching some fashion show with all faces walking the runway i thought soon they will want only white women as they realize the globe is filled with black and brown faces minority white hires with no guilt
i 'm not so sure csx would cover that entire amount , especially as they 're not the one 's inviting harrison in ( it 's part of an activist bid ) .
i think this is just harrison looking for another turn around opportunity for his ego .
i think success is more important than money to a guy that already has tons of cash .
he just wants more turn around stories on his resume .
" and is asking for a symbolic $ 1 judgment . "
it is my understanding , the jury can award any amount they see fit .
maybe strategy .
the bare ass tour .
summer 2017
lol sorry you guys swtiched to a new depop page ☺ ️ so you 're going to get a little flooded with postings
i question the mental stability of any man that refers to his penis as “ mr famous ” .
assistam crazy rich asians mt boom
what will this all look like when it 's done ?
is there a website with graphics from cook inlet housing authority ?
dam shit sad if your for african american people you are president they look for ways to impeach you but if you are white for illegal immigrants nothing happens america is racist it ll never change were facing extinction they hate us for what they have done to us
japs now eat live animals .
fuck them .
agreed .
my favourite claim is that ivanka trump is distancing herself from the ivanka trump brand .
how on earth can she do that ?
dumb idea .
if i want to buy something , i want to buy it then , not wait for it to be delivered .
if i want to order something online , i 'll order online .
asians are so sexy wallahi but then you link up with them and they ’ re like < number > ’ < number >
burly123 : mr birch hates chinese , muslims and black canadians too .
even queers like beers international beer day
now a days how many will bitch and moan if they had that power back because it would require great responsibility and hard work
geez ..... i think # northkorea may be right . #
barackobama is a monkey !
surely acts like one .
url "
between the look on the interviewers face and these damn memes , i 'm so sick & # 128514 ;
islamists plainly state their goals why are so many in the west unwilling to acknowledge the goals of islam and the consequences of accepting this ideology into western societies it just cohencidenal i am sure
kishimoto 's name may sound japanese but she looks more caucasian than asian .
regardless , she is carrying a lot of unflattering reviews from her previous positions .
well , with the new approach of minimizing tests and ranking of schools to not hurt the sensitivity of dumb students , she should fit right into our public school system .
if the sensi knows what they are doing they will break down the kata and show you how each move or movies apply to a certian kind of attack .
doufus is putting it mildly .
the chinese are thieves , actually .
need to fix the language recognizer this came up with translate from de not sure if it should have recognized it as redneck or ghetto
lets bring in more of that trash to the u.s. !
smdh
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
why do muslim women suicide bomb to get an enormous eternally erect penis in heaven top saudi imam delivers throbbing theological thesis
niggas be so hurt when you do not want to fuck with them
this does not happen in white schools j
who will waterboard the waterboarders ?
those minority women should be deported there not wanted here there trash
your apparent love , betty c. , to distort information remains of some surprise to me .
specifically , the loretto sisters were asked to talk with cardinal aviz of the congregation of religious life in order to clarify some aspects of their constitution highlighted during the so - called " apostolic visitation " under emeritus benedict xvi .
done and over now .
no big deal .
and if you object to a pope of the church issuing guidelines to any monastic order , of men or women , then you are quite disloyal to the papacy .
your " interference " is clearly at odds with the long , long tradition of popes correcting religious orders , or giving them a framework for improvement .
but , i suppose you think that pope francis is dead wrong in emphasizing the need for communal prayer and daily reception of the eucharist .
yes - you are not one worth listening to on such matters .
got anything else ?
it ’ a crime to put illegal aliens before americans and i ’ m f ’ kng sick of it
i think the us should have taken them out .
one warning , and take them down .
the chinese are bullies just like their government .
( ( ( ( snowflake aler ) ) ) ) * vooot*voot*vooot * ( ( ( ( activate safe space ) ) ) )
as somewhat expected , " senate majority leader mitch mcconnell said saturday that the senate should wait until a new president is elected to confirm a replacement for justice antonin scalia " .
so 11 months is a threshold at which point a president needs to defer to the next one ?
or is that magic threshold maybe a year , maybe even longer ?
it seems like this could easily be a slippery slope where we 'll end up with presidents only being allowed to appoint a new justice right after being sworn in !
if you are a woman and you drive over < number > mph on the freeway you are a lesbian sorry i do not make the rules do not worry we will take care of you now
< user > do not kill yourself i will do it come on do not kill your self i will do it it will ruin the trip
why did you give yourself a " like " ?
is that to show us that you liked your own post ?
it seems more to indicate that you seek approval so desperately that you will even award it to yourself .
do you ever " disagree " with your own posts ?
< user > < user > hosts of netflix queer eye reboot they are gay dudes who give lifestyle advice to regular people on tv
i tweet for the dykes and the dykes alone
andrew scheer is an ideologue .
like all ideologues , many say he suffers from double - think .
< user > did not know what a nazi salute was that because all the left wing media paint everyone as nazis
naaa fuck bobby lee that fucking faggot , wanna punch that fucking goof in the face .
he sucks huge hollywood dicks just to be that goody too shoes lil fuckin chink .
sam do nt ever go on that fucking faggots shit again , makes u look like a bitch .
bobby lee u fucking faggot , only ur brother stevie is cool .
ur a goof bobby lee
and also the jewish people behind the scenes :)
how about you jack me off while i tear a bite out of those asscheeks of yours .. ?
that edgy enough for you boy ?
east asians do not recognize nigroids as fully human wo nt say it in public they get pissed off when ppl marry other even east asians muddling south asians are niggers of asia with their flat noses and low iq the genomes inherently recognize quality
yes , let 's prepare for a loonie in 2017 : in the white house
so , is it true what they say about asians ?
you say , vaguely :   " catholic hierarchy including kurtz , vigano , lori and cordileone have been involved with groups that are associated with hate groups . . .
that specialize in the discrimination of a " group " be it jewish , or black , or female , or gay or muslim or whatever . "
good grief .
if you want to accuse , then accuse .
have the courage of your convictions .
tell us the names of the groups that kurtz , et al .
are involved in ; how those groups are " associated with hate groups " ; who those hate groups are ; and what kurtz et al .
have done to warrant the accusation of racism .
otherwise , your charge of racism is odious . . .
racism being one of the worst things a person can be ( imho ) .
do n't doubt that shep 's right about craig , but that level of candor feels cruel on bravo show . #
southerncharm
let those fuck face cock sucking cunt get called as mass murderer .
they will be remembered for killing innocent ciitzens .
their punishment will be their wives raped .
or probably their daughter
why do so many filthy wetback half - breed spic savages live in # losangeles ?
none of them have any right at all to be here .
today two terrorist attacks with machete in buckinham palace and bruselles but in america the free media doesn ´ t say a thing but trump nazi hate speech white supremacist and even call the terrorism just a copycat of charlottesville violence that ´ why we need new medias and free speech
you must subscribe to the spicer way of looking at things .
it 's not a debate as the pictures were very clear , many empty seats .
you can also the say the earth is flat , but you be wrong as well .
the author is arguing that the government should retaliate against speech which it may not like .
in support of this argument , he invokes those who sacrificed for our freedoms .
that is truly scary .
so a white businessman is having a business meeting in japan .
they are going to play golf at the business meeting .
the guy flies out there a day early .
he 's got all day in japan so he decides he wants to get himself a geisha .
he goes to a house of ill repute and finds what he 's looking for .
he takes her in back and starts doing his thing .
the girl starts going crazy .
she starts yelling , " machigatta ana !
machigatta ana ! "
he thinks , " this girl is loving this . "
next day in the golf course he hits a hole in one .
he does n't know any japanese so he yells , " machigatta ana ! "
the japanese guys ask him , " what do you mean wrong hole ? "
china is not violating human rights .
human rights are for humans .
chinese rights are for chinese .
no problem here , just making chinese noise .
maybe she has something wrong with her ?
like a deformity down there so she ca n't have sex or kids ?
what does a 8 year old pakistani girl need when she ’s fighting with a man ?
marriage counselling
when the government targets a population by race , and then pledges all its resources to find anywhere there are“too many whites,”and openly goes after community , or county , or state , or country , that is white genocide .
africa for africans , asia for asians , white countries for everyone is white genocide .
hard to believe this man is a successful criminal lawyer .
" impaired driving charges abound " ?
where is the evidence of this ?
" impaired driving is a middle class and upper - class crime " ?
again , no evidence or statistics provided .
it is agreed that it is illegal to operate a motor vehicle while impaired in any way .
where is the evidence that someone with 0.06 blood alcohol is impaired ?
a very racist government 
 4 sikhs in the cabinet 
 but no chinese ?
buddhist ?
japanese ?
filipino ?
chinese drivers are a real problem .... not sure how they got their licence .
careless , negligent and no one seems to care .
a real mess .
at no stage must the door of pension funds be opened for financing of soe 's .
once this happens the hotse will bolt and the pension funds will be left pennyless in the end .
the best / only thing to do is to take extreme measures to ensure that soe 's are governed / managed properly so as.not to bleed r billion every year , only to be refinanced by some " frivolous " argument .
those entities must be governed in such a way as to finance themselves and not depend on outside help as is done so easily as at present .
is this so difficult to understand ? ? ? ?
may allah give these women the same death these horrific women gave to a little child who could n't do anything to save herself , used her and abused her !
may you rot & die the worst possible death inshallah.(2 ) # justiceforuzma url
man , if we had a total ban on slavery then people would still be trafficked .
no sense in doing that either .
are men more intelligent than women ?
you are absolutely correct .
that 's why whiteys have narrow nostrils , breathing cold air .
blue eyes developed when the humanoid had to keep his clothes on , from the cold , and only the face showed .
the vitamin d can not get through brown eyes .
i was n't making a point , just stateing facts .
i 'm sorry i 'm proud of my race , we 're not perfect , and neither am i. but w/ black pride running wild , la raza celebrating mexico after illegally immigrating , and asians getting good educations and good jobs , i thought i might dare say something positive about my race .
but , that did n't float , do n't ever say something positive about the white race , publicly .
we 're bad ! ! ! !
time to mute the word trump as well .
everybody is a fucking expert .
i agree .
just for the simple fact that i grew up in orlando fl .
it was a good place to live at one time .
but not any more .
the crime went up and is still on the rise .
< user > the currynigger racetraitor i hope you get raped in public then covered in feces stating hopes and dreams especially violent ones is protected speech
@themlotsdad africans have the worlds longest slave trade history that predates the u.s. and exists today . (
nigerians $ 400usd ) but liberals do nt like to bring that up , just like the teuth about anthony johnson .
same happened with my girlfriends parents .
they are actually pretty religious but saw she was happy , trusted her , and saw that she was nt entering into a messy failing marriage or causing one .
that was almost 2 years ago and we are all doing wonderful :)
that the only kid that ant balck ass fuck plus i bet his older son do n't support all the gay shit smh
idk i feel awkward being a black girl on this bc : 1 ) all the thinspo are light girls which makes me wanna be lighter 2 ) i feel like i ca n't really relate to anyone 3 ) i feel alone 🥺
the insecurity of canadians is legendary .
apologists abounded when it was announced that the second quarter 's annual growth was 4.5 per cent . "
this ca n't be " or " you ca n't believe statistics that trudeau probably manipulated " .
handling good news well does n't seem to be the canadian way .
leftist mind control fails i think this overstates it men prefer women who are real people and prefer tall thin young bodies if asked in abstraction the two are not the same question
i make awesome double peanut butter cookies with peanut butter chips i have never heard of pistachio cream cheese i will have to look that up as far as women offering compliments i was bullied relentlessly by some ruthless bitches growing up
sometimes i just wanna tell people to fuck off ! ! ! !
as a group , trump supporters are becoming the newest icon of what it means to be intellectually challenged .
kind of like an aggie joke in texas .
from what i have seen the new foodland is kicking shirokiya 's behind and i wonder how 
 many of those vendors at shirokiya will survive .
shirokiya 's only draw is their beer garden , 
 especially for the social security set but other than that their food prices do not appeal to 
 locals .
locals will go there once or twice maybe , then forget about it .
if our ridiculous society would not make black people compete with whites asians and hispanics men like him would be the leaders of the black community
ummm .... maybe not be a peice of fucking shit and overreact and kill people cause you 're a weak little bitch .
no amount of " bullying " ever constitutes killing people .
fuck you .
his english periscope was awful apparently his chinese one was much better and had 1 6 m watching i do not speak gookanese though so be funny to see how this plays out with chink whales putting stops every < number >
i recorded a video and i look stupid as hell lmaoo
trump stole the election with the help of putin .
i had a dream i had a chihuahua that i carried with me everywhere like i was doin crazy shit in my dream , but the whole time he was w me
walking along the road i realised how dirty pakis are < number > of them spitting on the floor dirty bastards i thought and i bet their husbands are just as bad
per capita whites are doing much better than the chinese besides i think you are over estimating how much soy the average chinaman actually eats
the voices in my head may not be real , but they have some good ideas !
when i drove around the more northern part ontario i went to school yards to observe the race of the children and saw blacks and asiatics there plus too many natives .
fucking coward ass mods wo n't even respond , pieces of human waste .
i 'm white , fuck you .
happy chinese new year enjoy the traffic free drive to work ! (
meant to post this yesterday )
lol this nigga actually believes those retarded black israelites
truth hurt ?
you are pretty ignorant of what 's going on if you think this is about protecting white people .
see my other posts on this article citing why affirmative action is bad for asians and jews .
all of shizleen jamshaad 's family members have been approved for an australian visa .
all except for three - year - old kayban .
now he and his family are facing deportation and his family fear he wo n't survive if they are forced to leave
shutting down racism begins with all of us people with actual brains coming together , and leaving those who are lacking brain out .
# thehumanrace
happy pride month bisexual erasure is real and prevalent
all brown and black countries are riddled with crime , poverty , and pollution due to the homogenous population 's intellectual hindrance .
facts are racist .
rip beth ... i hope you and your family come to ease with your hurt , this is another chapter in life .... from the muslim community in uk
and when you realise that left wing political parties only want immigrants to come in their millions so that they could get more votes in elections you start wondering whether they are actually fit to be in politics at all in us the democrats are obviously unfit to govern
i agree with this comment completely .
thank you .
director , after finding out i was born in india : : wow !
your english is great , you ca n't even tell !
me : : well , i moved here when i was five , so i actually started kindergarten with everyone else .
director : : but still ... made me feel angry , tired .
why does it still shock people that i can speak english well when i 've been in the us for 20 years ?
why does it surprise them that i " seem american " when they find out i was n't born here ?
why do chinese warriors die so easily in battle ?
no matter how much protective garments they wear , there 's still a chink in the armour .
" they just love each other " 💘 url
now i am really confussed my dads mexican and my mom is white .
i wish i could be in that room as they take turns pumping her full of their superior seed .
and i could just see them laughing at me as i spill my pitiful cum to watching the future of my race .
waco :   the u.s. government killed dozens of people because of a firearms infraction .
i fucking hate my uncle its so hard to enjoy my buckeyes when all he does is insult my buckeyes and thier amazing head coach
what 's the difference ?
all these orientals are the same .
i 'm sure my korean step - daughter , my hispanic grandson - in - law , my black former brother - in - law , my chinese brother - in - law , my black buddy on the pd , who i 'd come in early and ride with him half his shift , and he 'd stay over and ride with me , half my shift , who i would certainly have never doubted he 'd have my back in any circumstance ( as he knew i had his) ... i'm sure they all , and other in my life of various races , ethnicities , etc .
are soooooooooo happy that i have finally been uncovered as a racist .
you , sir , are an ignorant ass .
a left wing loon who ca n't debate on the facts , the truth , or common sense .
who 's only recourse is to project their own labels at others .
perhaps you should read some history of left wing ideologies ... that 's where the racism , the hate , the scorn for others , etc .
is always found .
go on a diet !
you sound chinese and retarded .
fuck off and go kick a toddler and get eaten by an elevator and stop making prochina comments .
fuck off dog eater
" : : i have to listen to con funk shun | " " love 's train live " " from the live for ya ass album every morning .. "
rt @meta_l0tus : man fuck any sort of sympathy for matadors .
how about the horrific torture these bulls go through ?
gore em till the …
we are , it seems , a nation of pissy church ladies , cops , and scolds url
the news is reporting that gay marriage in australia was endorsed by a majority of voters so you can not prevent it but they oddly never tell ppl that california and every other state that voted on it in america rejected gay marriage and it was forced on us anyways
this sub is living proof what extreme loneliness can do to men
time to kill the paki terrorist pig 🐷 # hafizsaeed .
i do n't know the last time i read or watched the news 
 and it 's irrelevant .
< user > you missed out the gay son daughter 😝
what a rag of a " newspaper . "
constantly promoting division and hatred against men and especially white men for some reason , i suppose for click bait and the almighty dollar , rather than true social justice .
the way forward is not to make every other segment of society feel better about themselves by telling them that " if only the white man did n't .......... " and that white people are scum and should now be treated as second class citizens , nudge , nudge , wink , wink , but for society to truly become colour blind , including white people and just be people without some kind of qualifying modifying verb ( white , black , asian , indigenous ) before the word people .
i listen to the same songs everyday i love ariana and blackpink 😩 can they and selena release new albums please
white washed asians are so stuck up and rude fuck you ching chong china lady
i agree to legalize it .
society as a whole does not want men to be able to buy sex .
they want men to be motivated by sex , motivated to get the sex through herculean , self - sacrificing efforts .
if men can afford sex based on their $ , we 'd have men focusing more on themselves and less on spending on the things men buy to get women , aka 75 % of our entire economy .
burn the borders to the ground
your site shows the hispanic women more poorly compensated than the blacks , the whites or the asians .
so they should be having the most abortions according to your ' suggestion ' .
midsommar contains raw feminine energy and heeeavy relationship dynamics .
it 's also divisive .
mine the replies here for lots of published reviews / analyses from femme and non - binary perspectives .
url
the girl converted from asian to black .
pretty cool
not a black woman in sight except for his mother ! !
gtfoh !
🙄
so he was never given any tranquilizers by the state health care professionals ? ?
and thankyou ed and the fabulous team @business who are absolutely committed to gender diverse voices
really ?
you are the one blaming marijuana for the home invasion,,,,,,,,,which is blaming the gun for the crime,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,which is blaming the fork and knife for obesity .
if anyone is leaning left,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,that would be you .
it 's always somebody else 's fault for the infraction,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,correct leftie ?
how can you tell if a shark met an asian ?
its fins are missing .
i like my diversity like how i like my laundry ... whites in one load and colors in the other .
guys , why colored toilets is not a thing anymore ?
have not see one episode of game of thrones .. yet it 's a show that clearly has everything i 'm into .. hmm .. mebbie i should start & # 129300 ;
omg i just order a chocolate fountain , ca n't wait to fucking use it
what is ppl views on paki men muslim men rapping white uk girls
sorry , trump has brought racism and bigotry to the forefront by railing against muslims , including insulting a gold star family ; his claiming the judge 's bias because he 's a mexican in the trump u fraud case .
he has a pattern of incidents of discriminating against african americans since the 70s on , and his birther claim against obama .
in his campaign , trump   after african americans , immigrants , latinos , asians , women , muslims and even mocked a disabled reporter .
and it 's interesting how the kkk and other white supremacist groups have been emboldened under the trump administration .
you do not live in america nazi faggot but you vote the young nazi boy faggot parties tho
india , pakistan , bangladesh etc all these brown asses shuld be anhilated from the earth to give a pure future to the human race .
he is correct though only because such folk are more intelligent than dark skinned persons but can whites claim to be discriminated against by the orientals and other asians who are better at mathematics than us
wonder sha never end .. olosho won buy benz o .. this girl hide condom inside pussy ... sperm don dey turn black when they brought it out of her pussy .. na wa o 🙆 🙆 😱 😱 😱 url
good read , ms. ramirez .
and good for some guffaws -- 

 " . . .
things that scare me more that being attacked by a bear while riding my bike : 
 ... 
 • donald trump 
 . . .
• a bag of used kitty litter ripping open inside the house . "
patience required dealing with both of these !
need to evac all the smart whitey 's first then drop a couple nukes
a thought experiment : someone says " i have never read the bible , do not want to read it , i 've talked to one " christian " , says his group - theology only real deal all others " the great whore of babylon " and says i can become a god with my own planet , plural sealed wives ; no thanks .
url
that was fiscally intelligent of you .
i 'll steer clear of politics cause it 's not my specialty .
steven universe spoiler steven won by roasting white wtf
< user > add to that one of the organizers is a moslem female who promotes sharia law and has hamas terror ties much of the march funded by soros groups as well
cute turd making machines .
springtime in anchorage is hazardous to our health with powered dog turds gone airborne .
coughing , hacking , rash , asthma , etc . ,
folks can point fingers in that direction .
how many dogs do we have in losanchorage ?
the beasts have become citizens with rights .
so , if that 's the case , taxing their ownership is n't far fetched ... whoof , whoof !
david lindley - pay the man 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgconirqqcc
thor , it 's not stupid to infer that whites would be upset if more asians got into harvard ( or any college ) instead of whites .
what is stupid is to infer that they would n't be upset about that .
you asked : " why did you not include blacks in your ' inferior ' designation . "
answer : mainly because blacks had not come up anywhere in this discussion , but also because i did n't think either of us would want to go there .
best , 

 rtd
i assume most blacks are criminals when i see them , its why i never hire any .
i m usually right .
another gay hispanic , so usual .
fuck off and die .
you know ull get in due to aa , so suck my small chinese cock .
yes i am in hongcouver , where chinese journalists even call it that - and oppose chines fraud , you stupid a- hole
wrong !
real canadians want the little potato to ' stand down ' and let the big boys take care of the economy and dealing with communist china .
obama and hillary 's shoe shine boy , picked the wrong shiny pony parade to be on , and it is time for the new reality .
no more flooding the country with muslim extremists and communist chinese fifth columnists unless junior wants the northern wall built first !
and let us make something else clear twitter is not friendly for children and most of the women that i have ever met in my life that were raped or molested they would never go on twitter and say it
that 's why i hate working on school days ... be fucking up my schedule
girlfriend dies 
 my brother in laws girlfriend died , leaving 3 minor children ( only 1 is his ) there was no wi'll , they do n't have his last name and he is not listed on the birth certificate he seems to think he has full custody over them and i 'm telling him he needs to establish legal custody to put them in school , get the mothers social security etc ... does anyone know ?
she ra gay only event no hets allowed 🚫
< user > < user > draws eyes hey here is a service where games come and go at a < number > month cycle that retarded
zuma must leave us in peace and stay with his gupta friends in dubai .
they have stolen enough .
i would roast you , but mine are reserved for whites only .
do n't invite a poisonous snake into your house .
you might end up as lunch .
china is headed by a repressive , non - democratic , anti - free speech government .
they do n't allow foreign companies unfettered access to their economy .
partnerships with chinese firms are demanded , they suck all the information from the foreign company and then dump the foreign partner .
do n't expect an independent judiciary in china , because they 're controlled by the chinese government .
if your foreign company has a complaint and takes it to court , you will never win .
it 's really not our faith of choice that matters , it 's the dedication to our race which is where we are made or lost .
harvard colorado state american university are the < number > latest colleges to promote anti white agendas and segregation
i 'm still in my 20 's , but i respect the older generation of gay and lesbian people who actually know the history of pride in toronto .
they have worked for decades with the police and the city to enjoy this good relationship , so i 'm not convinced a crew of 20 year old , mainly straight female students can speak for the state of affairs in our community .
this generation of special snowflake sjw 's seems to think they invented oppression , and that they are the worlds biggest victims .
a gay male ( and yes , white ) in his 60 's has probably seen and experienced more oppression than all of the blm kiddies combined .
so who are they to demand the gay community destroy 30+years of effort in one foul swoop ?
and you ca n't tell them anything either .
i express my opinion , and even though i am asian , i will get a white , straight , liberal feminist calling me racist simply because i disagree with this .
the hypocrisy is astounding .
this year we 're renting a cottage pride weekend and going away instead .
" see brietbart for following . "
enough said .
imagine getting jumped by chinese niggas and you hear “ cough on him ”
you have to be kidding me .
bird feeders anyone ?
that is feeding wild animals .
squirrels are not a big deal .
they are generally ( not always ) that destructive to land / homes ( do not let them into attics ) .
squirrels may bury some nuts , but that neighbor is a bad neighbor for gripping about this .
lot of dems want to throw open the borders so immigrant votes can give the party a permanent lock on political power sordid and destructive
well it 's that fucking moment when your alarm goes off at 5 am but you have been up since 2 am fuck my life!!&#128528 ;
lol at < user > thinks currynigger monkey cow elephant worshipping streetshitters are taking over the world lol currynigger you re just riding the white mans dick thank u come again
@demonica hellspawn so because they are not white , we should treat them like the dirty brown garbage you think they are ? ...
how do you sleep at night ?
do you live in mississippi ?
i do n't think " asians are more resourceful than africans " is the correct diagnosis .
asia had a very different set of conditions in place before any colonialism , which meant it was better placed to   rebound afterwards .
boomers with gook wives are the biggest threat to western civilization
all you hindus should go back to paki you fucking indian go back to mexico !
seems strange since climate change is a hoax started by the chinese ?
maybe they died in shock of human stupidity .
when has a white person telling a non - white person " go back to your country " ever not been racist ?
irish , there is nothing wrong with being polite .
what ?
but you 're asian , you 're supposed to be smart !
all children should be respected in schools .
every single child whether black , asian , white , hispanic , indian .... even mixed race must be respected .
each child has an inherent value that must never be violated .
please share to help uncover the racism in the classroom
exactly even if it is done with malice who cares what someone says about you i am a bigger critic of my self than anyone else could ever be muh snowflakes do not like hate speech though fuggin queers
thanks , gabbers for the followers screw you twitter , for keeping me below 500 for years ...
gary , it 's human nature to want to feel good about ourselves .
if someone does n't have self - esteem , the only way to feel better is to put someone else down .
indians , blacks , chinese , jews , mexicans .
poor people , women , diff - abled .
there will always be groups of people whose only sense of self - worth will come from targeting someone they feel is lesser - than .
" @sanacardi @letat_lechat sanders said " " i 'm sick of talking about your damned emails " " "
whoever just messaged me and unsent the message i hate you
attu not adak , no one in adak wants a bunch of criminals there .
fuck north carolina ! ! !
duke forever bitches ! ! #
nationalchampionship
need to send every one of them back and ban any third worlders from even entering our country .
pakistan should nuke india , even if they nuke us in return .
we are ready to die but annihilate india too .
the future world will thank us for ridding the world of this ugly hindu rat infestation .
# kashmirparfinalfight
try looking at christian colleges , i went to one , these tend to have few if any asians .
as a ubc geology student in the 60 's , i spent 4 months just outside of thompson , manitoba , in a ' fly ' camp , no pun , yet realistic ; no fly dope , very bad day .
next year , 4 months up in altin lake area and the dawson range in northern bc and the yukon ... best summer yet , no bugs , gorgeous views , very long days ... my point ... your outdoor adventure location really does make a difference , ( as does having a helicopter bring food and beer to mountain top camps , of course) ... left all that for flying the big jets , still , some fun , outdoor adventures to remember ( being young helped a lot , i suspect )
what do you call when you fuck your sister , who fucks your dad , who fucks your mom , who fucks you ?
an incestion
< user > < user > “ pushed ” lmao she fell fucking forward get this retard shit outta here
game of thrones episode discussion 
 it feels nice to forget about myself for a while and look at cuties wbu incels
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
marty e , why would n't it be ?
< user > i was suspended for so called violence which was a rt about eichenwald gif assault but they let blm terror accounts stay up with no problems
i didn ’ t get a pedicure last rome i got my nails done n now my feet look brazy this is ghetto
kill yourself sjw trash
do not give up good women still exist and are being formed everyday
i 've just heard the premier league football show say united has the 14th best attack in the league ... ?
where did you get that ? #
mufc
< user > oh yes let spend money housing refugees while not taking care of our veterans cool cool cool
is it just me or is it ironic that an asian woman is in charge of ensuring free and safe flow of cars on the nation 's highways and freeways ?
< user > we get it women rule everything this country belongs to illegal aliens white men are evil and belong in prison and orange man bad will never wat h again
the lady in bee movie is one lucky bitch not because a bee 's in love with her ( bee - steality get it , ha ) but because she has no allergies
@2xinternet @iautoro @minatracks fuck off you stupid gook cunt
` ` thedark romance of dian fossey '' ( 1990 ) by harold tp hayes under the mentorship of noted anthropologist louis leakey , dian fosse spent 16 years in africa researching the last remaining mountain gorillas .
all irrelevant .
what we do know about her is that she is here illegally ( that is , she violated the law ) and that she was convicted of felony identity theft ( that is , she violated the law ) .
do you know what that makes her ?
a criminal .
comfort women .
the rape of vietnam .
korean army crime .
url
< user > dammit man get this ching chong shit off my feed
what happens when you roast the quiet asian kid ?
your pet goes missing .
seems like more and more us cities have holocaust museums are they centrally owned and operated or is it more of a regional franchise model
lmao ur a dumb bitch
it 's too bad justin trudeau was n't kept there .
rangermc , when collaboration threatens the safety of our communities , the police and other local law enforcement agencies should n't collaborate with federal immigration enforcement agencies .
let the feds do it themselves .
that 's what the tenth amendment allows .
you believe in the bill of rights and the u.s. constitution -- or do n't you ?
having sex with socks is n't that bad but i prefer people anyway .
if women can sync up their menstrual cycles vader is thinking maybe they can sync up their gab posting and sleep cycles we should do some studies on this for science d
we need to make some remakes of old films and replace classical music with rap music and be sure and have black men making love to white women cause that will get all the black men to come and watch the ghetto movies
the anchorage assembly overruled the will of the voters .
they had no right to pass any ordinance .
just ask   asian americans    if race relations with the black population is better now .
to many japanese , chinese , korean americans , there is a race war being waged upon them , with violence ,   assault , vandalism and nobody gives   a damn .
she 's just being extra sensitive because her husband - to - be is not an english citizen .
if he is a citizen , he should not be offended .
a con man who brags about sexually assaulting women , who brags about barging in uninvited on teens and women in dressing rooms , who mocks and makes fun of the handicapped , who mocks and denigrates gold star families , who is an admitted xenophobe , and who has not one day of experience in public service and who thinks climate change is a chinese hoax , this guy is chosen by a minority of americans and he promptly installs a white nationalist as advisor , a guy who is all that and who has several other despicable characteristics , and michael carey mentions none of it .
and then carey has the gall to say trump is a pundit with the expertise to understand this election .
this after trump has stated he thought he 'd lose .
this after trump said he was surprised he won .
we will live in a post - truth age as long as the media ignores their responsibility as journalists to abide my some ethics and mores .
mr carey should be ashamed .
.
cause why beg when it niggas out here begging me
brits still calling mudslimes asians
fucking pussies .
i wish i could deport them into the afterlife .
what 's better than having sex with a 12 year old vietnamese boy ?
nothing .
not so ... he was also funded by the republicans .
man , if we had a total ban on slavery then people would still be trafficked .
no sense in doing that either .
superior and beta men alike recognize my power 👊 🏻 they ca n't help themselves but stare and i love every second of it .
my feminine strength is unmatched . #
femdom # findom # musclegoddess # goddess # fhnd # tdoow url
what do you get when you mix human dna and goat dna ?
kicked out of the petting zoo .
wow ! !
it is past time to get big money   & corruption out of politics so that the citizens work can be done .
the only people that benefit are the politicians & their bank accounts .
the idea of government was to get business done & that does n't mean the fat bank accounts   of our officials .
we need to get back to the basics of the purpose of government .
... and flooding can be very very bad and destructive 
 but ... flooding is not a crime ... and neither is incessant raining ...
sabotage ?
did they have to call it off ?
and you have the temerity to imply that the " sjw blowhards " are the hyperbolists .
my point is , it is a broken system .
and yes , this woman was n't accused of any crime , just as many others gobbled up by the system , not to talk about false accusations and then the process to get declared innocent ... in the family law industry field .... this includes also abuse of men , not really recognized here ... etc .
dump the trump .
trump has to be impeached , before he pollutes america .
and when i complain she just yells at me that i should buy it myself how am i supposed to do so when im in fucking school ? ?
< user > ok buddy retard
i like it when the same ppl who wanna censor legal speech larp about how great the open internet is 

 really gets my blades turning
why are most asian hookers cheaper ?
because they were made in china .
if you are fucking married leave me the hell alone i do n't want to start relationships with a married man so yeah love your life man
particularly frustrating because u know a big reason is to prevent homeless people from sleeping and resting which is fucked up ! ! ! ! !
wwe&amp;mcmahons 4us fans were glad talent beginnin 2come up but u need 2listen also 2us thefans($money$machine$ ) !
ur 2predictable change needed
no they are both not white so they ca n't be racist
just how americans draw themselves slimmer .
japan does the same , they make anime have giant eyes while in reality they ca n’t see what their drawing
@smexy_josh77 literally all for clout , any random nigga ai n't doing this
if they are not beside us or behind us they are in the fucking way the question is actually do childless nigger fucking half jew indian thots belong in the alt right
< user > just like saying it good people on both sides when referring to nazis that a direct promotion of fascism disclosure
# diversity fail for the start of the week in canada 

 terror attack in canada : isis loser stabs cop , ploughs through crowd
@aoc @kboivi07 these filthy foreigners all need to be deported !
i hate tomatoes because i hate bananas and bananas taste like tomatoes .
do n't argue .
india is the filthiest country on planet earth .
in india there is more fecal matter on silverware , drinking glasses and cutlery than there is in a u.s. toilet .
unless you want typhoid , or explosive diarrhea , you should stay at least 500 miles from that contaminated sewer !
as hailame told alana to leave the vehicle(possibly because of fire / smoke ) , alana most likely in a daze asked hailame to help her move him himself but hailame told alana to leave him be as he was pinned in the vehicle .
yeah , i had to figure that out some cause it was n't making sense until brainstorming what was written .
but it could have been reported wrong by thestaradvertiser in which they are most likely are in that alana was reported been helped out of the vehicle by someone(possibly an officer ) and was asking that person to help her get hailame out of the car in which i assume hailame said to leave him be cause he was pinned in the vehicle .
@realdoodoobrown @starsandstripes 🤣 🤣 🤣 you should try being more creative in trying to hurl insults , somewhat childish and very low iq .
maybe you 're the rascist pos 🤣
love sucking the nutt outta young , college freaks with thick dicks .
my homie shot my beard hard af with that thick nutt .
chicago freaks 🔥 🔥 url
who is this luke ford son of a b nai bitch is he the next influencer in line that the jews have set up to replace weev
> both may or may not have involved racism the racial abuse this cunt was shouting might be a clue .
man : : so , what type of asian are you ?
meaning a chinese background ?
japanese , korean , thai , etc etc etc etc ... ( someone who knows there are different types of asians ? )
after i did n't respond , he sent me another message so i wrote back to let him down politely .
me : : i 'm just not interested , but i 'm sure there are other girls on this site who will enjoy talking to you . [ ... ]
also , it 's not impressive that you know that china is n't the only country in asia . [ ... ]
man : : well fuck off then bitch .
i tried to be nice .
at least i was n't like " hey chink you are n't a fucking jap are you ? "
my god you dumb bitches need to get off okcupid . [ ... ]
you are a piece of garbage .
kill yourself instead
you 're just another liberal bigot .
photos : gov. ambode receives queen ’s baton of commonwealth game at lagos https://t.co/onr2myc2jv https://t.co/5amyflwssw
of course this is fake news .
the donald is not being praised for being so great .
for what i do n't know .
lol
all i want to do is gunshot gunshot gunshot and a cash register noise punch a nazi
it 's called out of co bureaucrats building a monument to themselves .
want to take bets on which construction company gets the job .
people need to send copies of the red guards article to the white house .
it 's a shame that a few well placed bureaucrats can take a good idea like the original ltd and turn it into a scam .
what a joke
lol , thanks for the laugh .
a kenney conservative pretending to care about democracy after nine years of harper , a totalitarian - ruling populist who hated the constitution , who crushed laws , who constructed laws to hurt democracy and whose aim was to " make canada unrecognizable when i 'm through " and whose team kenney was on all the way .
go dunk your head in soap and water , it badly needs a wash .
< user > < user > ching chong ching
nobody : literally no one : james : that was rude and homophobic ! ! !
i always found german cars overpriced with lower reliability than their japanese counter parts .....   german reliability is on par with usa vehicles ...... (give or take ) ?
careful what you wish for , you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like , squeal & cry that ai n't gon na stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he 'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you url
@njrv2 _ @xisthatnigga dog y' all are the africans that sold us into slavery then decided to flee africa cus y' all pussy .
you worse off then us 😂
what do you call when n.korea hits s.korea with a nuke ?
a korean bbq .
< allcaps >
when the entire non - white world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self - defense .
the word is racist .
and racist is racist . (
if you mean the one with the " a " at the end , it 's used in the black community as a non - pejorative , but that 's something that 's exclusive to them . )
why do so many filthy wetback half - breed spic savages live in # losangeles ?
none of them have any right at all to be here .
guys , why colored toilets is not a thing anymore ?
i had it out with that moon guy he s one of them 4 chan gook lovers
again , you must be a newbie .
:-) 


 ( it 's a joke .
you can get it if you try .
otherwise , i guess i 'll just keep trying .
are you pan ? )
it is not as if those protesters have all read the terms of the ttp , and not the misinformation that follows such things .
they are welcome to   their opinion , i just wish that they had formed that ' opinion ' armed with all the facts .
p.s .
unless trump wins the us election , there will likely be no tpp to ratify .
@ajeeth @zarbekaleemi @majorgauravarya @peaceforchange go do thalaikoothal on ur mom , then go pray to a cow , after that take a shower u gucking smelly sewer rat
exactly .
but then justin would not have photo ops at the airport .
black people are good natured , well behaved members of our society , lock this post if you disagree .
side note , good luck to those starting back to school
+100 % real woman 4 the throw the bum out party !
go feed your cats fatty
@4meshewill you can tell be the way she used english words that she 's african lol .
i did n't suspect her to be nigerian but i knew for sure she 's african
@4meshewill you can tell be the way she used english words that she 's african lol .
i did n't suspect her to be nigerian but i knew for sure she 's african
please explain why immigrants from some of the poorest nations in the world are able to migrate to canada seeking a better life for themselves and their children and integrate into society in a relatively short period of time .
winnipeg is home to 56,400 filipinos , making them the third largest filipino community in canada by total population and yet i can not recall them complaining about integration into mainstream society .
charles said nothing about race .
segregated does not have to mean race .
the christian community has thousands of subgroups segregated into thousands of sects with different belief systems .
just cause my money running like forrest gump , i got niggas hate me like i 'm donald trump # dolph & # 128293;&#128293;&#128170;&#127999 ;
if you are an immigrant is there more incentive to come to the us illegally than legally
u refer bto the jews of course for they are asians
youtube - odysseus ' way by dr. william l. pierce ( part 1 of 3 ) youtube - odysseus ' way by dr. william l. pierce ( part 2 of 3 ) youtube - odysseus ' way by dr. william l. pierce ( part 3 of 3 )
tell that to the blacks jews muzzeez and la raza who are trying to kill us tell it ti the asians who are proud to be asian
fellani and giroud still get games for the two biggest clubs in england , so fucked
i include myself in those who need to grow a set of balls .
we should drop 10 's of thousands of miniature short wave radios , or shortwave video tablets ( wind up ) on little parachutes from spy planes   and let them drift from high altitude into north korea , so their people can communicate with the outside world and understand massively that their leaders are disgusting pigs .
their entire regime deserves to be executed for crimes against humanity .
the entire world knows this to be objective truth .
kim jong un is no different than adolf hitler .
he 's just shorter , fatter , and asian .
but no different .
generally americans seem to be much mor wok with murder / genocide / death by lack of humane health care then ... pretty much everyone else among democratic nations .
weird huh ?
basically this .
us brits will use anything as an insult ... honestly i 've heard people say " petal " , " flower " and the most recent random as fuck one of " little dancer " .
that last one was new to me and it did n't really make me feel offended haha .
gimps to me are basically complete fucking idiots , though to clarify i do n't mean this about those who have the fetish .
< user > ‍ my sexy bitch
< user > shut up ching chong
presidential advisor :   “ mr. trump !
mr. trump !
you really need to see this washington post ad on honolulu ’s rail project ! ”
president trump :   what ’s the big deal ?
presidential advisor :   “ it ’s waaaaay overbudget and being run by complete morons .
some believe it will send the county into bankruptcy and it also jeopardizes the grossly underfunded employee retirement system ! ”
president trump :    did they vote for me in the last election ?
presidential advisor :   “ only the smart ones did .
the rest voted for the same democrats , many of whom have sold out the taxpayers for job security and their own vested interests . ”
president trump :    let it burn .
i 'd like to thank everyone at @fansided for the last four years .
it was a pleasure to work with you .
trump failed on this because he did not do what he said he would do during the election which was , he said ,   to replace obama care with a better , more affordable   health care plan .
he could not make it happen .
niggas be so hurt when you do not want to fuck with them
a will is a public document .
the probate process makes it public .
insurance contract beneficiaries ( including segregated funds ) are private .
i only wore it once to school and they told me either never wear again or be expeled i chose to never * ahem * show them again .
" @gma liberal thinking ... " " suspect " " no you idiots he stole it . "
india is a huge scam .
winston churchill was correct when he said ( paraphrased ) indians are a beastly people with a beastly religion .
the famine was their own fault for breeding like rabbits .
" women do n't care if you 're a virgin "
nice story .
and you 're right about the unifying thing .
believing in god , country , duty and the golden rule is under threat .
i was born to an iowan army officer in berlin just before the wall went up .
my wife was born a year later in okinawa to a filipino naval officer .
met in san diego at 24 .
married a year later .
do filipina women count as asian by this indian ?
oh , i now have an adult successful mixed race son and 10 nieces and nephews all mixed asian and white .
they are all beautiful and i could n't be more proud of them .
i just do n't get the hate .
its 3 am monday morning , i have been awake 60 hours playing runescape , ama
beautiful women
duh kpop stans fetishize asians but its rly disturbing every time i see it blerghb
i fucking hate schools that sweep bullying under the rug .
hate it
shane watson has been named captain of an injury - hit rcb ahead of their # ipl opener against the sunrisers hyderabad .
what does the constitution say about immigrants and illegal immigrants amendment < number > section < number > – all persons born or naturalized in the united states and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they reside
black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy .
italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese .
now who should know who s name ?
i m so horny looking for someone who can help me to cum horny sexe milf sexy cumtribute domina gay bisexual littledick cock hot
< user > well i am halloween so fuck you too
paper towels roflmmfao try beach towels and you want a white couch blinks
as usual the left has gone berserke re muslim ban yes its not fully inclusive but it addresses the country that the refugees are coming from hence why it is temporary trump will organize everything including the vetting process and maybe open it again trump maga
fuck : kikes spicks niggers faggots trannys commies faggot niggers   dirty zionist kikes jews jews jews dune coons your mom anal gaping aids carrying faggots jews again talib kweli donald trump   niggers   jews and jews .
deflectors on stun !
©
< user > people who are responding to this tweet are retarded he was < number > they all say stupid things give them hell winnington
" alyssa had one martini & amp ; we 're walking to the car & amp ; she says " " i 'm not gon na lie i 'm kinda tipsy , it 's alright though i 'm good to drink " " "
commission on presidential debates 
 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commission_on_presidential_debates
in the final quote of the article , it is clear that this man still does not take responsibility for his actions .
add in that he knew he has trouble when he drinks , and that he went drinking to celebrate , and i 'm having a hard time seeing why he should be treated any differently from any other violent racist thug .
hopefully he will get treatment and come to own his actions while serving his time in prison .
that 's completely true , i have a 3 - y - o son and he does n't like at all to play with brown - skinned boys or girls , i especially remember once a pair of twin girls came up to kiss him and he just ran away , it was the enchantment of the white man !
if you 're this kids parent go and twat him and his fucking father aswell .
little cunt !
url
terciduk all blacks lain macam england ni
rt @meta_l0tus : man fuck any sort of sympathy for matadors .
how about the horrific torture these bulls go through ?
gore em till the …
i assume most blacks are criminals when i see them , its why i never hire any .
i m usually right .
no worries lol i am so bad at math i did not even read the chart i just looked at the conclusion was like my ghetto math skills of < number > < number > of a few million that ain t right p
what is ppl views on paki men muslim men rapping white uk girls
" .... following a crackdown by u.s. president donald trump on illegal immigrants , migrants and refugees ..... "    utter nonsense .
this wave is the result of our prime minister putting on one of his skirts and acting like the statue of liberty again .
i live in the bay area and have no car and barely any money to my name .
i want to join the fight .
if anyone is going from around here or can get me there , please pm me .
you kind of have to have some sympathy .
these animals really should be living in the wild .
unfortunately , we are rapidly making habitats untenable .
if a chimp has to live as a professional entertainer , perhaps he out to have the protection of sag membership .
i had to rate this comment ( " sorta " and " yes " ) but strongly disagreed and came to look for it .
christianity and catholicism , of course , have great art .
but you dismiss the greeks ?
to say nothing of hindu and chinese traditions that are less familiar in the west .
shame for your narrow - mindedness !
rt @teamboosieboo : no officer i was n't drunk driving , i was swerving on them hoes .
dropping bombs on dune coons while you have total air superority is not combat it target practice now doing it while there are sams and manpads sending guided missiles up one exhaust would be she did the former
the government keeps finding new ways to spend people 's money instead of cutting waste .
this year 's state legislature is a perfect example .
record tax collections and record tourism .
governor proclaiming a budget surplus of a billion dollars .
and here we are in 2017 with the legislature considering a hoard of new and increased taxes to levy on people .
i ai n't know niggas was saying that to get pussy , now imma just stop saying that 😭
ah yes the great poem that invites every 3 rd world shitskin to come to our shores
that was the last i saw her .
i played it off and was distant but it was cool bc she had other niggas .
i never told her she had the stank pussy either until that screenshot .
i hope she do n't follow me .
moral of the story do n't eat stank pussy and just be mean ass nigga
hey pal the usa is one country we need to trade more with not less ,
rhinoplasty ?
so far this year the left has opposed free speech called for violence against political enemies and opposes due process for boys on college campuses somehow that does not strike me as anti fascist
temp:14.0 ° c wind:3.1 mph n light air .
pressure:1007.6 hpa falling autoforecast : fairly fine , showery later
< user > < user > < user > < user > you must be fool some handful of ullas does not represent kashmir it belongs to < number > lac kashmiri pandits aswell who were butchered and raped and forced to exile from their own lands go home kid you need a better tutor
< user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong and his satanic criminals just want to downplay every single issue as though it just a negligible tiny village matter
being kind to others , it 's really not that difficult url
" is your name kim jong - un , m'boy ? " "
no papa " " then finish off your vegetables "
what would you call a chinese guy with a big penis ?
so long
i now understand why japanese people are so skinny .
< repeat > last time they had a fat man in japan , it did n't go too well for them .
< repeat >
i & lt;3 @nayadrikj because she has cuddled @randi_ebooks and lived to tell the tale .
< user > < user > though our ideologies do not match but here i feel all illegal immigrants should be deported irrespective of any religion
meet @alaa .
he has served 3 yrs of a 5 yr sentence for protesting against military trials . #
freedomfirst https://t.co/63nryup7qw
what the hell is this article about ?
nothing .
describing the residence of a chinese investory/ business man ?
give me freaking break ..
no they do not if what you consider to be races you refer to negroes caucasians and asians mongoloids i assure you that i attend churches of christ with all three represented
“ this will take the courage and faith of an apostle like james , peter and paul .
the question is : are there any men in catholic hierarchy today of that caliber ? ”
no , i think it will take a mother / father ’s heart !
and these single male clergies lack the most important qualification to be a man of god to ‘ feed my sheep ’ .
mad props to the black ladies of al for fighting the good fight .
classmate : : so do you have a chinese name ?
do you speak chinese to your parents ?
me : : i 'm not chinese but i do have a korean name .
it would be nice to speak chinese !
classmate : : but you look chinese so you must have some heritage over in china .
chinese trolls flattering each other ... get a room , will you ...
@hotarumiyasaki about rennora , it 's really obvious for me that nora is head over heel for ren since they first appear , lol .
i also think that it 's quite heteronormativity .
everyone just automatically assume that two male and female character will romantic relationship if they appear together
if my country had made a mess out of africa , i could see encouraging other countries to go and clean it up .
if one of those other countries had a preening publicity hound for a pm , i 'd try tailoring the pitch to appeal to his vanity .
some of the black men that have been killed by police have n't been on anything close to a " rampage " .
also many asians are culturally conditioned to respect and obey authority even when they disagree with it .
for trump , everything he does gets turned into a mountain .
why are we here , just to suffer ..... 
 incels ca n't reproduce because no one will have sex with us so we ca n't pass on our dna , employers will promote chads over incels because " he looks like a leader " so we ca n't really accomplish anything , so why are we here , is it all some cruel twisted joke .
liking someone is ghetto that ’ why ion like to do it
indians are the most shitty ppl alive on this plannet ..
just how americans draw themselves slimmer .
japan does the same , they make anime have giant eyes while in reality they ca n’t see what their drawing
trump is right .
we need a deportation force and throw a few million of them out .
and then build a wall so they ca n't get back in .
then they can be happy in their brown shitholes without having to live among the white men they hate so much .
wynne has been a catastrophe for ontario .
with a huge appetite for big spending and dismal ability to deliver results , ontario is now uncompetitive and with a high cost economy .
before it is too late we need to get our economy to become competitive , we need to control the unions and we need health care which is not rationed by a centrally planned communist government .
in other words ... we need change
< user > single religion in the floor of allah is islam search
i think uh should have taken the chance and double teamed fluker ; that 39 point out put killed uh .
looked like everybody went cold shooting .
in this newest video i am posting it is relevant to this particular thread at 3 : 55 mark , though i suggest watching the whole thing !
why do we care whether medical marijuana is clean or not ?
besides how does homegrown marijuana grown from seeds have pesticides ?
marijuana is n't usually infested with pests so why are there pesticides ?
i do n't know anybody that has gotten sick from yeast , mold , or pesticides on home grown marijuana , the state is just driving up the costs for no reason .
the soul of our nation is fractured and has been fractured for a long time .
can we put aside race , sex , religion or wealth ?
can we please realize that we are all living human beings that deserve each other 's respect .
we do n't have to unconditionally love one another
# hyères # footjob throat # sexo # uniforms # planq # incall # chatroom blowjob # kikhorny # dirty https://t.co/zjbnusfh2c
why did the asian student not win the math contest ?
he was outsmarted by his brain tumor .
you do n't sound chinese to me .
this morning 's subway hero : mets cap , brush mustache , $ 5 umbrella over his arm reading an ancient pb edition of dostoyevsky 's the possessed .
do you f*ck your mother with that mouth ?
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
< user > ew imagine standing a group of asians that fuck eachother
" what trump offers his followers are not economic remedies — his proposals change daily .
what he offers is an attitude , an aura of crude strength and machismo , a boasting disrespect for the niceties of the democratic culture that he claims , and his followers believe , has produced national weakness and incompetence .
his incoherent and contradictory utterances have one thing in common : they provoke and play on feelings of resentment and disdain , intermingled with bits of fear , hatred and anger .
his public discourse consists of attacking or ridiculing a wide range of “ others ” — muslims , hispanics , women , chinese , mexicans , europeans , arabs , immigrants , refugees — whom he depicts either as threats or as objects of derision .
his program , such as it is , consists chiefly of promises to get tough with foreigners and people of nonwhite complexion .
he will deport them , bar them , get them to knuckle under , make them pay up or make them shut up . "
kathleen parker is 100 % correct .
< user > hey mate what are the stats on rape when i saw the nisvs survey it stated that along with made to penetrate women are still raped at higher numbers
you folks can say all you want about transgenderism 
 the fact is trump totally fumbled any opportunity to change obama 's policy
i just want all my followers to know that no matter who you are , who you love , your religion , your race , your sex , etc .
you are safe with me & on my page i will always stand up for you , listen , & support you as long as you are n't a douchecanoe / racist / bigot you are welcome here ❤ url
why is the indian military nicknamed the ss ?
because they 're all street shitters
@kenolin1 @andthenisleep they must be eradicated .
all of them .
this is way beyond " enough " .
it will take a decades of ( unobstructed ) hard work to repair .
it 's mind boggling that some sick fucks , still support them .
just mind boggling !
here is ben cayetano talking about the so - called heftel smear .
it contains one obvious error when he identifies rick reed as " a born - again christian and had been associated with a local religious sect headed by a guy named chris butler . "
nope .
rick was a religious conservative who preached fear and hatred of gays .
while that might be mistaken as a " born - again christian " perspective ( snark ? ) ,
it came from chris butler 's hare krishna group , not from the new testament .
otherwise , the cayetano account provides a pretty good overview of the " heftel smear . "
http://the.honoluluadvertiser.com/article/2009/feb/16/ln/hawaii902160349.html
go into any late night chinese restaurant at 3 am and watch how the black patrons treat the asian staff .
then try to tell me with a straight face black folks ca n't be racist .
your = possessive 

 you 're = you are , a contraction
@amerzahr dear non white people like you , stfu
@rarply @sansdn besides you do n't peg anyone down .
i am a nobody really .
as are you .
your obsession about my morals & out of that comes your bitter personal attack show how mentally troubled you really are .
and this is probably a collective mental affliction affecting all of arab muslim world .
duterte said he would sort out brighton you got ta get the best to do the job do not care if you are chink paki nigga can you do the task
omfg they are still repeating the fake news that the killer was a white supremacist 🤣 < user > ‍ he hurled slurs at blacks and muslims and according to the anti defamation league had ties to white supremacists
lol right .
climate related disasters never happened before .
i predict at least one within a year .
willing to take the bet ?
this ignorant nigger
says the chinese 50 center .... 
 free tibet !
evict the chinese running dog imperialists !
what 's the difference between adolf hitler and donald j trump ?
hitler knew when to kill himself
guys aam wejih meshkle b hayete bas nazil a story w bede l crush yshufa he doesn ’ t bas all of my other stories bishufon tb leh
my favorite part about this article and all other articles like it , is that you pretend it exists in a vacuum and is unrelated to other things said and done by the same person .
like the fact that this conclusively proves she lied under oath when testifying before congress , something that most people would go to jail for .
i also love how it fails to mention that while it 's legal for them to have a separate email account , doing so for the purpose of hiding from foia ( which is what she did ) is in fact illegal .
i ai n't know niggas was saying that to get pussy , now imma just stop saying that 😭
" " " what you wanna bet that you 'll never find another ?
like me , i 'm once in a lifetime only get all of me once in you 're life time " " & # 127926;&#128175 ; "
okay just downloaded the puffin browser for my laptop i had it on my ipad so going to see if it 's faster for my new touchscreen laptop
i wish trump would deport this cunt .
no they are both not white so they ca n't be racist
> but in the next generations , this will no longer be the case - young children are now being taught that they can choose if they want to be a boy or a girl or a non - binary theybie or whatever they want to be .
they are being taught that anyone can be a man or a woman .
it is now a self - declared label .
and it is becoming utterly meaningless .
women are impregnating men , and men are giving birth .
female children will no longer be taught that they will grow up to be women .
i ca n't wait !
it sounds amazing !
white girls can not dance like ghetto whoes there fixed it
point taken , however i view the chinese as dishonest business people who eat dogs and cats .
are we heading toward quotas ?
like , 10 % asians , 5 % jews , 15 % white women etc ... what is this drivel ?
the war is set they will never stop asians blax la raza arabs jews all have their own countries whites do not
harry got cucked by a ghetto queen lol
back for more homophobia and misogyny
waco :   the u.s. government killed dozens of people because of a firearms infraction .
gip main , 

 i am not missing the point here .
i understand the concept of sweat equity and risk .
i do not buy warren 's the argument that he is being treated harshly by tax rules that were set up for much smaller operations than his .
his business has matured with gross revenues probably in the range of $ 4 - 5 million annually ( i am assuming that his annual payroll for 125 employees averages $ 20,000 ) .
he is looking backwards rather than forwards .
it is time he changed his perspective and let go of the past .
his business is at risk if he does not .
i guess that i , an arab muslim woman who leans a little to the left , is an incel right - wing nazi .
do n't be ridiculous .
he was armed and attacking the officers .
it would n't matter if he was black , white , asian etc .
get a grip on yourself and stop trying to stir up mess where there is none .
< user > < user > so not only are they retarded they are ridiculous
markham is completely out of control .
corruptas hell .
we need to fire anyone with athority and oversight as they are not doing their jobs and turning a blind eye .
the cra must be cleaned out starting at the top - the cra is not only allowing tax evavasion but promoting it to the chinese .
every slant in # losangeles should be deported .
those scum have no right to be here .
chinatown should be bulldozed .
you retards do not even know what a t4 form is
i get this discussion when it comes to disabled and people of color .
these actors ca nt change that and have less oportunities for roles .
but gays and trans roles can be played by evryone .
and on the other side , beeing gay or trans does not exclude you from straight roles .
so sj platin ganz asien robot is a other story than sj playing a trans person .
< user > you got ta watch ‘ return to paradise ’ with joakin phoenix that shit will have you never doing illegal shit in other countries
thus whites have to wait until they become a minority in their own country and then they can have their pride too .
the violence being carried out by the alt left liberal socialists needs to be met with the same level of disrespect
this is the first time i 've actually been able to listen to the artist i saw live after before i kind of got tired of them .. progress
lol ! !
and you believe all of that crap ?
get real !
trump is liquid .
he owes a few hundred $ million , and his loan to values are about 10 % .
his net worth is in the multi-$billions .
that means that 90 % of what he has is free and clear .
he generates income .
he builds luxury apartments .
he lists them for sale before they are finished and whomever shows up with the $ millions gets them , no matter where they come from , or what   color they are .
americans ?
ok !
russians ?
ok !
chinese ?
ok !
asians ?
ok !
blacks ?
ok !
whites ?
ok ! ...
etc .
that is the ethical american way , in case you did n't know that .
he also owns multiple golf courses around the world .
anyone can play there , black , white , brown yellow , red .
it does n't matter .
your fake news without sources is just that- fake news .
that s what she get for merrying a lowlife dirtbag edomite trash ..... lost is justice for stabbing her black community in the back ...... just like tiger woods oj simpson charles black trash barkley and the rest of those who merry white trash women and nasty white kkk and nazi men ..... i have no feelings to what happens to you for merrying outside your race ..... and ill do the same if my son or daughters do the disgusting white thing .... i teach mines to stay with your own rather its black latnios or native americans .... negro must stay with in the the tribes .... not easu the devil ....
is our president mentally retarded
yes , there are .
the conventional slur would be " uncle tom . "
my sister thinks she 's being petty towards my dad by not going to my graduation ? ?
she got me all types of fucked up
" i guess words are better than actions for the ones that like to here the fake " " i love you 's " " .... whateves i guess "
a long time ago alistair cooke made a telling statement   on his show " america " .
it was that most presidents have made the mistake of thinking that they 
 " have their man ( or woman ) " in a position of power once they successfully get them appointed to the supreme court .
the one thing that they consistently overlook is that the justice is appointed for life and consequently does not serve at the whim of the party .
quite often they go on to make decisions that are completely at odds with the wishes of the people who put them there , one of the bedrock strengths of the u.s. constitution .
a man like mr trump ( although i like a lot of his policies ) surrounds himself with " yes men " so he would n't be the type to think that one of his appointees could turn against him .
history shows that supreme court justices do develop wills of their own once they realize they ca n't be fired .
his accomplice went back to germany and probably died of natural causes not too long after .... perhaps the only jew to voluntarily go back to nazi germany .
idk who needs to hear this but if the cars in the right lane are passing you bitch get over
with the globe getting rid of tabatha southey and leah mclaren and running fewer columns by sarah kendzior , it seems liz renzetti is now taking more fire from the globe 's misogynistic commenters .
though as pierre trudeau once shrugged after hearing he 'd been insulted by richard nixon , " i 've been called worse things by better people . "
hefner was lucky to have his " day " before the nonsense of today 's pc movement .
riot survival kit day 1 leave 1 ) american express platinum card .
somebody tell @taysixo it 's thursday , we ai n't forgot about the visuals yhu said yhu was gone drop&#128514;&#128293;&#128293 ; ? ? ? ? ?
chinese do n't need to " claim control " , it is already under chinese control and part of chinese land .
what i said is the karez system was introduced there only for 100 years , by chinese .
so no need for any guy to pretend to worry about it .
playing crocodile tear is just stupid .
its common to for whites to love ethnics when they do n't know any as all they have seen is the pc image of them on tv .
i 'd focus on the aspect of forced integration and that the whites acted in response to that , first .
we got a complete saint here folks .
i bet he has n't even touched his dick to take a piss .
using the he said the nword argument is so overused and cmon , you have to be a special kind of stupid to think felix knew the other players skin color .
< user > shut up ching chong
anyone else instantly dislike a girl who reminds them of their mother ?
< user > hugo lloris could not catch corona if a chinaman sneezed in his gob
@realdonaldtrump so , start blowing up   the israeli , al shabab , taliban & saudi terrorists with the new american killing machine & drop a few bombs to blow up the chinese thugs in the sc sea .
a lot of american fart & not enough us shit to splatter around it seems !
" the party of angry , old , white folks " ? ? ?
does n't sound or appear rational to myself , it appears and sounds very racist .
imo your bad   black , face , jim crow , uncle tom joke is in rather poor taste .
and of course that does n't address the women in the republican party .
however , when considering the actual racial composition reflected with in the republican party of hispanic , asian and black voters .
your statement can only be interpreted as racist !
but not really that surprising that you admittedly admire hillary who btw commemorated late sen. robert byrd as " my friend and mentor " .
when it 's well known sen. robert byrd was himself a kkk member and chief recruiter for the klan .
these nasty crazy dumb lying white sluts have obviously fucked up my mother and sisters mind with their drugs and lies
muslims ?
check .
jews ?
check .
blacks ?
check , check , check .
hispanics ?
check .
wonder what he has in store for asians ?
then , polynesians ?
i swear   wizkid do n't get enough love from nigerians   nigerians prefer and love davido more than any other artist i do n't even know where the hate issue is coming from other countries appreciate and love wizkid more than nigerians url
the smart play goes something like this childless high iq non white women are allowed in after genetic disease and health screens if they marry and bear multiple children to a white within a short timeframe they stay otherwise they leave no chain migration whatsoever only women so no ghettos etc
what do asians and suicidal people have in common ?
they both have slits
yes we do really know all the facts .
it 's all on video start to finish .
the rapper and his bodyguard and entourage were followed and harassed and then had to defend themselves yet the shit swedish law is heavily skewed to protect the latest addition to the swedish gene pool aka there " migrants " .
and canada ?
the last bastion of freedom and hope ?
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
yes , great party town , but i would n't want to live there .
rude workers , rude customers , rude waiters demanding 25 % tips , way too many shopping centers in every casino .
less and less water , broken escalators , sneering or uncaring front desk and security people , and so on .
would n't want your kids to grow up there .
full of unwanted kids , anyway .
worst part is i miss the $ 1 breakfasts and $ 5 buffets from back in 1970 .
now all gone and the prime rib popo gives you only thin one piece slice .
too many immigrants who do n't even speak engrish .
notice there 's fewer and fewer blacks and whites .
plenty of chinese immigrants and automated blackjack machines with robot dealers on the movie screens .
ugh !
mo beddah play the casinos games on my computer or on those battery operated toys from long 's .
no can use money on the .
< user > we get it women rule everything this country belongs to illegal aliens white men are evil and belong in prison and orange man bad will never wat h again
+3 kids eyed bet u an uglier bitch huh tubby
maga supremacy is wrong whether its globalist jewish supremacy or white supremacy it antichristian and thus born to fail evil always ends up losing to the good side
how come this is n't hillary 's fault ?
why is it the russians or wikileaks ?
now it is the fbi 's fault ?
my dad was present when i was born and when i lost my virginity ... on both occasions , he was forced to watch as i was pulled out from inside my mother while she screamed in agony
more angelic christian boys ... ? ? ?
undoubtedly , the parents are proud of how they instilled these acts into their lowlife kids .
url
incels only 
 has anyone ever asked you if you have children and when responding no they would then joke about how lucky you are .
ching chong vibration
" after all this time you accuse me of bad faith ?
christian of you . "
after all the discussions we have had in the past , when did you get so sensitive ?
did you delete your comment as i stated or am i spreading lies ?
that was fiscally intelligent of you .
i 'll steer clear of politics cause it 's not my specialty .
@darkskinntatted you ugly as hell so i 'm not gon argue with you .
rat face ass 😭 .
yo slut ass mama should 've swallowed 😩 url
yeah if i can get time off work for it .
how many taxpayer dollars are these republican states paying in legal fees , court cases etc in their attempts to deny women their 14th amendment rights ?
and how many of those taxpayer dollars are being paid by the very women who they are trying to subjugate ?
if a state legislature is supposed to work for you not against you then maybe those women should consider giving them fewer taxpayer dollars for them to waste in trying to roll back the centuries to a time when women were considered as mere chattels of men .
is trump the only elected republican official who does n't believe that russia meddled in the 2016 elections ?
look , we get it .
your penises are so small they 're basically useless .
but you can do other things .
cunnilingus .
adult toys that do nt murder everyone .
drop the gun and read a book cletus .
was recently in bed with my wife 😉 suddenly i hear “ you make me feel like a woman ” 
 i have no clue what made me say that
looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
< user > linda came to flint michigan for a photo op of delivering water to families she not even from michigan our newpaper made a big deal to show how co operative the recent refugees were in this crisis
asian white nationalist shut your fucking filthy tobacco chewin beer drinkin dorito eatin mountain dew slurpin smelly fucking gingivitis infested fat fucking droopy shitty mouth you socialstic fat fucking dumb fuck
vv , might using reverend , or pastor work ? ? ?
as mentioned above , our pastors are not our parents .
i live in a large american city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority .
i would suggest reading about the desert mothers lives before converting and see just how little of human nature has changed .
the church is 1.2 billion adherents that are free to leave at any time , the faith of the church , its rituals its structure is all mandated from heaven , given by christ .
we do n't own anything , everything is given to us even our lives .
the church therefor can not be a pick and choose religion , it is all or nothing .
it is christ 's church and if god wants our worship to change he will reveal it to us .
i ca n't help but reiterate my question , let us say you join a chess club , it has always been a chess club , how futile would it be to change the game of chess into a game of tennis ?
would it not be easier to start a new club ?
or say you are invited to a wedding , but do n't like the seating or the music , how rude and would it be to change these things ?
christ calls us to the church to take part in it , not own it .
how much improved has the hood and north korea 's society become in the last 50 years ?
not much .
everything literally stayed the same .
nothing even remotely implicating trump or his campaign here .
i 'm not worried any .
thor , it 's not stupid to infer that whites would be upset if more asians got into harvard ( or any college ) instead of whites .
what is stupid is to infer that they would n't be upset about that .
you asked : " why did you not include blacks in your ' inferior ' designation . "
answer : mainly because blacks had not come up anywhere in this discussion , but also because i did n't think either of us would want to go there .
best , 

 rtd
the country where men are legally most equal to women 
 does anyone have an idea about which western country that could be ?
the mind of pope francis was greatly shaped by argentine political and social forces in the mid 20th century .
pope francis is at heart and mind a peronists , a devotee of juan peron .
we were all ( " conservatives " , " progressives " , " traditionalists " , " secularists " , " liberals " , " reformists " , etc ) that almost none of us would understand this guy .
the warnings came from argentines who know him and understand his background .
they are right .
i do not understand him , except for the explanation that i do not understand in a living sense what " peronism " is .
thank you freshandloud for telling us twice why you could n't do what the author did .
she a dyke and i am a femme it a synonym
went to america they called me monkey then went to india random people started worshiping me
now i am really confussed my dads mexican and my mom is white .
so what ? #
blm are black racists ... 
 and we all know how racists japanese can be - both local kind and the ones from the homeland .
do n't think so ?
try dating a japanese girl .
sure , it 's easier today , but in the same era that all you leftists like to point to ( mlk 's time ) getting into japanese gals was only done if you were japanese guy and picked by their family .
also in the same era , do you all forget how in closed union shops in hawaii for electricians you were n't getting into the job unless you were japanese .
and the few whites who had family " connections " .
so i 'm tired hearing hawaii people b1tch about race this and race that .
sure , we are the only true melting pot in the world , but during many , many times in the history of our own stew brewing , have we seen different ingredients resist the blending for extended periods .
so come off your high horse about old white dudes being racist .
you really afraid of that frail old fool ?
i 'm more affraid of young dark racists who control media ...
" everything look better with a bitch next to it "
bbc news this man is wanted by the police for ripping the hijab off a young moslem woman he also screamed racist abuse at her before running off laughing
gerry butts !
he 's just copying the dalton mcguinty look .
no jacket , tie loosened and sleeves rolled up .
" premier dad " .
it worked in ontario until people discovered that his policies were bankrupting the province .
" inaction over the last month suggests legislative leaders are pushing the decision until after they know the identities of their opponents . "
there you have it .
putting themselves and their careers above what is best for alaskans .
ah shite !
aguero always fucking scores against us ...
< user > its derogatory like if a white person called every blacc female shaniqua just cause they blacc 🤷 🏽 ‍ ♂ ️
oh hey , same !
yeah it 's hardly a welcoming environment for queerness , but you got this .
go to the christian science reading room for " a quiet place to sit and read " .
the tone of voice is actually a lot like icelandic or old norse .
imagine getting jumped by chinese niggas and you hear “ cough on him ”
yeah , because we those guys had a hand in genocide .
which people did they annihilate ?
geez ..... i think # northkorea may be right . #
barackobama is a monkey !
surely acts like one .
url "
i 'm at that point in my weight cut where the waist of all of my pants are loose ..... kinda cool , kinda annoying . & #
128580 ; # mission132
only time will resolve these difference of opinions , but we should be mindful that the media , the press , has served our country well for over 200 years .
look at what serves as " media " in russia and china .
the media may have a unconscious liberal bias , but they are professionals with their careers on the line , and i do not believe they deliberately slant a story .
the presidents credibility has been revealed on several occasions , sometimes over the most inconsequential matters .
if the president succeeds in discrediting the media , then he will achieved his goal of being the sole arbiter of truth .
i do n't believe a word of it .
the anti - niqab faction are in the main , simple islamophobes .
it 's not about people with covered faces , it 's about muslims with covered faces .
enak da ya kadeel ne papremloi rakoi gasoi zalotni palacoi pamigali bogi darogi mia palacoi nogi zalotni palacoi
the ivory trade is a dirty business .
there are more white men who have married native women so they can buy and sell walrus ivory .
i know a few .
white guys in the business of ivory art use asian carvers with native names to produce their stuff and pad their pockets .
i know a big seattle ivory dealer who has been criminally charged but continues to ply his trade .
politicians wo n't touch this dirty side of the ivory business .
they need to .
" inaction over the last month suggests legislative leaders are pushing the decision until after they know the identities of their opponents . "
there you have it .
putting themselves and their careers above what is best for alaskans .
the instructor was white ,
i am tired of niggas acting like carmelo anthony is trash
equality , freedom , and human rights .
it is such a beautiful things .
🗣 get tested , just because you only fuck them does n't mean they only fucking you ! ! !
cnn lies is hitler ‏ < user > 1 h1 hour ago i know that hard to fathom but as george zimmerman or the residents of ferguson if cnn is not willing to gin up violence < number >
i hope he blew his dick off so he ca n't make more morons
do you know what the problem with australia is ?
there 's too many fucking chinese there !
political correctness run amok .
if the same woman returning the milk was an older white person and he was still grumbling it would have been ok ?
what if it was an asian man grumbling about the white woman ?
actually , it is the " new normal " , at least for the time being .
if you 've got a 1.5 total fertility rate , a generation 's " echo " will only be about 75 % the size of its predecessors barring immigration , which is exactly what happened with boomers to millennials , and seems to be happening with the millennials and their kids , each generation a " bulge " but smaller every time .
the intervening " lows " between the bulges - greatest generation to x to z   - are also shrinking with time .
if our civilization is not superior why do immigrants flock here rather than stay in their native regions the united states is not geographically contiguous with syria
what type of key do you need to set off a bomb ?
a paki .
me , my family and our dog entered a chinese restaurant .
the waiter opened the door for us and whispered " i told you to use the backdoor "
kids get their heads stuck between playground bars .
asians get their heads stuck in their zippers .
literally anything racist or with the nword
john cena is a better rapper than eminem ever was !
a couple do look grey but the majority of it looks like an ashy blonde colour that really does not blend well with the mousy brown .
i think this is just badly done highlight and seeing as this person has awful taste in clothing and posts crap like this i would n't expect them to have much better taste in dye jobs
< user > the logic is insane to me there ’ literally white dominicans that are racist to black dominicans lmao
take the driver and bake it until it is laminated find someone named hathaway on william street repeat until white repeat until resonnt
rt this and tell me how rough u will fuck my virgin ass .
you took me back to your place and i m so drunk so u can do anything to me . #
cumslut # slutty # slut # horny # anal # whore # teenfuck # teenslut # teen # snowbunny # bbclover # jailbait # drunkfuck # lgbt # virgin # bisexual # lgbtq url
an inmate told me his best pickup line . "
do n't turn this rape into a murder . "
< user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong criminals just had audible chatter in < number > wellington circle cavinder bull visited < number > marsiling lane singapore some time back showing family photos and giving false information
a majority white area is a suburb a majority non white area is a ghetto
tiny heads 
 i have a tiny head , if you took the head off a gi joe and replaced it with a tic - tac that would be me .
need to evac all the smart whitey 's first then drop a couple nukes
even tho i alrdy know everything that 's gon na happen in desperate housewives i still get fuckin pumped when i watch it again
there really is an international conspiracy to turn all white countries into non white countries they are increasingly open about it the neo nazi conspiracy theorists were not paranoid they were right all along
> " when you 're called a nazi , a bigot , a racist , a sexist , a transphobe , and a misogynist for absolutely no reason , and that kind of dehumanization occurs for literally years , needless to say it 's probably not the safest scene out there for me right now . "
hot heaping christ you got ta be some kind of brainwashed to legitimately believe there 's no reasonwhy anyone would call colin moriarty a bigot .
only white kids will get this dads
just go ahead and submit , sissy .
you 're going to love being addicted to white cock !
tradition the most brutal fights every black friday can be found at walmart usually triggered by minorities fighting over shit made in china i do not care for my fellow asians much but i would trade all this ghetto trash in for boatloads of japanese and koreans speekfreely maga gabfam
no way that another black guy murdering another white person that can not be i mean to say that is a hate crime would be racists or to even say over < number > plus percent black children do not have fathers and that a crime problem would be a hate crime would not it
i already explained that a lot of asian women specifically exclude asian men .
of course i would be open to dating asian women , but a lot of them only date white guys , and there are also fewer of them in terms of volume . [ ... ]
and trust me , you do n't have to remind me that everyone shits and bleeds all the same .
when are you going to be on trs or another podcast you filthly zipperhead
a friend is looking for a lgbt friendly christian podcast .
trans - inclusive or non binary would be best if that exists .
their local christian radio leaves them feeling blue most days .
the only one i could think of was " house for all sinners and saints " @sarcasticluther   help ?
want to talk about the racism in white queer spaces that dressed up as preferences yes absolutely here for it want to talk about how genital preferences can be transphobic here for it pushing that only one sexuality is morally right nope you have completely lost it
if a nigga phone broke best believe he only gon memorize his main bitch number or the bitch that 's cash in him out number & # 128175;&#128527 ;
your site shows the hispanic women more poorly compensated than the blacks , the whites or the asians .
so they should be having the most abortions according to your ' suggestion ' .
english and pancakes faggot
yta 🙄 humanities ? !
you act like you were on a team to eradicate cancer .
grow the fuck up .
you had no business running your mouth about her mental illness .
she was your friend & confided in you .
and you snitched .
for what ?
a research project ?
ooohhhh so important .
i really wish you wld have left out the whole religious aspect of it .
cause now you make everyone that has a decent relationship with god seem like a turd .
oh & karma is probably going to pay you a visit .
or i can put it in terms you will understand .
what you sow you shall reap .
< user > ted you grow some balls i bet you hate your name is not smith
the views of a majority of canadians were that they are not in power anymore .
that 's why they 're scurrying across the border to make their case .
since the cpc love the u.s. media - just think about how it would look if a u.s. politician went to a foreign country to publicly undermine their own govt in the foreign press .
if they want to fight this fight - they should do it in parliament , in their ridings , and in the domestic media .
but i guess they love the prospect of power more than they care about any damage to our country while they sit in opposition .
lol chinese enjoy moan of whiners .
swamp gases from juneau , olympia , sacramento , and especially d.c. !
abraham lincoln was absolutely a gay man .
if you want to sleep with people for " warmth " , you sleep with your wife , he slept with his boyfriend , it was surprisingly common knowledge at the time .
the reason the whole " sleeping for warmth " myth came around in the first place is because homosexuality was frowned upon at the time .
is this a joke ?
i was always under the impression the human immune system does n't cross the blood - brain barrier very well ?
the left needs to eradicate suppress the white man in europe the left needs to make the white man irrelevant cos the white man is the one who will rise up kill those who are attempting to destroy the west take our countries back the women will not
dark jokes are like vaccines children do n’t get them .
i stopped at " trudeau still has time to learn ... " 

 even in his own words , in his ghostwritten " common ground " , trudeau was an academic failure , a disappointment to his putative father .
innumerate , an engineering school dropout , a dunderhead .
when you take a flat - faced , acne - scarred , whiny - voiced dunderhead,-- someone who with another surname might have wound up as a roofer ( even then probably falling down on the job),-- fill his thin cranial space with obsolete marxist ideology , tell him he 's a leader , a hunk,-- very bad , even excrementitious things start to happen .
the trajectory with this dunderhead as hijacker of the plane of government , is a steep downward one for canada .
if you think about it ... 
 hiv is just roman numerals for high five
word on the street is you 're his brother so of course you would stick up for him .
you both have the same views on race .
never understood why someone feels the need to proud of their race at all .
you did nothing to earn it , you ca n't change it , it does n't ( should n't ) matter to anyone and if it does that 's their problem not yours .
if a person wants to look back through history and take pride in their ancestors accomplishments well , ok , but that 's not a personal achievement .
you could as well claim to be proud of your gender , or your height , and that would all seem pretty meaningless .
if we define ourselves by our colour , then others will too .
not a good thing in general , if history is any lesson .
the white privilege foolishness came out of the complete and total failure of liberal ideas in america 's inner cities .
an excuse had to be found for the failing schools and government .
funny thing is iq and wealth seem to mirror each other .
asian people have the highest iqs and earn the most money on   average .
i guess asian people have the white privilege thing figured out .
my white privilege is my iq and my parents " raising " .
a few other components of my white privilege are always being on time , finishing school , working multiple jobs including weekends and   holidays ,   having nice manners , and obeying the law .
do n't like the way the cowards kicks tyrone on the floor then his mate screams like he has won the fight .
daily words of wisdom from our favorite chinaman weihan zhang on twitter my friends not listen eminem music criminality african culture learn nothing violent harm baby small pet dog classical music violin traditional chinese song please songsfordummies
what do you call an indian taking a shit ?
brownian motion
happy pride everyone , lucretia is a lesbian !
@thezonecast # thezonecast # theadventurezone url url
i fucking hate my uncle its so hard to enjoy my buckeyes when all he does is insult my buckeyes and thier amazing head coach
while " certain classes of people " may enjoy " special class protection , " does " offensive art " enjoy that same " class protection " status ?
does the government have " the right " to force / compel any " artist " to " create " a " work of art " that the " artist " finds " offensive " to create in the first place ?
- 
 the " beauty " of this line of logical reasoning is that any and all " offensive art " that any " artist " thinks is offensive is covered .
vegan music composers can decline to come up with the latest " jingle " for mcd 's .
bakers of any color or religion can decline to decorate a cake with nazi symbols .
graphic arts designers can decline to create a web home page for the kkk .
and painters of any political party can decline to paint a painting of hillary with horns .
- 
 the " beauty " is that the focus becomes " not the person who makes the request , " but the " offensive work of art " being asked to " artistically create . "
- 
 if scotus uses this reasoning , the outcome could be a " win - win " for everyone .
racist : white ppl are racist sexist : feminists are sexist homophobic : just do nt touch me pls
thanks for following @ericabbott29 @arktin @learnt @rxrankings
would rather have terrorism over not being able to boycott an allied country this talking point must be important because he repeats it but i can not make out what on earth it supposed to mean if you do not buy stuff from jews they will fake arabs taking down more nyc landmarks
i hate you so much right now for bringing that damn bacteria back to the tl < user > literally looks like a bottled yeast infection
of course , the continuation of using ' white ' or ' black ' or any other racial connotation is designed to divide and rule .
the more that the law perpetuates idiotic double - standards such as this court ruling , the more that people will be side - tracked from the reality of life .
the reality is that the global corporations ( include the military / industrial complex in that ) are manipulating blacks , whites , indians , chinese , asians etc .
via huge debts , asset stripping and corruption .
the pyramid of life puts everyone into income brackets and not racial brackets .
governments all over the world are corrupt , inept and compromised , including the south african government .
nothing to do with race and everything to do with corruption , self - serving interests , greed and zero concern for the people of the country .
just started reading apartheid , guns and money - so far a riveting read .
m1 playful relationships are just try this woman is how engagement beim ersten mal eine solche leute
this will be a buying opportunity before housing continues up again .
do n't worry , you can rely on trustin to be trustin and " open up the gates ! "
they do n't want a market correcting , that is the fact .
: 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkdeyum0-og
do trendy ecotards really need the latest iphone or mountain bike from china ?
missing @ladycodelinda ❤ ✨ & # 128081 ; n @lisa_opie & amp ; @ladycode _ tweets the past cpl days&#128557;&#128557 ; ❤ hope ur exams went well!&#128525;&#128537 ;
what s the difference between an indian woman and a dishwasher ?
one pays you and you got ta pay for the other
forget about them lets start a holocaust and kill asians
i think the uk is more of a lost cause than the us .
london has made tons of concessions to non whites .
@payal_rohatgi @netflixindia @netflix @pmoindia @hmoindia @narendramodi a muslim woman playing a role of a fake hindu fiydaheen # humaqureshi & a muslim man playing the role of a fake hindu jihadi cleric .
bollywood hates hindu .
anyone to make real film on srilanka killings ?
morons
yeah : nobody needs a degree to drive a garbage truck .
of course , thanks to the knowledge of college graduates , in ten years the truck will drive itself .
does " cultural appropriation " mean the black musicians can be prevented from playing tchaikovsky or bach ?
or an asian girl who wants to be a ballerina can be told to go away ?
or natives will accept that they simply have to give up pizza and chinese food ?
no of course not : that would be racist .
" uberalles " really   mien    herr   right   winger
nyc mayor wants private companies to disclose sex harassment claims hotpagenews com r < number > top100 hotpagenews com
mr trudeau exudes energy and fun , when he speaks it 's clear he 's addressing women and the young , he legalizes pot , he spends his time in campaign mode , so it 's clear he 's in sync with today 's canadians .
- 
 also 
 he marches in more pride parades than gay teenagers 
 .
he is so emotional that he sticks his tongue out - way out - and opens his mouth - wide wide - when he is cxcite 
 .
he stages shirtless selfies in public 
 - 
 he wears colourful socks to get attention 
 - 
 he thinks he is handsome and his official photographers takes photo after photo 
 - 
 he takes family along for free trips when he is on government business 
 - 
 he has rich friends like aga khan - actually more the father 's friend 
 fidel castro - see above 
 - 
 conclusion 
 so it 's clear he 's in sync with today 's canadians . (
the shallow ones anyway )
size of the bimbo squad lmfao ... total iq 42 .
and you 're a f * * * * * * moron the reason america has more so - called killings is because we help every other f * * * * * * piece of s * * * lowlife country in this world every time they have a little squabble some f * * * * * * country is asking the us for something just to have ungrateful motherfukers to say we 're terrorists when you see on tv a sick and dying child it 's an american giving him food or medicine you f * * * * * * piece of s * * * moron
all of whom are women of colour .
the colour of shit talking shit acting shit .
i am with trump bye bye
she always wanna bring this extra gay person out of me 😭 😭 😭 😭
the summit itself is a ridiculous waste of time and resources but the lead - up work done by the countries ' officials inevitably fosters dialogue .
better that we should communicate than become hermit kingdoms .
why y' all be so worried about who people fucking if you ai n't the one fucking em&#129300;&#129300 ; how that make any type of sense mind ya business
guys , shoot that bitch .
< user > nah he could be a hindu brown or a ching chong gookboy or a mexican derivative
i made a joke about freedom north koreans did n't get it
well this anal scene is about to be fucking fire & # 128293 ;
what inspire me is teaching african refugees how to program javascript what inspires me is finding out how to use maglev trains to get resources to the moon these are the challenges that tomorrow going to face
you realize when israel left the area they told all jews to leave the agricultural infrastructure , right ?
know what the palestinians did ?
they burned it all down because it was made by jew hands .
now their land is useless .
very intelligent , civilized people in palestine !
president trump is greatest president for the african american population in us history !
url
an observation the most anti gay men i know tend to be good with women either because they are players or they know how to keep their wives under their thumbs the most pro homo men i have known are either incels or stuck in relationships with bitchy ugly women who dominate them
success is the result of good judgement , which is the result of experience , experience is often the result of bad judgement . -
tony robbins
the chinese are supplying the demand for elephant tusks , shark fins , rhino horns ..... this is known worldwide .
this is not racist or biased or anti chinese ..... this is the absolute truth .
just like n americans like their fentanyl ...... i do nt deny this .
but to hide behind the truth that the chinese not not wiping out nature due to there strange superstitious notions that tiger penis will make their penis bigger is bullcrap
okay back to the road see you tagaytay city wuw excited kala mo first timer haha
the last time he was relevant nixon was president .
shove off carl , no wonder we do n't trust you and your ilk , you have made it clear of your intentions to take down the president as opposed to reporting news .
maybe we need to get ourselves an agenda to deal with the likes of you sir
yes , any convert can make aliyah under the right of return .
however , only orthodox converts are accepted as jewish by the rabbinate , which is necessary in order to marry a jew in israel .
long life to our nations long life to europe and western stop this white genocide fuck this nwo against our families our lands and our existence
i was realistic in the first post on this thread ( page1 ) , now this , this is the sexy part of our country .
something missing where are all the blacks and muslims almost every ad and programme on tv has blacks n asians in it so the picture is incorrect racist where me one way tardis
what is the difference between 69 and 6.9 ?
there is a period in the middle
japs now eat live animals .
fuck them .
equality , freedom , and human rights .
it is such a beautiful things .
* you dumb hate spewing waste of oxygen , do n't be angry simply because you 're a disgusting inbred spawn of uncreative culture vultures who stole everything they came across and claimed it as their own .
mongoloid nazi scum like you need a bullet in your mentally defective skulls , there 's a special place for hateful people in you hell , and how many of you are left , like 3 ?
lol .
die already . *
👊 🏼 👊 🏼 🖕 🏼
i 'm fucked up , i 'm faded , i 'm so complicatedddddddd
men are still ten times more likely to die on the job .
as we get more " equality " , i do n't see women taking dangerous jobs from men .
women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job .
if we were to have a another vietnam ( 60,000 killed ) , 97 % will be men .
men die earlier than women , but spending on woman 's healthcare research ( breast , ovarian cancer etc . )
is four ( 4 ) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research ( prostate , testicular cancer etc . ) .
the list goes on .
illegal and/or unethical actions by some should not be used to justify such actions by others .
“ forty thousand people were objecting to something they did n’t realize was a lie . ”
it may not have been forty thousand , but most were objecting to what was a big lie promoted by counter - protest organizers who falsely claimed that the free speech rally was organized by or in support of neo - nazis , white supremacists , the kkk and other right - wing hate groups .
yeah , heres a clue for the nigger author of this article .
chinks hate niggers , kikes hate niggers , spicks hate niggers and towelheads hate niggers .
even niggers hate niggers .
black africans hate the gauche lazy american blacks because they have no morals or work ethic .
niggrus americanus is the lowest form of human ( if you can even call them that ) on the planet , we should erase them
just cause my money running like forrest gump , i got niggas hate me like i 'm donald trump # dolph & # 128293;&#128293;&#128170;&#127999 ;
< user > children future the rate they will join the young nazi movement stop being an idiot and read about the eu nazi origins
@__dejaa _ stupid bitch , like how bout yu go sit in them jails like they did ... go through everything they all went through .
for nothing !
ugly time magazine .
they have dalits and street defecators writing their articles who are now crying like bitches .
nowonder pakistan hid osama for 10 years while eating $ 50 billion dollars in aid .
what greater gift to india is there than this .
pakistan humiliated america bahahah
we can never have this as long as there are blacks jews spics muslims and asians
first of all , that 's racists .
secondly , are you saying it 's ok to reduce brown people to this type of labor ?
so your argument for illegal immigration is so they can do they hard , very low paying shitty jobs white people do n't want to do ?
" women are not made for a great career in a rational industry such as technology .
our female brains are just too female . "
not what he said .
stop grasping at straws .
stop thinking that your hypotheses and reading in between the lines or shoving words in other people 's mouths actually makes it so .
if there are no biological reasons , there are other reasons .
and i do n't care what they are .
a lot of google 's hiring is done by whiteboard coding of algorithms over known data structures .
if you can do it well , whether you are wasp , asian , indian or jewish , all the power to you .
if google wants to set quotas or lower their bar , they 're a private corporation .
this debate is unfolding with much more intelligent gentry on slashdot org .
try it there .
i do like that certified white bourgeoise elite liberals can think for me .
being a colored noble savage , what would i know without a phd that was already irrelevant by the 1960s rolled around ?
my exotic foreign personality .
my parents did everything they could to make sure me and my brothers are properly integrated in our birth country and not theirs , however because of my skin color i will * never * be a true person of my birth country .
i do like water melon but i 'm actually not that fond of chicken and i mirror the dance moves from other people on the dance floor .
so , now that it is a fact , anbang will be the primary voice of how seniors in care will be treated in canada , all at taxpayers ' cost of course , thanks to mr. trudeau .
disgusting .
bc is being taken over by the chinese , including little powell river .
fun fact - by recycling just one glass bottle , the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours
sa got ta keep this going never stop banging on these religious dummies
< user > did not know what a nazi salute was that because all the left wing media paint everyone as nazis
once again i clean the community health center albeit they left the community for the burbs but want the people to come here anyway she bitched about treating a refugee from uganda because that country should be taking care of her sigh
why do n't asians like monopoly ?
they ca n't buy any of the corners to turn into a shop .
europeans are givin it away the hajis are there to stay the euro thot opens her twat for any shitskin that ain t gay
if a nigga phone broke best believe he only gon memorize his main bitch number or the bitch that 's cash in him out number & # 128175;&#128527 ;
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
< user > i hate you lmaooi
chinky chinky chinaman went to milk a cow chinky chinky chinaman did not know how chinky chinky chinaman pulled the wrong tit chinky chinky chinaman got covered in shit
when has a white person telling a non - white person " go back to your country " ever not been racist ?
this psycho gook is suicidal
niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down , just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders , fuck you nigger oboama !
< number > yr ago muslims shot killed whites blacks latinos asians christians jews for the fact they were non muslim americans sanbernardino
there 's opinions and there 's lies .
shannyn probably knows the difference but chooses to lie .
trump never said all mexican 's are drug dealers and rapists .
he said he wants to throw out the one 's who are .
and there are many of them .
should n't every american , except liberals , want them removed from our country to keep us all safer ?
trump was correct to set the record straight concerning miss universe .
she signed a contract agreeing to stay in beauty contestant shape for the year she held that position .
she did n't and was fired for being too fat .
she wanted the perks that came with winning but not the duties .
democrats run a false tv ad showing young girls looking in the mirror with frowns on their faces with trump 's dubbed in voice saying they all looked ugly as though he was talking about them .
a total lie .
when he sympathized with inner city blacks saying they were living in hell democrats claimed he was knocking them when he wanted to help them .
why do democrats lie so much ?
and a*****e .....................
but you 're a dot indian , not a tipi indian !
i knew something like this could happen on may 5th american thinker blog : students sent home for wearing american flag on cinco de mayo woooh , the comments section is burnin ' over this five students sent home for wearing american flag t - shirts on cinco de mayo .
never trust russia .
and i have been saying that for decades .
there are tens of millions of fine people in that country .
the problem is that there are tens of millions more who are not so fine .
corruption from top to bottom of their society .
from business moguls and friends of putin right down to taxi drivers .
more corrupt than it was under communism .
kind of scary .
seriously , you did not read the article nor followed the news , even canadian citizens are turned back because they are muslims or coloured .
sally may be canadian and muslim and sent back .
girl guides interpret and understand perfectly .
you refuse to admit what is actually happening .
satan 
 who is 
 the god 
 of this world 
 has blinded 
 the minds of 
 those who 
 do nt believe 
 they r 
 unable2c the 
 glorious light of 
 the good news 
 they do nt 
 understand this 
 message about 
 the glory of christ 
 who is 
 the exact 
 likeness of god .. 
 we preach that 
 jesus christ 
 is lord 
 2cr4:4 - 5 
 god .. in the flesh 
 1tm3:16
god damn you fat ass losers are so easy .
you bore me fat ass .
see ya loser .
go fap to some anime
another ignorant yank the injuns are immigrants like us fucking mongoloids from asia just like jews but they were immigrants not kike landsquatters
sweet irony hold your nose tina fey ta ta flashing knish diddling shvontz noshing lesbo diving internet porno pig tries to shame trump women voters tells them you can not look away read ignore the trump wreckage your vote caused pathetic trump gabfam speakfreely chat
< user > < user > my question is had the cop been a minority or even an immigrant and the person killed was a white woman would the judge have made the same ruling
news for tacha fans who support pride violence arrogance insolence and bad behaviour your girl has been disqualified for all her supposedly good attitude at the < user > the nigerian people are not known for all these we do not condone such behaviours bb naija
just in : hawaii emergency management agency tweets there is no missile threat to hawaii , after residents allegedly received emergency alert warning of an incoming ballistic missile .

shapiro is born and raised in cali his business is in la he s just your typical upper class privileged white man that lives far away from the immigrant community he probably grew up in a jewish bubble in the burbs just like many brooklyn jews
thank you obamacare ..   i may just pay the penalty next year and forgo insurance ..
i want two shemales so i can suck one of them and the other can fuck me at the same time .
love how diverse the world of gender can be ! #
femboi # tgurl url
no the town of coupeville officials are not anti - navy and yes they are pro - citizens ! ! ! !
as worded that could be a true statement if that is what was intended .
but is that what we the working class citizens of island county should believe or is that what we are being programed to believe as true ?
i suggest   look to the other washington and stop for minute and   compare the campaign of the " make america great again " , movement   that elected president trump and his billionaire white house cabinet buddies and the promise of greatness .
which now appearance to be a future of oil pipelines , open pit coal mines and a ever rising stock market to just mention few points of greatness .
now using the   protest campaign of coer for comparison , now question is there any possibility of likelihood of intent to mislead for a hidden agenda ?
the average working citizens of   island county   just substitute carpet - baggers for citizens in coer .
what ya think ?
< number > pakis have been found dead in bradford it not terrorism related but thought to be due to a bunk bed collapsing police are blaming al ikea
reminder that the jews control the media
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
this is a country where huge percent of the populous lived in abject poverty for hundreds of years and ate whatever they could get their hands on - weeds , grubs , bugs , etc and indiscriminately killed and ate bear balls , tiger balls , snake balls , animal guts , animal horns , etc for perceived medicinal and aphrodisiac value .
just because a lot of them can now afford to eat " gourmet " food does n't make them any less crude , unethical , immoral and just downright disgusting in their personal hygiene and behavior .
the horror stories about the " ugly chinese " tourists are absolutely true and if you 've been to china and done business there , you soon figure out what a bunch of lowlifes most of them are .
so my spanish teacher asked who was absent me : mi vida
satan 
 who is 
 the god 
 of this world 
 has blinded 
 the minds of 
 those who 
 do nt believe 
 they r 
 unable2c the 
 glorious light of 
 the good news 
 they do nt 
 understand this 
 message about 
 the glory of christ 
 who is 
 the exact 
 likeness of god .. 
 we preach that 
 jesus christ 
 is lord 
 2cr4:4 - 5 
 god .. in the flesh 
 1tm3:16
they also said the same thing about the white girls that was severely beaten on halloween a few years ago and also about the pregnant woman that was beaten in front of her own house .
" he would have been disgusted by the violence in charlottesville " .
really , you think so ?
this would be the same man who when he ordered his slaves beaten told the overseer to ' lay it on well ' and then wash their backs with brine ?
suggest people read adam 's serwer 's piece ( among others ) in the atlantic   - the myth of the kindly general lee for another version of the man .
i 'm fairly certain it 's you who does n't .
the possibility of one of the country 's largest provinces adopting electoral reform , which hangs on this vote , is tremendously significant .
as is the impact that an ndp / green - majority legislature would have on a range of other matters of national concern , particularly in relation to the environment .
it must be difficult to report on a former colleague who is in a rather awkward position .
.
oft times allegations of this sort are muddled by misunderstanding and/or animosity rather than actual sexual harassment , which is a legal catchall for a multitude of issues .
.
in my experience a financial settlement is preferable to a long and expensive legal proceedings .
also in my experience the plaintiff 's goal if often financial rather than emotional closure .
tho le president 🇺 🇸 trump has delivered 2.1 % asian unemployment while demonrats discriminate against asians in college admissions .
you do not find a poll that has trump leading hillary for the first time ever significant ?
i agree that with over two months to go , it may not be all that important to the results on nov. 8th yet , but you and i differ on the first poll showing trump with a lead being significant or not .
i think it is significant and you do n't .
you support hillary and i do n't .
no surprise there .
within two or three days after the first debate between romney and obama , romney surged to a slim lead .
did it stick ?
no , it did n't but romney refused to capitalize on that performance and lost the race .
i also point out that a lot can happen between now and nov. 8th .
not getting tripped up , you just have a problem in reading comprehension .
nothing new there either .
fuck the chinese !
they should all be extermimated !
look up " dog boiled alive china " and see if your opinion changes .
we need to send all our nukes over there .
headline says sex robots will replace men only for democrat women decent women still prefer their husbands can democrats get dumber is it possible
not all good skiing and riding terrain in turnagain pass is avalanche prone , dick .
but i would not expect you to understand that .
finished my last day ( for now ) as an sde ; monday will be the beginning of a trial period as a user experience designer .
yippee ! #
trialbyfire
white boy : : ni hao !
me : : ... i 'm filipina . (
i excuse myself , irritated , and he finds me some time later ) white boy : : so , do you know lucy liu ?
i was nineteen at a college party .
i felt insulted , objectified , like the only thing worth noticing about me was ( an incorrect and stereotypical view of ) my race .
may allah give everyone more braincells
same .
currently hoping that my current makeup of being bi , gender - blind and open to just about anything and everything wins out .
it 's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay .
because i doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if " being white " in the u.s. will be perceived as a problem .
the very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist .
but the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts .
duke kahanamoku played parts that hollywood mandated .
it is not likely he was given any option about the people he played .
look at hollywood in the 1920s to the 1950s and african - americans were casted as native hawaiians .
no one in their right mind would want to return to those days .
back to days segregation , white only public facilities , outrigger canoe club banning olympians like keo nakama , the pacific club barring asian membership , and so on .
even the great world wide web produces so much historically inaccurate crap , that any idiot having a computer can put their own personal spin on history .
just look at the daily kos article on the niihau incident and you want to throw up .
if the producers of this movie ever do a movie on the alamo , look out for mexicans to lose in their version .
< number > what the only place in the world where people speak aramaic the language that jesus spoke it a city called maaloula and is in syria ig was destroyed by moderate rebels who raped murdered christians assad liberated it is helping rebuilding the churches
only time will resolve these difference of opinions , but we should be mindful that the media , the press , has served our country well for over 200 years .
look at what serves as " media " in russia and china .
the media may have a unconscious liberal bias , but they are professionals with their careers on the line , and i do not believe they deliberately slant a story .
the presidents credibility has been revealed on several occasions , sometimes over the most inconsequential matters .
if the president succeeds in discrediting the media , then he will achieved his goal of being the sole arbiter of truth .
but then who will vote for the liberals , except all the posters riding the gravy train as government workers being paid by the tax payer ?
no one would vote for the liberals : that 's why they keep these government workers exploiting the tax payer with their high salaries , happy .
not just because some of us are still beautiful but because white europeans have provided the world with < number > of all scientific technological industrial inventions that is phenomenal folks time we owned it let it be known our creative past potential is unmatched by any other culture
" know longer " 

 really ?
twice ? ? ? ?
corallo pointed out that veselnitskaya is associated with fusion gps , the opposition research firm behind an anti - trump dossier compiled by former british spy christopher steele .
fusion gps was paid by a democratic ally of hillary clinton ’s to conduct the research .
this is only going to come back and bite the democrats in the end .
the meeting proves nothing .
i find it funny the rg will run this hit pence on trump jr. but did n't bother running anything on the times issuing a correction for the fake news claiming " 17 intelligence agencies " concluded that there was collision .
it was actually just 3 ... 

 https://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/erik-wemple/wp/2017/07/06/trump-criticizes-media-over-alleged-mind-meld-of-17-intelligence-agencies-over-russia-meddling/?utm_term=.c408092310e9
garbage dumpster fire mumble rapping shit stain in the underwear of life waste of space faggot crap !
u stupid indian .
get off the air u bitch
what is the difference between 69 and 6.9 ?
there is a period in the middle
< user > < user > i can lmao theater meets ghetto i will snap them in a second
i am the exact same way as you man , all the power to ya ( us ) .
it 's a good way to be and view sexuality .
do what feels right 🤷 🏼‍ ♂ ️
abortion is never going 2 b accepted by the majority of people since women bear the burden of carrying a child the respons falls on her 2 b more responsible if u are not married do not have sex if u can not afford birth control
no body holds more power then the next even the most opress nations could turn on there leaders but we must know rome was n't built in a day we just find a mommnet where it happens .
it ’ the demonazi ’ and republicommies
you could work with such a passionate intent today that you in ... more for pisces https://t.co/f5yi0aqxpd
you say that , " there is no place in alaska where the wolf population has been eradicated . "
several years ago i was told by a well - known trapper in mat - su that all the wolves got trapped out of the knik and trappers have to go to all the way to glennallen .
i do n't know whether the wolf population in the knik has recovered since .
are you fucking retarded lmao gtfoh .
stupid bitch
that aids weigh a ton nigga url
i feel like i am on a permanent war footing just this afternoon in newcastle city centre it was wall to wall niggers pakis and camel fuckers i wanted to kill every last one of them
< user > < user > people act as if you can not say the same about the states obviously not all americans are pro guns not all americans support their government treatment of immigrants and foreigners but when it comes to israel suddenly the logic changes
a basic botanical fact :   apples are not oranges .
wrong .
it is a government facilitated invasion .
it is occurring all across western civilization .
the terms " immigrants , refugees , asylum seekers " have all been bastardized & weaponized to invade the mesmerized & hypnotized european white nations .
url
any reasonable person knows the numbers are impossible to accurately identify .
more ignorance .
london is a dead zone as far as anyone white is concerned , even hertfordshire where it 's closest to london is turning brown .
i read that there are very few changes from each edition and that the sole purpose for the changes is to ruin lesson plans and thwart the used book market .
you guys should have been nicer to him sucks that a few white kids will feel forced into violence like this sad products of our antiwhite society that has no place for them hewasagoodboy
same happened with my girlfriends parents .
they are actually pretty religious but saw she was happy , trusted her , and saw that she was nt entering into a messy failing marriage or causing one .
that was almost 2 years ago and we are all doing wonderful :)
happy birthday to one of my favorites @gabrielleml22 i loooove you and miss you so much ✨ & # 128151 ; hope to see you soon :(
there is already enough stigma around people with mental illness .
no need to make is worse by pinning atrocities on them .
what s the dumbest question to ask a chinese person ? "
where 's my dog "
i will slap da shit outta white girl bitch do not tell me you want my nigger cock
thanks for this .
i 'm trans , and the difficulties of being that do n't really revolve around what i do in the bedroom , but how i 'm treated by people on a daily basis in society .
no more chinese immigration into the usa they are just like sand niggers and jews simply here to exploit us
what 's better than having sex with a 12 year old vietnamese boy ?
nothing .
reddit does n't care if they are n't white .
i want to see every woman in america take a stand against every predator involved in the sex trafficking of young girls .
and its gon na sting .
the fact is these old men have gotten away with this their entire lives .
will you ... url
just cleared out a lot of spam uploads , lots of scammers from india , malaysia and indonesia but strong defenses are being built !
i like my grilled cheese how i like my vietnamese villagers yellow and melting
where do people in china buy their groceries ?
pets at home .
how to bind the economic social and political interests of a majority of white americans in opposition to the globalist enemy informal labor exchange
basically this .
us brits will use anything as an insult ... honestly i 've heard people say " petal " , " flower " and the most recent random as fuck one of " little dancer " .
that last one was new to me and it did n't really make me feel offended haha .
gimps to me are basically complete fucking idiots , though to clarify i do n't mean this about those who have the fetish .
you had a better upbringing , or better chance at success than i. i think it 's probably because of the naacp , and not because your parents had the personal drive to go to college .
you got to go to college , probably because you 're black , while i did not - i do n't have any afirmative action programs working for me , as you do .
in the history of this country , the privleged white man has mistreated native americans , blacks , chinese , japanese , gays , women and i 'm sure i 've missed some .
i fit two of those .
whaa !
enjoy your pity party charles .
i find it tiresome .
which means get rid of all the white folks and asian settler colonials , right ? !
not only that , the author states that this town has no muslims .
why would they want a cemetery full of people who have no connection to their town ?
count up 
 - 
 just as in saudi arabia and iran 
 they would not want a christian or jewish or hindu or buddhist cemetery 
 with no connection to their town
reminds me of a johnny cash song " 6 feet high and   rising ' from the lyrics .
" how high 's the water mama ? "
the white man must learn to hate if we do not hate the forces that have destroyed our civilization we will die
how to console a woman who had a miscarriage ?
bring back the child in you .
just wait until they find a school where asian girls are more violent and stupid than black males , and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap .
bioethics needs make clear once and for all if it is moral to engineer a virus that only kills asians yes
< user > trump erroneously presented the total number of aliens in the country < number > million as the number of illegal aliens in this country
tweet # 7162222221733345429024 i wanted to say fuck an oreo and love me all day .
i just did half way and realized .
rap is gay but sorry for party rapunzel .
i fuck the most black girls the @nfl forbids rebroacasts of this telecast ibg vs the cool worlds is a japanese trademark
i just found this subreddit , and i find it intriguing .
i might be gender critical .
until now i thought that trans did n't make sense , but hey whatever makes people happy why not .
reading here however makes me realize that this may have bigger implications that are inconsistent with advancing feminism in society ( making it better for men and women ) .
please remove her citizenship and her us passport and let her be a fugitive traveling from port to port a woman without a country
iran and china are big gangsters .
should strike them off the map
< user > the logic is insane to me there ’ literally white dominicans that are racist to black dominicans lmao
what ’s yellow and feeds of dead beetles ?
yoko ono
another person who thinks constituents are your " party " .
that 's why the republican party is a political machine it is .
an example of which is our newly minted ambassador brownback !
being paid 170 k to do nothing !
related instagram tags for jewelry fashionable designer trendy hairstyle fashion gram fashion blog menswear men style trend
i 'm on medicaid , and my understanding , from taking to some of the very nice desk folks in various medical offices , is that while nero was fiddling with his learning curve , " providers " jumped ship , but ( to quote one of the nice desk people ) " they 're coming back - slowly ( slight eye - roll ) " .
was a smoker
there will be a hole who will say you tell refugees to go back to syria and fight for their own country but do not say it to sa farmers need to have a strong and elegant response
nigga at work said i look like a subway surfer
i do n’t get why swat still use flashbangs it does n’t work if you ’re raiding an asian ’s house !
yes , the operating budget needs to be cut by $ 1 billion in real money , or by $ 1.5 billion or more if we use the smoke and mirrors accounting that has so far prevailed such as taking earnings from the pce endowment and calling that a cut because it replaced gf ( do n't blame us for flocking to donald trump when even elected republicans lie to us like that ! ) .
and cuts of that magnitude can not hold the bsa and medicaid harmless - it 's the arithmetic .
basically , while alaskans figure out how we can survive in a post - petroleum economy we need government to be reduced to roads , police and schools .
and roads is maintenance , not construction .
police is the department of public safety , and nothing else .
and school spending needs to be limited to putting teachers in an existing classroom ; no construction , no meals , no executives , no sports travel , none of the excesses that oil money subsidized .
and we need to dishonorably discharge any republican who would support an income tax !
hope they get those three robbers the only description they may get is from the victims , the witnesses who also saw that do n't want to get involved that 's how it is in china town they live there and wo n't say nothing even though they know who did it , most of the chinese that live in china town are a bunch of cowards they want to make a living in this country but they wo n't say anything to the police of what they saw there not americans there a bunch of cowards and they should go back to china where they belong or help the police to catch those robbers .
god there are such retarded people on this planet
ho busy hore ka zounung tse tonight makgoa on their balcony motho with the jams a child hoeletsing ho matasa
< user > < user > wtf is this ching chong shittery english mf
lol .
classic liberal elitist hypocrisy .
$ 2million measly dollars to make up for the billions that " radical " california leftists make off the 500 k in china making slave wages to make iphones , ipads , etc .
racism against asians is never a problem for the liberal left .
it is heartbreaking to see venezuelans fleeing in all directions depending on what is close to them - brazil , colombia , curacao , cuba , haiti , trinidad , peru and those with means , of course , the us and even canada .
yet , most prefer colombia because of the language and because they need no visa to enter the country .
this article truly expresses many of the frustrations i 've seen there while working and helping people .
but violence and government repression have escalated so much this year that even ngos , human rights activists , diplomats , and almost all foreigners i encountered there are now leaving the country .
just getting a flight ticket there is a real nightmare .
p.s. the journalists that are covering day - to - day events across venezuela are some of the bravest people out there .
it is not just reporting ; it 's even finding something to eat and a safe place to stay for a few hours before the next violence comes out .
great for the globe and mail to cover these stories .
my god look at these barbaric ppl .
and these pigs all watching .
they r a very , very sick culture .
and omar and rashid want this crap here .
this is america not the middle east .
round them up and send them home .
looks like you 're trying to obfuscate the issue .
any investor ( even foreign ) meeting the requirements and following the proper procedures can apply and receive approval for a domestic bank in canada .
that is not the issue here .
the issue here is foreign shareholders of domestic bank , with dubious backgrounds , schmoozing with the pm in private at home for $ 1500 a head .
what is the real intent of such meeting ?
what was discussed ?
do you have pictures or records of joe oliver or stephen harper dining with mr ou yang in a private home for $ 1500 a head ?
i 'm sure the globe would be very interested if you did .
do n't try to confuse the issues .
white supremacists are already enlisted , for a chance to kill brown people for ideological reasons .
not only is that horrifying in and of itself , but that evil always eventually comes back home to roost .
url
i did n't say that .
how does " eradicate non - native goats " = " overrun the join with humans " ?
i said restore as much balance as possible .
unfortunately the human - created goat problem is more easily diminished than our overwhelming human presence and overpopulation .
just because many of those issues are more difficult to combat does n't mean nothing should be done about the goats .
and if there is a way to feed people with the goats or make pet food out of it for poor people ... yes .
do that , too .
every gook in # losangeles should be deported or killed .
omfg they are still repeating the fake news that the killer was a white supremacist 🤣 < user > ‍ he hurled slurs at blacks and muslims and according to the anti defamation league had ties to white supremacists
meanwhile the feds turn a blind eyes to the chinese who avoid paying all taxes .
instead they go after honest canadians who just ca nt keep up .
pathetic and at some point , will deive out all small business - then where will these clowns find more cash to waste - the money tree ?
lyft driver is white and playing the most aggro dancehall music i have ever heard like got damn what the fuck doug
classic racist response from dr. bigot .
globe reports of a cra crackdown on condo market related tax evasion and instead of commending cra for doing it 's job dr. dildo immediately singles out , for the 10,000th time , at an entire ethnic group , the chinese .
dr. dildo should be banned from this website for inciting racist comments .
enough already .
way to go clown .
once again you 've revealed your desperation .
it does n't matter how many innocent asian people you label , you still will never be able to afford a home in vancouver .
look in the mirror for the reason why .
" are you losing the verbal debate so badly that you feel the need to " take numbers " ?
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/us-politics/us-taking-names-of-countries-that-oppose-it-un-envoy-haley-warns/article33805306/
deport them all .
send them back where they came from .. shoot them !
they 're violent
wiliki ?
paddock acted alone .
if he sold guns , law men would know about it .
paddock was not muslim .
millions of security cameras , not one shows your " mystery " man .
stop .
happy chinese new year enjoy the traffic free drive to work ! (
meant to post this yesterday )
india : woman fined rs.100 k for misusing law against husband
i lost it over everyone jerking off to an old dumb ass lady getting tazed .
the comments were really gross .
the declaration of independence did n't include blacks until the 1970 's .
actual equality has never been achieved in practice .
i 'm just saying that all lives matter .
that includes poorly educated rural white people .
the white bosses never treated them as equals either .
buying and selling goods is n't " subsidizing . "
you leftists and your made - up definitions .
jeez .
if you 're so concerned with how human rights are going , why do n't you check your stock portfolio , and see how many chinese - interests are tied to them .
why do n't you send 3rd wave feminists over there to protest , instead of walking around over here with pink hats on , protesting about rights they already have ?
oh made - up poster : bless your heart .
a couple do look grey but the majority of it looks like an ashy blonde colour that really does not blend well with the mousy brown .
i think this is just badly done highlight and seeing as this person has awful taste in clothing and posts crap like this i would n't expect them to have much better taste in dye jobs
white men must change back to pre 1 9 6 0 when men married and raised their kids men worked at whatever job it took to make sure their family had a good life white men must reject ghetto morals and live for god family and america
i went to a rollercoaster ride yesterday .
< repeat > it was n't that intense , but this lady kept screaming .
it 's like she had n't seen an amputated arm before .
< repeat >
saw a black kid and a chinese kid wave to each other gave me hope for the future .
or another rush hour movie .
deport all indians back to india and make them pay for the trip .
god loves y' all too forever tell everyone you know and do n't know .
jesus loves y' all too forever .
teach everyone how to see and enjoy their blessings too forever
she 's gross or should we say he 's gross !
sick to death of the idiots out there thinking they 're privileged while they shit all over the people who fought , so they could have freedom and rights ! ! !
no that would be the second person he described as in the curry nigger that married to a kikess israel supporter keep up shitheel
naacp gets most of its funding from white people .
brown people ( which oddly does not include east asians or asian indians ? ? )
ca nt even bank roll their own charitable racist organization .
sad like the hood !
i think that may depend on if you are simple or ghetto trash of which there are plenty white members in either category
sheffield magistrates court 24th october 12 men 44 offences child rape , illegal 
 imprisonment , assault , supplying drugs , all from a certain religion holy day friday no other comment .
in cages that obama built .
uh , what is the problem ... ?
for every black kid you punish , some asian has to be dragged out of his chair and paddled ?
what ?
what ?
just say what 's wrong .
lynn may young today sentenced to 25 years in prison for child abuse - knowing / reckless causing serious bodily injury . #
2015cr1763
white washed asians are so stuck up and rude fuck you ching chong china lady
if a god exists , fuck god .
i do n't want to go to your heaven you sick cunt
< user > < user > but remainers love fake news meanwhile in the real world everyone canyon your nazis in action
pakistanis started raping young white girls in the < number > young white lads bashed the pakis for touching their females media called our lads nazis paki bashers media never knew why nor investigated
mentally retarded u ar .
👍 👍 u foreigners use only tissue paper to wipe off ur shits ass , u even do n't wash ur shits ass , what a fuck ? ?
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 but we indians use water to clean our shits ass properly and then wash our hands two times , understand , u foreigner fuckers .
if the cap was lifted the little guy would pay less percentage .
ss should be a burden on everyone equally not just on the the poor .
niggas do n't hate y all man , they just do n't like you as a person . & #
128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
@mfsasso or jim crow laws segregation lynching laws ... anti womans suffrage laws ... amazing how everyone does nt want to bring that up
# googlemanifesto if the reeeeee was any louder , it would shatter apple 's new glass ring hq .
build an immigrant ghetto next to his retirement residence
you fucking garbage slut .
send me a pm if you want to be treated like the fucktoy cumdumpster you are .
my exotic foreign personality .
my parents did everything they could to make sure me and my brothers are properly integrated in our birth country and not theirs , however because of my skin color i will * never * be a true person of my birth country .
i do like water melon but i 'm actually not that fond of chicken and i mirror the dance moves from other people on the dance floor .
i believe that drug addicts and alcoholics will be able to escape their dependency ... just as easily and effectively , as their detractors can escape their judgemental , self - righteousness .
i am talking about my peers beside me they lookin at diamond covered bracelets and near naked women like in their underwear like please this school is just messed up it like an american public school
refugees accused of killing american couple and resettled in australia ' posed danger to us ' # auspol url via @abcnews
@thewiseonewon @lovemyman _ @realdonaldtrump thumbing his nose at our immigration laws & proud of it by posting this video !
i want him arrested & charged for human trafficking & he should be sued for all medical expense incurred by the tax payers because of his illegal actions !
he wants to be a coyote treat him like one !
😡
from the facts provided , she has not been transferred .
the person who has nichols ' old job , now nichols ' immediate subordinate , has been interposed between the plaintiff and mr nichols .
she still works for nichols , and he has already been engaging in punitive behavior .
as to mistakes   --   there 's no controlling who you fall in love with .
what a person can control is who knows about it .
when you 've fallen in love with a married person who is also your employee , political supporter , and family friend , and you'e learned that they are not in love with you , it 's time to keep your feelings to yourself .
i honestly do n't think trump understands that posts to social media are out there forever .
had doss waited to be drafted , his selective service classification as a conscientious objector 1a0 would have had him assigned in a non - combatant role .
instead doss volunteered ( enlisted ) .
the ss classification did not accompany him when he was assigned to a combat infantry division .
the recruiter told him it would .
the whitecoat program did not exist in wwii .
" rt @ngeliquaay : " " you got glitter in your eyes " " ... says it 20 fucking times ... @robichaux_24 "
put the bible down and go eye for an eye for this shit
are you looking for a stud ?
i have std , all i need is u.
rt @n1irving : & # 9749;&#128056 ; this is n't tea anymore " @chickencoleman : how do bitches " peep everything " but still getting cheated on something not addin&#8230 ;
this mini trip to la made me feel like it was summer break & amp ; i m not ready to go back to classes :((
when are we going to stand up and say this has got to stop , that is the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard .
@robynelyse @realcandaceo let 's not worry about the over 3,000 babies murdered everyday .
does n't fit your agenda ?
any word ending in " phobia " denotes fear .
i , for one , truly fear the " religion of peace " , islam , spreading like wildfire in our world .
anti - semitism is not a " fear of jews " , it is a prejudice against jews .
sheffield magistrates court 24th october 12 men 44 offences child rape , illegal 
 imprisonment , assault , supplying drugs , all from a certain religion holy day friday no other comment .
i have always considered myself a person who is not influenced by a person 's gender , sexual preference , or race .
that being said , i find that i am saddened by the state this nation is in and i do place a lot of blame on the president .
regardless of the color of his skin , the content of his character has led this nation backwards in internal and external relations .
its my perspective that he does not stand as an example for the u.s. as a nation and is quick to jump to conclusions on issues such as ferguson .
as the leader of our country his personal beliefs should not play a part in his actions .
healing this nation and leading to better days and better relations between all people should be his goal .
instead , i simply see a man who is more interested in polarizing a nation and being content that his name will forever be in classroom text books as being the first african american president instead of striving to have his name remembered as a great leader .
# whitepower ... i'll hang you nigger
fuck every single one of you racist pos in the replies lmfao , take your ass to trump 's states and you 'll know exactly how they feel .
its easy to talk cock and make fun when you 're amidst your own , but the moment u step out of this country , ya'll will crumble
the three most common religions today sprouted from the middle east but we do n't talk about that lmao
rokos basilisk , you must be quite confused .
you brought up the legislative process from out of nowhere .
it does n't relate to anything anyone has said before in this thread .
everyone can see that .
in your next comment , do n't forget the first law of holes .
so in a best - case scenario , i will have two ( 2 ) minutes to get to the safety of the eugene earthquake - proof eugene city taj mahal .
and it will stand there in the middle of the devastation as a monument to the wisdom of eugene 's voters and taxpayers who will have spent $ 30 million to construct it .
hope not too many passersby are killed by the falling glass i 've seen depicted in the architectural representations .
at least if it happens during working hours , mr. ruiz and his staff will survive and be there to do whatever it is that they can do without communication with first responders ( police and fire ) , hospitals , eweb , nw natural gas , the oregon national guard or anyone else .
do not get me wrong korea has their own share of soy boys and faggots just like any other country but they definitely do not fuck goats
we pray differently guyseu u just ca nt ask us muslims to lead the prayer inside the classroom
why do you think all these various muslim groups from the middle east india and asscrackistan come here and insist their children become lawyers doctors politicians to better america and raise us up are you truly that stupid they are using our own system to subsume us wakeupamerica
they never really miss you when you leave them , they miss you when they see that you have moved on , became happy , & amp ; did n't look back .
< user > must be noted chinaman satanist lee hsien loong refuses to respond to all accusations against him and reference to his satanic criminals singapore parliament singapore supreme court and singapore agc have also kept silent since my first twitter account in < number >
that 's racist and stupid .
100 % of white men speak out against it .
not 100 % of muslims speak out against muslim terrorism .
there are billboards in palestine celebrating suicide bombers .
> a majority of pakistanis surveyed in a poll appeared to be aggrieved over the death of osama bin laden , with 51 per cent describing their emotions as ' grief '   i could go on be you get the point .
that 's one of the stupidest false equivalencies i 've seen in a long time .
you should consider reevaluating your entire belief system .
that kind of a put down towards asians is not it sounds racist muslime is not a race so fuck muslimes
diversity is our greatest weakness
bbc news this man is wanted by the police for ripping the hijab off a young moslem woman he also screamed racist abuse at her before running off laughing
my sex partner asked me if she was the only one i 've been with ........ i said i 'd been with a couple 4 and 5 's .
this is a spin off of a joke i read today :)
this is the most drama i have ever seen about a dog .
if minorities in this country were truly oppressed you would n’t have so many people desperately pretending to be one .
< user > well i am halloween so fuck you too
ok jews there are no gay blacks old enough to have white hair
white guilt is essentially the religion of western civilization with the holocaust narrative being the pivotal event that fuels that particular belief system and more and more people are discovering that there is no god
no way that another black guy murdering another white person that can not be i mean to say that is a hate crime would be racists or to even say over < number > plus percent black children do not have fathers and that a crime problem would be a hate crime would not it
woke up again next to no cute virgin gf 
 will our suffering ever end?fuck this goddamn cruel world and fuck your gods , they do nt exist
wow dontbelieveinmyths , you are totally clueless and insensitive .
as an asian person growing up in the mainland the " slanted eye gesture " and racial slur ( similar to " chinaman " ) was used to taunt and harass people of asian ancestry and is considered extremely offensive .
for me , it was cause for a fight and i would not take that type of taunting from anyone .
it 's equivalent to using the " n - word " and your saying we need to thicken our skins ?
yeah , right , you need some training dude !
stupid asian bitch you 're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
i hate this showguck this show imreakmy gonna cry fuck off
hard to believe these actresses thought they were not going to be sexually harassed .
this kind of casting couch culture has been ingrained in hollywood culture every since it was created .
lots of women loved having this opportunity to show they had " qualifications " to be showgirls , models , stage hands , and be able to prove they had " star quality " .
it 's like trying to get into an ivy league college .
hard to do nowadays if the asians are blessed with superior intellect and your jamish kid is n't .
nice to bribe your kid in by monetary donations like joseph p. kennedy did .
did you see how the female winners of academy awards were so gushing with kudos to weistein even though they were raped by this hairy repulsive schmuck ?
i think they did n't say anything because they were willing to pay the price for entry into weinstein 's super expensive movies .
they were willing to pay what it takes to become that rare star .
rape me , brah , but please give me a job !
why are they suddenly now confessing
i swear to god this alphabet letter got me fucked since day 1 & # 128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580 ; # coño
either he is telling you the truth or you might be a fag hag , especially since you said this has happened before with an ex .. it 's a risk you take dating feminine men .
if you really want to find out .
check grindr , find the account that 's closest to you .
favourite him .
then while away from the house , so he ca n't see the location is near him , catfish him with some random guys pictures on reddit .
try r / gonewild , tons of guys post full body , but make sure there is no head in the picture ( it 's a grindr thing ) .
wait to see response .
" the party of angry , old , white folks " ? ? ?
does n't sound or appear rational to myself , it appears and sounds very racist .
imo your bad   black , face , jim crow , uncle tom joke is in rather poor taste .
and of course that does n't address the women in the republican party .
however , when considering the actual racial composition reflected with in the republican party of hispanic , asian and black voters .
your statement can only be interpreted as racist !
but not really that surprising that you admittedly admire hillary who btw commemorated late sen. robert byrd as " my friend and mentor " .
when it 's well known sen. robert byrd was himself a kkk member and chief recruiter for the klan .
hi pnolan , 

 as someone who strongly believes in a limited lawful government , i agree with you that authority should be challenged each and every day ;   but i argue there are more proper , legal   and productive ways to do this then racing away from a police officer .
as to toms comment on kids lack of respect towards authority , not only do i completely agree with him , but i believe this lack of respect   is the very foundation by which our society is failing .
after all , kids grow up to be adults , and many adults today are just as disrespectful towards others as the very kids they claim to be raising .
the problem is , the samoan community , a tightknit   community here in anchorage probably knows about these thugs better than anyone else probably and they remain silent , or will remain silent .
3 - 2 - 1 cue the delete this message button at adn .
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
why is affirmative action fair ?
as an asian , why do i have to work twice as hard to get to the same place as a black or latino person ?
or for colleges , if the people who applied , the most qualified candidates are asian or white the school must reject applicants who meet standards for someone less qualified just because they are black ?
great article !
it was so nice to read something positive about our economy for once and that we can do other things and be competitive with places outside of alaska .
what a fing pos .
i bet he mostly planted it on color people .
nothing even remotely implicating trump or his campaign here .
i 'm not worried any .
manafort is one of a number of ex and current people who worked for the trump campaign and currently work in his administration with connections to the russian mob .
this includes donald trump and his family .
so , now that it is a fact , anbang will be the primary voice of how seniors in care will be treated in canada , all at taxpayers ' cost of course , thanks to mr. trudeau .
disgusting .
bc is being taken over by the chinese , including little powell river .
that indian bitch is just a dumb cunt
substance is so ... um ... byzantine .
i just hate how niggas be wearing jordan sweat pants with some sketchers shoes :( like brodie you wanna use my sneakers ? & #
128549;&#129300 ; no sw@g & # 128683 ;
she 's an idiot and i hope her idiocy does n't get her killed .
my daughter went on a school trip to japan i got her back after i ordered a slave
this is totally an experience a lot of white kids can relate to .
i once had a friend who wished she was indian - loved the food , dance , culture , everything !
then she went to china and wished she was chinese !
where d you learn that mark zuckerberg sjw community college russians have always been and will always be caucasians of the european continent classifying russians or indians as asians is the same as classifying brazilians as americans
the russians   are coming !
the russians are coming !
omg !
now it 's the chinese are coming !
the chinese are coming !
stuck on stupid .
give it a rest .
does it really matter at all joanna777 ?
the $ 600 million was all spent in the state of alaska , investing in communities that none of the other telecommunication companies would bother touching .
so what exactly is your point ?
if they ban the celtic cross as a hate symbol it 'll make every graveyard in ireland a shrine with thousands crosses in them around or country
@sportslarryknbr amazing ?
he plays in the wcc .
twice a year he gets to play lmu , pepperdine , portland and usf among others
you do realize that ' educated journalist ' is an oxymoron , right ?
they might have a college degree , but left or right , they are n't nearly as smart as they think they are .
" 1 : " " so then kendall jenner sees the handsome people protesting and decides to abandon her photoshoot " " 2 : " " yes , this all sounds very good " " "
hi : 
 chemical engineering with a biochemical option a bird program ? ? ?
only about 1/2 graded that started but the ones that did , did so with good grades .
i went through mech eng(mech 74 ) as an under grad and the good thing about   the engineering area is it a good base to either starting an eit , doing a masters or if you are so inclined : meds .
a buddy and i did our lsat 's back in the day(after grad ) .
we were both in the low 160 's .
he went on into law and i went out to work at a good mech eng job offer .
to this day(over beers)neither of us regrets our moves .
the moral of all this is to do a solid under grad in case you do n't end up being a dr .
this pic shows success and the ghetto all in one area
if yo bestfriend do nt call / act like ur girlfriend when she see a ugly nigga trynna yike w u at a party they ai nt your bestfriend , period .
" she wanted to say " " do n't leave me " " , but she could n't do it , not again .
she was so tired of begging people to love her . "
steven universe spoiler steven won by roasting white wtf
:d - and there i always thought that god is in the midst of his people , not locked behind a little light !
do not get me wrong , i am not mocking the ' real presence ' of the eucharistic offering - but to imagine that our lord is present only in the holy elements beggars belief .
the baptised , i.e. the   laity ( including the ordained ) , are also ' an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace ' , a sacrament .
but i do nt necessarily care for jewelry right now either cuz fuck wearing it , one day ill be designing it
thanks to trump , everyday people of color are even more at risk for attack , and we are going to need protection too , these trump 's racists are everywhere , doing all sorts of shit to people .
there already enough photos of that retarded freak of nature on its twitter page
< user > < user > shit that s a lot of white people in one photo pier would love that
fuck north carolina ! ! !
duke forever bitches ! ! #
nationalchampionship
vv , might using reverend , or pastor work ? ? ?
as mentioned above , our pastors are not our parents .
banning weev for making an observation is not supporting first amendment rights even if it were a call to violence as you said which it obviously was not in that context it was protected under 1 a we have linked you ppl brandenburg v ohio < number > million times
may allah give everyone more braincells
unconfirmed backstory white girl refers to black girl as nigger on facebook black girl responds to prove her wrong
forgot to do something about a population of people that hated america back in the 1860s .
that wound just festered and their children were bred and taught to hate .
taking chink posting seriously hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
but it should report on more .
or do we always only present one side immediately ..... no need to answer that we both know regardless of what the accusations are the answer is yes .
the ones they disagree with will just never get printed .
" unfortunately a lot of diseases can spread through homosexuality " 

 which diseases ' spread through ' homosexuality that do not ' spread through ' heterosexuality ?
boyfriend : : hey , did you hear about those riots in egypt ?
friend : : psh , i do n't care about those sandn*****s anyway .
me and boyfriend : : ( silence ) friend : : what ?
too soon ?
boyfriend : : dude ... she 's arabic .
friend : : oh , where from ?
me : : ... syria .
friend : : oh , syria is n't that bad .
made me feel unsafe .
< number > israel the only country to have its borders defined for a specific nation jewish ppl2 jews pray < number > x times for the re establishment of our h land < number > pali syriana name given by romans to israel other areas < number > jewish sites only evidence of arabs is toilet on har habayit
how do you blindfold a chinese person ?
place a piece of dental floss over his eyes .
much of what is reported in this interesting piece is aided and abetted by ... instant communications ; it becomes a catch-22 : the means of communicating to millions anytime feeds on itself .
thinking time is short because the ability to deliver a message is there , waiting and -- worse -- the pres .
is a tweet junkie .
so many mistakes or " mispeaking " or " missteps " occur simply because there is little time to reflect , and a decision to " say nothing right now " is rare .
that 's the sending end .
on the receiving end , much of the public are now 24/7 news junkies , slavering for updates even when there really are n't any .
legitimacy is threatened .
hence , " fake news . "
just a century ago , it was different : no instant mass communication .
as most people did not live in cities , many never read one of the handful of daily newspapers .
many were illiterate , most had no telephone .
news travelled more slowly ; next week was good enough .
result : less " news . "
not today .
result : chaos reign
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
once racemixing became alluring purely because about < number > of japanese women are not sluts white nationalism became seriously dis alluring i hear < number > of rural russian women are not sluts though so that makes me a russian nationalist woohoo
the same people that complain about us arms subsidies to israel are silent on the billions in aid that has gone missing at the hands of the palestinians .
friend : : it 's probably much harder to be gay than black in america .
gay people do n't have any civil rights .
me : : interesting point of view .
though i usually experience microaggressive behavior targeting my race .
friend : : sorry you 're black .
friend is white and straight .
i 'm black and gay .
made me confused .
rt @thebloodshow : why all these hoes be wearin flowers around they head .
i hope a bee sting they ass
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide .
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white .
what 's another term for leaving your dog in a parked car ?
a chinese pressure cooker
what does the constitution say about immigrants and illegal immigrants amendment < number > section < number > – all persons born or naturalized in the united states and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they reside
i think asians are hot but they are nt the girls i wanna get with .
a wolf is pretty but do you wanna pet one ?
white girls are only ones to be trusted .
i remain bewildered as to what msw 's conception of authentic catholicism could be .
he says the register and ewtn are mountains and rivers away from an accurate expression of catholic teachings .
ladies and gents , we have schism .
the holocaust is n't something to joke about !
my grandfather died in the holocaust !
he fell off of the watch tower .
< user > terrorist protesters all are bangladeshi muslims
so we all just house niggas huh
non whites hate white people plain and simple .
they are taught from birth that white people are the cause of all the problems in the world and every bad thing that happens is because of evil racist white people .
< user > < user > well for one they follow lucifer not a god islam is the problem
understanding the veil : a primer in muslim women 's head coverings [ photo gallery ] - international mission board url
i have heard alot of positive things / stereotypes about polish women towards indian men in poland .
i will be planning to travel to poland some day soon .
might give moldova a shot but it would be better if i could get a background info about the country i appreciate your advice
< user > dammit man get this ching chong shit off my feed
i 'm an autistic subhuman with a 3 inch cock
just wait until they find a school where asian girls are more violent and stupid than black males , and the leftists will have a plan on how to fight the achievement gap .
asians drivers - no survivors !
i am from india .
thanks for keeping that karen ass back in your home town .
you guys have a happy , cheerful and karen free vacation .
she said she was six i said she was a ten
not just because some of us are still beautiful but because white europeans have provided the world with < number > of all scientific technological industrial inventions that is phenomenal folks time we owned it let it be known our creative past potential is unmatched by any other culture
this has been going on for years , so you ca n't blame walker .
you can blame republicans and " la and order " over all types .
wow !
you managed to write two whole lines without mentioning obama , hillary , or common core .
maybe you 're on the road to recovery !
@ilhan you mean the country you want to turn into an islamic caliphate !
< user > < user > had not been muzzies been donated pak amp bangladesh by india already
and i have seen asians mexicans and niggers with the same skin color too so they must be the same race
some all time bits by calling the chinese pigs in the middle of a paid read
ship them out ! ! !
all of them .
make america white again .
not a citizen ?
here illegally ?
fu .
blacks and foreigners ruined this country .
i only ever see leftists fight christian views though .
islamic terrorists slaughter christians by the hundreds every year but no one covers it hardly at all .
url there 's violence and hatred on both sides .
it 's our responsibility as reasonable people to denounce it all .
violence does n't belong in a political discussion .
lukaku fucked that up !
could have put mirralas through for 0 - 2
oh , but according to them , everyone who is n't white and heterosexual is a degenerate !
getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting
the last time he was relevant nixon was president .
shove off carl , no wonder we do n't trust you and your ilk , you have made it clear of your intentions to take down the president as opposed to reporting news .
maybe we need to get ourselves an agenda to deal with the likes of you sir
always comes from countries where blacks are .. smh
< number > in < number > women < number > in < number > men < percent > of lesbian women < percent > of bisexual women < percent > of gay men < percent > of bisexual men no data on nb and trans women are being murdered it statistically impossible for you not to know someone who has experienced domestic violence
women giving out free sex toys to close the orgasm gap • r / feminism
< user > < user > < user > with a room full of white folks
< user > < user > nothing more than serial rapists both of them he raped women and american taxpayers and she raped america and the american taxpayer
again tiger shows his stripes .
how blatantly can you be rasist ?
earn your shit bro - han .
be a man .
precedent ?
my mother 's maiden name is pheifer .
white as white can be .
she married an asian .
made me .
* le commie retard woman : sanghi men ugly .
no girl marry sanghi man .
sanghi man boooooo !
meanwhile commies be looking like this 🤣 url
a couple of " wish we were niggas " wanna a be pussies .
weak as fuck !
recognize that white american catholics are complicit in putting trump in the white house , and then think what the roman catholic church has become .
freedom is finishing the yearbook !
and yay newspaper , the newest print edition is beautiful !
it 's a good day for ars press & # 128151 ;
" brown people are invading this country and we need to fight back " " i am not a white supremacist but they 'll probably call me one anyway "
this child is causing white genocude and deserves tk be lynched
fuck cheating asian dog cunts
got a news flash for trump , klan and others ; black community and brown community fastest growing in north america .
deal with it !
happy pride month fellow gays
more chinese nonsense ...
why are aspirins white ?
because they work
< user > how do you distance yourself from nazism but at the same time you speak at their march
" to ensure that the experience of 2016 never happens again " 

 -twitter 

 told you .
education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - jews , non - whites and liberal women run and ruin everything .
so in a way native americans are asians in america
i actually voted for cruz - i just replied to you on the other thread .
he needs to knock it off , if he does n't his own party will impeach him .
splc ‏ < user > 6 h6 hours ago in the ten days following donald trump victory < date > we have confirmed < number > incidents of harassment intimidation and even violence splcisahategroup
the u.s. voting system is not at fault .
the problem is the type of person that can get elected under such a system .
hillery clinton would have been controversial in her own way but for far different reasons .
the election result comes down to a question of competency .
mr. trump is popular enough to get elected but is a poor managerial choice .
last june , on the day he was supposed to board a plane back to his home country of mexico , jose robles took refuge in a church in downtown seattle .
when he could no longer avoid reporting to immigration , his family and community rallied around him .
url
the dv charge just disappeared !
no special treatment here , huh .
are you telling me that all veterans have dv charges dropped in this special court ?
are you saying that you and your children were exposed to an over - the - counter product containing 2,4 - d , and that is the reason you and   your children had positive results in your urinalyses ?
in a post about refugees , one philadelphia officer wrote , " let them starve to death .
i hate every last one of them " and " should have shot him " about a video of an armed , would - be robber .
other philadelphia officers made posts belittling domestic abuse and black lives matter .
you look like you can fit at least three dicks in your mouth at once .
i hope he blew his dick off so he ca n't make more morons
" like she did nt yell but " " oh i see you ll spend thousands on yourself but not your mom ok i see fine " " um it was 2k and what would i even get "
the somali community brace for backlash always the same some mudslime murders someone the rest go into victim mode
these bitchass niggas bashing others for binge watching got should just fuck out of here ugot ayingowakulo bani
i always found german cars overpriced with lower reliability than their japanese counter parts .....   german reliability is on par with usa vehicles ...... (give or take ) ?
this tea tastes like garbage but if the model on the front got a snatched waist ya girl about to have one too
stupid asian bitch you 're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
i really ca n't believe albertans will get behind kenney 's schmaltzy sneering & ranting at quebec , trudeau and bc .
imo notley should stay on course , not stoop to kenney 's level and probably lay off the scary social conservative rhetoric .
kenney 's stomach churning enough without that going on .
this is dreadful , backed by greedy chinese investors who do nt give a crap about our environment or quality of life .
chinese money is destroying the environment all over the world , riding roughshod over local people and nature .
there is plenty of brownland available for redevelopment in this area .
this is where this project belongs .
most who are in any situation where any sort of punishment or disciplinary actions are used ( e.g. schools or the military ) agree that there is a racial disparity - black and latinos are punished less harshly than their white or asian counterparts .
no wants the paperwork unless they have to .
unfortunately , little jamekiel has been told by his parent from birth that he does n't need to listen to the man , who is just trying to keep him down .
so he has no manners or idea how to behave in a group setting and ends up getting in trouble repeatedly .
canada keeps receiving garbage from that philippines in the form of people trying to immigrate here .
send the trash back ! ! ! !
breaking up with a japanese girl is so annoying ... you have to drop the bomb on her twice before she gets it .
( while reading a magazine ) me : : i did n't know that ( asian american actor ) is from ( city near my hometown ) .
white friend : : oh , i always thought he was from china or something .
me : : ... he has a strong american accent .
friend : : oh , well , he looks like he's ... asian .
made me , an asian american , upset that people will always be judged by the way they look and not how they act .
even though i was born and raised in new york , since my skin is brown , will people always assume that i 'm some foreigner ?
the gasping old party ca n't win because they have alienated the vast majority of women , blacks , latinos , asians , millennials , lgbts , the poor - the list goes on .
and this continues despite the ' autopsy ' the party big wigs held years back that concluded the republican'ts must have a ' bigger tent . '
so much for that .
how shameful that murkowski , sullivan and young are all in for trump .
that is proof positive that they do n't listen to the people they are supposed to represent , and put party over all else .
they 'll own that for years and years .
pathetic .
so twitter is now locking people out again it just more of the same ghetto harassment by a far left progressive maoist company they are not interested in anything but pc speech controlled by soyboys and obese blue haired feminiists with septum piercings twitter is not worth the hassle gogab
if you guys did n't do t - mobile tuesday 's i would be going in on you .
questioning where all our money is going to https://t.co/9zgwsq3aro
lol .
classic liberal elitist hypocrisy .
$ 2million measly dollars to make up for the billions that " radical " california leftists make off the 500 k in china making slave wages to make iphones , ipads , etc .
racism against asians is never a problem for the liberal left .
i am very much looking forward to this production .
far from being inappropriate , i think music and theater and art are by far the the most effective ways , hands down , to deal with these often confoundingly challenging subjects to be broached across the generation gap(s ) , and all i can say is that i sure wish * i * would have had an opportunity for an honest inquiry like this myself when i was their age .
it would have quite possibly saved me a good amount of hardship and frustration in the years to follow … 

 cheers , 

 ~scotty
" if you text or message me " " what s up " " there s a 100 % chance i 'm going to ignore you , at least try to say something interesting & # 128580 ; "
the only two things that work in this world are money and violence and money only works by purchasing violence or purchasing protection from violence
@hotarumiyasaki about rennora , it 's really obvious for me that nora is head over heel for ren since they first appear , lol .
i also think that it 's quite heteronormativity .
everyone just automatically assume that two male and female character will romantic relationship if they appear together
ca nt wait for my foreign friends to get married so i can do cultural appropriation without getting in trouble
" @erikssonmalin85 : # questionsformen ever walked home in dark seen another person and becomed scared ? "
men are attacked 4 times more often .
< user > < user > last time i checked he has < number > career sacks vs the eagles layne johnson has made him his bitch
if you leave mayonnaise out to long in the sun it stinks like wet dog or in the rain white people fear black people but they 're not afraid of lions tigers and bears obviously .
check information about air times of the clinton show " scandalous "
yes we do really know all the facts .
it 's all on video start to finish .
the rapper and his bodyguard and entourage were followed and harassed and then had to defend themselves yet the shit swedish law is heavily skewed to protect the latest addition to the swedish gene pool aka there " migrants " .
no more chinese immigration into the usa they are just like sand niggers and jews simply here to exploit us
i said ignore not mute i am following you retard
< user > zayn is a fucking god
those women have lots of plastic surgery .
this kaiser pharmacy has a sign saying shoplifters will be prosecuted .
because , you know , being poor & amp ; sick is n't bad enough .
wow .
i 'm almost speechless , rj , at how deluded you seem to be .
it seems you think you are throwing haymakers , when you are rhetorically not even landing any punches ! :)
but i am not speechless yet because , fortunately , the more times you try to get up off the mat , this " conversation " becomes more amusing and less annoying :)   so your banality has not yet become completely stupefying -- yet :) 

 as for your latest " lesson " about the constitution -- oops , my bad , you are correct the 14th amendment is not in the bill of rights .
but you continue to remind me of some anal - retentive teacher 's pet who seeks praise for pointing out that a particular word is mis - spelled , when the word itself is completely irrelevant to the actual thought being expressed :) 

 hence , i am almost speechless again because i am at a loss about what i else i can do bring you up to speed other than to repeat myself in the hope your reading comprehension will eventually improve .
con't below ( you now know what that means , right ? :)
🤧   the limousine liberal jews and wasps who want to assuage their white guilt .. sjw maladjusted gays and nigs so they can pester and bother me ; bullshit wack monotheist judeo - christianity values that 's i 'm suck when i leave chinatown
indian women deserve all the rape and female infanticide they get from muslims in india
so am i , i 'll let them sit there for days before i reply , even if i ' m hanging out here .
sabotage ?
did they have to call it off ?
and you have the temerity to imply that the " sjw blowhards " are the hyperbolists .
recently the dp made up an article saying drinking was down ... come on if your gon na make stuff up at least be consistant .... they are trying to make the taylor swift case a big deal but when you see the shots on tv about 6 people are in line   and the station is trying to hype it up but when nothing is there you can fool the camera .
the media is a mess ....
you know what i like more than cookies ?
an asian with the ability to speak english without an asian accent .
good job !
erivo understands .
she supports a casting call 4 only ... afro - caribbeans , was it ?
views herself as west african & british , and proudly proclaims it & advocates for more representation for those * specific*groups .
but now # ados are supposed to accept a flattened blackness ?
i like when they pretty and ghetto type of bitch that don ’ t even say hello
" i never learned hate at home , or shame .
i had to go to school for that . "
~ dick gregory
question why has the sub now got nsfw tags on everything you ’d think it would be common sense not to click on a post in dark jokes while at work
my girl asked me what i thought about babies apparently " depends on how they 're cooked " is not an acceptable answer .
not sure what bucks argument was on that call .... you must throw to the base if you do n't step off the rubber ... that 's a basic balk ruling
sister lynn has said it well .
your family holds such a dear place in our memories .
your mom 's sense of humor and her ready laugh are a precious part of those past times in our lives .
i know you will miss her .
love to you all .
jan ( honea ) kornstad
@dominickevans i do wanna say that just because someone is trans does nt mean they re an ally !
i know some trans people who literally do not seem to really care about my pronouns and it sucks .
yes i know its a very small percentage , but some people just .
do nt care unless its about them :/
i daresay the only shrieking and flailing in this entire comment board is coming from your endless gibberish , a rare and useless talent that you have no other use for apparently .
convention stress , zine stress , moving stress , friendships stress and other things are killing me and i need time away .
@deanmajors @insideedition @psychologydoc the eyes ... the mans unhinged .
i would n't be surprised if they discovered bodies in his cellar .
i do n't understand the preacher thing - they all seem delusional
gt goes by she them gt lesbian very panicked lesbian gt no lewd i am a minor gt multishipping with chemistry and or plotting
you can afford to be in denial .
it 's unlikely some drunk redneck with a grudge will come up and shoot you for looking " foreign " ( as ' foreignness ' is perceived by white supremacist americans ) .
and that this was a case of ' mistaken identity ' because -- judging from the victims ' names , national origins and relatives ' modes of dress -- they were south asian hindus rather than " middle eastern " muslims does n't really change anything for the guy this idiot murdered .
some of us , however , ca n't afford the luxury of denial .
i damned sure wo n't turn my back on you , if i can help it ...
< user > trump erroneously presented the total number of aliens in the country < number > million as the number of illegal aliens in this country
asian roastie cries for help after ricecel realizes she 's using him as beta - bux , and that white chads do n't want her anymore .
ontario 's high energy rates are no accident .
the liberals believe in degrowth .
see bill 172 ( climate change mitigation and low - carbon economy act , 2016 ) and bill 151 ( waste - free ontario act , 2016 ) at www.ontla.on.ca .
see also : 
 " ontario to spend $ 7 - billion on sweeping climate change plan " ( theglobeandmail.com , may 16 , 2016 ) 
 " strategy for a waste free ontario :   building the circular economy " ( downloads.ene.gov.on.ca ) .
what ’s japan ’s national sport ?
hangman
thank you , david .
enjoyed your response .
agree with you that statues are odd : the obvious , rather gauche ‘ immortality projects ’ of previous generations left clogging up contemporary landscapes ; the feeble expressions of fragile egos attempting to bolster claims of victory and superiority .
am more in favour of “ winners ” renaming areas instead .
as tiresome as it can prove for those navigating an area after it has been renamed , the process does offer the benefits of being relatively easy , inexpensive and efficient .
it is also much easier for the next set of “ winners ” to declare their " victory " in the future .
i knew that many people would disagree with this post , however if you disagree , do as alg1 did and at least try to convince me that i 'm wrong .
got myself a new job bitches ! & #
128074 ;
wave- congrats on being the last person alive who actually believes this .
let us guess : you also think taking pills turns males into females , and if you wear axe body spray , females will magically be turned on to you .
says the chinese 50 center .... 
 free tibet !
evict the chinese running dog imperialists !
< user > < user > lets keep spamming ching chong so we can see this buffoon exploit the definition of racism
you will never feel the love of a female 
 how does this make you feel ?
cool story bro tell me the one about the based nigger in a trump hat next
< user > < user > shit that s a lot of white people in one photo pier would love that
like , that 's not even a clever joke ? ? ?
@footballears i 'm not sexist , all my favourite films have lesbians in .
# moreacceptablethors : thorldemort , racist uncle thor , smells - like - roofing - tar thor , cocky lifeguard thor , dmv employee thor
hi , the local npr station here did a series of stories on being black in seattle .
you might check it out : ​ [ url - in - seattle](url - in - seattle )
veterans action opportunity : end abusive actions of veterans affairs public affairs officers : end water waste at california va facilities
no kejriwal , that 's not what we mean when we say , ' women should be able to roam free ' !
url
@realdoodoobrown @starsandstripes 🤣 🤣 🤣 you should try being more creative in trying to hurl insults , somewhat childish and very low iq .
maybe you 're the rascist pos 🤣
when the power goes out and you 're in a room full of dead cats and you find out there was just an earthquake that you did n't feel : ----- ) oh
i hope the author of this article will take note of this comment : in 2008 canadian banks crashed just like the rest of thw world .
however , since canada main / only industry is immigration , and possibly to protect a select few , the political parties ( cons , libs , ndp , greens , senatte , etc [ stephen harpers ' government was a minority government - so all were in on it ! ] )
bailed out the banks secretly .
the cmch took over the mortgages and together with the cbc / media , realtors association and by the use of computers fixed the housing prices to ' recover ' the bailout money .
long story short people in the know cashed out and canadians , famous for their hubris complext bought the lie ( only a canadian would believe that while the rest of the world failed , canada could have super - intelligent politicians ) .
this situation is not recoverable unless the government admits to this ' fraud ' , which will make the ' hubris - complex ' dissappear ... ( i wish i had more space to write )
yes yes but it is never mentioned it would be racist i was watching some fashion show with all faces walking the runway i thought soon they will want only white women as they realize the globe is filled with black and brown faces minority white hires with no guilt
" as rail stations come online and become the major hubs in each community , travel patterns will shift accordingly " 
 " technically , tam is right , however " 
 yes he is .
there s a gay form grindr in btusn club that i lnow
i have sooooo much shit to do today before i leave for messsico tomorrow that its giving me anxiety ☹ ️
yeah , i saw that ad on tv with the asian guy and the white girl and it bothered me .
much of what is reported in this interesting piece is aided and abetted by ... instant communications ; it becomes a catch-22 : the means of communicating to millions anytime feeds on itself .
thinking time is short because the ability to deliver a message is there , waiting and -- worse -- the pres .
is a tweet junkie .
so many mistakes or " mispeaking " or " missteps " occur simply because there is little time to reflect , and a decision to " say nothing right now " is rare .
that 's the sending end .
on the receiving end , much of the public are now 24/7 news junkies , slavering for updates even when there really are n't any .
legitimacy is threatened .
hence , " fake news . "
just a century ago , it was different : no instant mass communication .
as most people did not live in cities , many never read one of the handful of daily newspapers .
many were illiterate , most had no telephone .
news travelled more slowly ; next week was good enough .
result : less " news . "
not today .
result : chaos reign
as a group , trump supporters are becoming the newest icon of what it means to be intellectually challenged .
kind of like an aggie joke in texas .
trump stole the election with the help of putin .
i believe that drug addicts and alcoholics will be able to escape their dependency ... just as easily and effectively , as their detractors can escape their judgemental , self - righteousness .
dump the trump .
trump has to be impeached , before he pollutes america .
< user > < user > fred could nt renew his mind enough god almighty snapped his neck without violence u want do that again
glad he 's changing his sign .
what next ?
no jews ?
no asians ?
not mentioned so far : 
 = hillary clinton worked on a valdez slime line for about a week one summer ,   then she was either fired or the place closed down .
she survived and probably got some insights .
= alaska is probably better off when these summer hires take their money and experiences and leave , rather than sticking around for the winter on unemployment and some forms of public assistance .
= my experience in a fairbanks staff hotel was that a disproportionate number of the bulgarians were jerks , or that the jerks were bulgarians .
smoking in prohibited areas and making noise .
that did not improve international relations one bit for people who had to be out around 5:30 am .
also many male asians in shorts using internet connections in the halls .
not much international interaction there either .
= like other experiences , it is pretty much what you want to make of it .
it helps massively to have your own transportation .
i drove up and used the ferry , and then claimed tax deduction .
< user > does the camel jockey prince get to bring his bone saws
@navitzothamawi1 @crocodile_lyle @gaywonk @youtube get back to me when dudes in rainbow hoods are riding through town in the night targeting heterosexuals after 400 years of their being enslaved as breeders , finally securing their freedom , and buying some land that the gay majority wants . (
i do n't expect you to get that either . )
butterfeet is famous for stealing lasagna so be aware when you are making it
< user > she cares more about opening the economy then all those who have dies from gun violence dana the witch at it again
she paid only after she was busted .
dolph and his fucking shawn michaels impression . #
saynotopreshows
main white house leakers : 

 among the sources he taped , i 'm told , are steve bannon and former white house deputy chief of staff katie walsh .
happy pride everyone , lucretia is a lesbian !
@thezonecast # thezonecast # theadventurezone url url
just heard the clinton 's ny home is on fire ....
breaking : colorado becomes the 18th state to protect lgbtq youth from conversion therapy !
signed by @jaredpolis today at the state capital ✅ # bornperfect
are you saying that you and your children were exposed to an over - the - counter product containing 2,4 - d , and that is the reason you and   your children had positive results in your urinalyses ?
they also said the same thing about the white girls that was severely beaten on halloween a few years ago and also about the pregnant woman that was beaten in front of her own house .
< user > < user > why is it that straight men like to watch dykes get dicked down
i hear these spanish and oriental kids speaking and i think they must speak english because they go to school and have to communicate with their teachers .
zero reason for president trump to listen to the 9th circuit or other shitlib judges when the supreme court unanimously overturns their shitty communist decisions !
why come here if you hate white people so much ?
funny how everyone wants to come to white nations though is n't it !
i mean mexico for mexicans , india for indians , china for chinese , japan for japanese , me for arabs but white nations for everyone ? ?
your anti white hatred shows ?
why come here if you do n't like music , pork , beer seeing women dressed normal , dogs ?
there is lots of room in the me for you .
oh i know why they come here , it 's for the welfare !
i do miss the old days of european migrants who worked their butts off and made this country great !
built this country , defended this country against that dictator you seem to associate us with .
you are anti white , please leave you are n't good enough for canadian values , why do n't we let smart hardworking latino 's or asians in ?
want to talk about the racism in white queer spaces that dressed up as preferences yes absolutely here for it want to talk about how genital preferences can be transphobic here for it pushing that only one sexuality is morally right nope you have completely lost it
america was   " never white " you ignorant asshole !
america was " invaded and fucking stolen " from the rightful indigenous people of this country !
native americans !
when the white invaders landed , brown people were already here ! !
don't vote for the dumb fuck rick tyler !
url url
question why has the sub now got nsfw tags on everything you ’d think it would be common sense not to click on a post in dark jokes while at work
it just flies into the fucking fire place i'md fjkxnfbvjkfd gk
thanks , read trump 's platform and cato on crime rates .
immigrants in general are less crime prone ( though data collection is admittedly questionable , see also coulter 's book ) , but " separating mexicans from other immigrants , the former commit 3.5 to 5 times as many crimes as the average native . "
and trump uses horrific anecdotes , not claiming ' how major ' the immigrant crime problem is .
the point is , any immigrant crime , if immigration is at our discretion , can be seen as objectionable .
and 76,000 admittedly criminal aliens are being released from confinement without deportation .
crime is like lightning : ok if declining on average but when you are hit by it , the stats do n't matter , do they ?
i hope japan gets nuked again for spawning weeb shit
< user > < user > < user > that right < number > call them deplorables they will be shamed into not voting failure < number > call them racists they will be shamed into not voting failure < number > call them white supremacists and say trump is going to be impeached gee i wonder what will happen
lol chinese enjoy moan of whiners .
chinese do n't need to " claim control " , it is already under chinese control and part of chinese land .
what i said is the karez system was introduced there only for 100 years , by chinese .
so no need for any guy to pretend to worry about it .
playing crocodile tear is just stupid .
no the town of coupeville officials are not anti - navy and yes they are pro - citizens ! ! ! !
as worded that could be a true statement if that is what was intended .
but is that what we the working class citizens of island county should believe or is that what we are being programed to believe as true ?
i suggest   look to the other washington and stop for minute and   compare the campaign of the " make america great again " , movement   that elected president trump and his billionaire white house cabinet buddies and the promise of greatness .
which now appearance to be a future of oil pipelines , open pit coal mines and a ever rising stock market to just mention few points of greatness .
now using the   protest campaign of coer for comparison , now question is there any possibility of likelihood of intent to mislead for a hidden agenda ?
the average working citizens of   island county   just substitute carpet - baggers for citizens in coer .
what ya think ?
so what has the gasping old party learned since its ' autopsy ' of 2012 ( and 2008 ) - they continue to alienate women , blacks , latinos , asians and other minorities , millennials , lgbts , non - saber rattlers , people who care for our planet .
no republican can win the presidency with a constituency of old , angry , bible thumping white folks .
the votes simply are not there in today 's tumble of real world diversity   - one they refuse to acknowledge and embrace .
as for lisa , she is increasingly speaking to alaskans with a forked tongue while appeasing the gop and her campaign contributors .
disappointing .
y'all think cam did that ?
😂 non niggas been stealing our shit for centuries 😂 😂 😂
< user > cries in ching chong
abraham lincoln was absolutely a gay man .
if you want to sleep with people for " warmth " , you sleep with your wife , he slept with his boyfriend , it was surprisingly common knowledge at the time .
the reason the whole " sleeping for warmth " myth came around in the first place is because homosexuality was frowned upon at the time .
i thought it was because they wanted to be prettier than the liberal women 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
so much for timeliness .
ncaa-- non considerate athletic administration
yea , but you and mr wertz are obviously republicans , right ?
< user > here is what must be done the media says look at the majority of trump voters they are white whites are a majority of the republican party jews are < number > of population yet look at fed scotus and media that is our best argument
hahaha an indian talking about moslem rapists while her ilk gangbang women on buses indians are as perverted as moslems just as uncivilised like moslems they have to go to civilised western countries to live in civilised houses with real toilets rather than shitting in the streets like cows
that goo is dripping off face of his sycophants but they still defend him .
gurggly bubbly words try to form but bubbles is all that project from their mouth .
it gets worse as he loads up and squirter them with his manly bully tweets .
he hoses down his followers but they scream for more .
sad .
ivanka and melania are silent .
you really really really < user > do not like indians every fucking day you just post ugly indian women nonstop we fucking get it indians are ugly like omg stfu with these ugly fucking indians
so it seems fagbook let me back in but let see how long that last before the ghetto welfare queens kings pc sjw and trannies start whining and blocking me from my free speech rights
wow so no more paintings of police as murderous pigs by untalented minorities no more gay porn touted as art i am good with that
ya gota be fecken kiddin me st patrick was not black ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i think the world of police officers .
without them we 'd be living on the set of walking dead .
they see the worst people in the worst situations and that has to affect your mindset .
but i often wonder if their hiring practices - which i assume gives preference to veterans - might be causing some of these encounters .
is it possible that someone whose life was under constant threat from the insurgent civilians in another country might have a defensive adrenaline spike in these situations that someone who has n't lived through that would not ?
i say this with no disrespect to veterans ... but having been through war in which the enemy is all around you and you do n't know who 's friend and who 's foe unlike say wwii for example has to leave a scar .
my grandfather stopped smoking twenty years ago today .
i 'll never forget that house fire .
< user > < user > red i fucking hate you for retweeting this
that prince who married that asian is a freak .
imagine his half and half kids growing up and trying to marry into other royal families
people are just like trees they fall after you hit them several times with an axe .
words fail trudeau ... ?
i believe the " conflict of ethics commissioner " would disagree with that assertion .
< user > lmfao i ’ m a bitch now lmaoo i ’ m weak go off sis
when are you going to be on trs or another podcast you filthly zipperhead
he 's gon na ching chong rape you and kill you with a hammer
i do nt hate muslims or black people are you out of your mind i do hate pakis though but that okay because they are not humans
👍 great thanks for info you know me i think i know everything so there was a chink in my bs now repaired lol < happy > 😎 🤡
we need to spread more videos around haman : wntube - youtube the white nationalist way ...
i actually voted for cruz - i just replied to you on the other thread .
he needs to knock it off , if he does n't his own party will impeach him .
for a month , everyone in india politicized the world cup by comparing the team to abhinandan .
explains the * fall * of wickets now .
looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
* you dumb hate spewing waste of oxygen , do n't be angry simply because you 're a disgusting inbred spawn of uncreative culture vultures who stole everything they came across and claimed it as their own .
mongoloid nazi scum like you need a bullet in your mentally defective skulls , there 's a special place for hateful people in you hell , and how many of you are left , like 3 ?
lol .
die already . *
👊 🏼 👊 🏼 🖕 🏼
< user > did not ching chong swat his friend or something
we all want the females that are smart and look like top model but imporant is to ask ourselves : do we deserve ?
every single white country is getting swamped with 3rd world trash .
look around .
this man is an attention whore .
if he is suffering with mental health issues i wish he would get some help .
the fact that he used mental illness to gain popularity on social media is sickening .
if john lennon were blown up by muslim terrorist imagine all the pieces
none of which , obviously , kept him from accepting the job of president .
got ta admit that takes a brass pair .
which does nt speak very highly about the value of brass . . .
what kind of retard would put mooslem women and honor in the same sentence and anyone can see where their head is at by using the word keep women hell i do not even keep my cat and no westerner ever forced plastic surgery on me a fucking islam apologist wrote that shit
yes they .
you took away christian beliefs and freedoms cuz it hurt your fuckin feelings .
now you just want to stomp out freedom of religion and speech at the same time protesting for nothing
disarm us so that the muzzies find it easier to kill that is their end goal
ah , did you get triggered ?
morning 
 in accounting you need to reflect the invoice cost in your books which would r 25 / kg in this example .
the rebates are generally as a percentage and are services rendered separate from the invoice .
as originally pointed out the removal of the rebate system and its replacement by a normal distribution model would not necessarily change the price of the goods in the consumers ' hands and neither would it change the income actually received by the producer .
on the basis that the rebate income is fully utilised for the marketing of the particular lot or consignment that is linked to there is no financial benefit to the retailer .
it merely understates your gross margin which is useful marketing bumpf for the retailer .
if not all the rebate income is used for its supposed purpose it becomes other income and is a direct benefit to the retailer .
@shadaya_knight it is so pathetic , the little girl should be expelled
i am a retarded fucking jew
@vicwith2soles the jews lmao .
you stupid .
nigger women asian women gipsy women arab women they all wanna be white they all imitate us
# 13reasonswhy bryce is a fucking asshole and represents everything that 's wrong with people / the world
i know the thing on ebay said its first edition so i guess so , its still sitting at 51 $ so i am hoping it stays there and ill just bid like crazy the last few minutes of the auction and hopefully get it .
why are asian penises so small ?
so they can reset their calculators
i went out with an old friend the other day for a few drinks .
you forgot you were black ?
leonard pitts , let me tell you this , i like a lot of white   people do n't give a shit what color your skin is .
you treat me with respect and you 'll get respect , i do n't give a shit about your fucking skin color .
your article is such bullshit , there have been all kinds of programs and welfare programs for the lazy no - hopers to lazy to work .
why is there not a special month for other races ?
why ?
they helped build america too , chinese , koreans , lateno 's etc .
oh and whitey 
 white people did n't enslave your race , your own enslaved your race in africa .
so go bitch at yourself in the mirror , i 'm tired of your battle cries like a lot of others .
the white race freed the slaves from what their own put them into , slavery- 

 we owe you nothing
< user > hugo lloris could not catch corona if a chinaman sneezed in his gob
< user > you incite violence you are proud of it mass shooters white van driving maga bombers racists rapists and dirty cops you should be charged with obstruction threats and witness tampering you goon
here comes silverstein to white knight for faggotry while taking potshots at < user > ‍ you are a pathetic faggot consider an hero
homosexual acts are a sin .
welcome to america home the degenerate globalist scum who pride themselves on brainwashing and manipulating other people children in the hopes of eventually creating a mindless ghetto of exquisite slave perfection
what do you call a cannibalistic ethiopian ?
dead
you say , vaguely :   " catholic hierarchy including kurtz , vigano , lori and cordileone have been involved with groups that are associated with hate groups . . .
that specialize in the discrimination of a " group " be it jewish , or black , or female , or gay or muslim or whatever . "
good grief .
if you want to accuse , then accuse .
have the courage of your convictions .
tell us the names of the groups that kurtz , et al .
are involved in ; how those groups are " associated with hate groups " ; who those hate groups are ; and what kurtz et al .
have done to warrant the accusation of racism .
otherwise , your charge of racism is odious . . .
racism being one of the worst things a person can be ( imho ) .
india not only proved they are overrated , chokers but also pussies in home away conditions 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
never understood why someone feels the need to proud of their race at all .
you did nothing to earn it , you ca n't change it , it does n't ( should n't ) matter to anyone and if it does that 's their problem not yours .
if a person wants to look back through history and take pride in their ancestors accomplishments well , ok , but that 's not a personal achievement .
you could as well claim to be proud of your gender , or your height , and that would all seem pretty meaningless .
if we define ourselves by our colour , then others will too .
not a good thing in general , if history is any lesson .
i would like to know on what planet some retarded girly man with diseased teeth is supposed to be handsome
" rt @sargon_of_akkad : @abcroosevelt @addamschloe i do n't hate him .
i 'm tired of idiots wasting my time with what they think are " " gotcha " " mom … "
just bcs being single does nt have to mean lonely .
the only thing i want to committed right now is bettering myself & # 128540 ;
i think it will take cpl years to rebuild .
my concern is can   this coaching staff go to the mainland and recruit some decent athletes .
todays athletes probably have n't heard much about the staff and their accomplishments .
they could check ah mows bio on the internet on her accomplishments but not much on her coaching , and i belive for some athletes that makes a difference .
hope for the best .
trump spent entire month spouting racial , immigrant and islamic hatred & attacked a jewish jounalist .
what does he think will happen when he gloats over a crime to a black man rep cummings .
crimes against poc are good ?
he has told racists they are " fine people " # trumpterrorist
yea i agree .
for straight people it may seem a bit much , but for people of the community it feels like the best thing you could imagine , knowing that other people are like you i see how as a straight it may be a bit annoying tho :(
why do so many filthy wetback half - breed spic savages live in # losangeles ?
none of them have any right at all to be here .
i 'm going to become an alcoholic and a smoker and still be physically healthy 
 alcohol is a great cope
fucking infidels .
allah will take care of them
fuck people who act racist as a joke .
i do n't give a shit if you think its edgy and cool .
in a country where the president himself is openly racist you should fucking know better .
health always comes first i m so proud of everything you 've accomplished with this i love you my honey # 수고했어요쫑디 & # 128140 ;
> what do you think happens when an immigrant moves here ?
in general ... they get wealthier
some are and some are not .
you will find that with everything in life .
but whites tend to be more raspecfull to everyone
demographics .
that being said , the needles they 've been poking her with are most certainly bigger than anything a little gook could hope to have .
let those fuck face cock sucking cunt get called as mass murderer .
they will be remembered for killing innocent ciitzens .
their punishment will be their wives raped .
or probably their daughter
being gay and lesbian goes against the teachings of the bible .
read leviticus 18:22 .
anyone with homosexual thoughts / behavior are not true christians or perform sinful acts
we have been much better than brugge we have had more chances and we have controlled the game the two chances they had they scored cuz courtois is a fucking bum
when the entire non - white world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self - defense .
i think it 's a law that when a pizza hut closes , it has to be turned into an asian food place ... 
 i wonder how many cats died ?
@_burgesspt cause southern guys suck lol
what time do japs go to the dentist ?
tooth - hurty 

 ( this was my grandpa ’s favorite racist joke , he just passed away and i wanted to share it with everyone )
ah yes the pseudo penis estrus rite of swinging wildly while some marxist racist white bitch teacher stands in the middle dance nicely caught on an african safari the cameraman must have set up for days behind a blind to catch that shot
always wear sunglasses when you are eating lunch in your car cos people will think you are an undercover policeman instead of some loser who is eating lunch on their own in their car .
all immigrants are trash this is a white country trump 2020
substance is so ... um ... byzantine .
my god india is such a shit hole
i wish someone loved me the way my cat loves me sike bitch is annoying
i 'm glad the japanese tourist numbers are rebounding again .
they visit , they enjoy , they spend and make a positive impact during their stay .
unlike the mainland chinese who are the worst tourists i 've ever seen / heard .
they visit , they enjoy , they yell and scream in the malls , stores , restaurants and beaches .
they cut in front of you in lines .
they spit all over the place and blow snot rockets in hotel lobbys .
they urinate on the beaches and let their babies poop right on the sand .
mainland chinese tourists are reviled all over the world and they sure do n't care about our little piece of paradise .
i know we are a tourist destination and have to cater to everyone , but we get no respect from the mainlanders .
i repeat , i 'm referring to mainlanders only , so do n't come down on me for being anti chinese .
i 'm not .
i just have no respect for how the mainlanders act here .
they 're behavior may be okay in the prc , but not here .
put the bible down and go eye for an eye for this shit
i have n't seen a chinese bark guess the saying " you are what you eat " is n't true
< user > if we avoid the brown mutt path i think humanity has to speciate the west and asians are too far ahead of the others you will always end up with a high level of segregation and discord mixing the lower populations and the gap is only accelerating
my manager calls me over to the front desk to translate for someone .
i speak cantonese , the customer speaks khmer .
manager : : " well are n't asian languages all similar to each other ? "
a will is a public document .
the probate process makes it public .
insurance contract beneficiaries ( including segregated funds ) are private .
every single white country is getting swamped with 3rd world trash .
look around .
upon careful review of this indictment of paul manafort and # rickgates the question needs to be asked - where was the fbi and doj in 

 2005 
 2006 
 2007 
 2008 
 2009 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 2013 
 2014 
 2015 
 2016 

 while mueller , comey , holder , and lynch were at the helm ?
well at least mulan is of asian descent , makes sense .
meanwhile in norway : ariel is apparently a black character .
pretty evident someone is dropping the ball .
never been to europe or the u.k. , but the asians are some crazy drinkers , and they 're very civil .
yeah , liver disease is in their top 5 for death , but they also live on average 3 years longer than us ( at least in taiwan ) .
their diet is a big difference , though .
no that would be the second person he described as in the curry nigger that married to a kikess israel supporter keep up shitheel
< user > < user > like nigga care
if i 'm sharing my nigga with every other bitch why tf do i want him .
he ai n't no longer special .
the heck .
how come smaller people always feel the need to 1 up me ?
i see it happen to bigger dudes all the time .
it 's some bs , and annoying .
just made an account today , tried to have a discussion on male sexuality , and i 'm banned from srs ...
many fat little piggy princelings in china -- but alas with   no children any more soon there will be no chinese just africans in china -- so sad .
an inmate told me his best pickup line . "
do n't turn this rape into a murder . "
my mama always have a whole explanation why she take forever in the grocery store like girl you just take forever .
forcing women to have children they do n't want is barbaric .
something missing where are all the blacks and muslims almost every ad and programme on tv has blacks n asians in it so the picture is incorrect racist where me one way tardis
sometimes i question myself by the people around me .
they cause me to change how i am , no wonder i 'm so fucked up .
c : # bot
_ " list the high quality projects downtown ... " _ -- ceeduck 

 nice dodge , but we see that you changed your " expert " claim and have limited it now to downtown .
at this point , you 've pontificated enough as an expert dismissing all comments not in line with yours , shading the facts and ignoring the inconvenient fact that the article is about mupte in eugene .
i 'd say it 's time you let folks know who you are and your credentials .
the appearance is that you have a personal financial interest in tax breaks , but we wo n't really know as long as you continue to post anonymously .
thanks , 

 paul
backing leeds all season , waiting on them for £ 300 & amp ; they ca n't even deliver .
finished with them hope they do n't even get play offs now&#128405;&#127995 ;
i now understand why japanese people are so skinny .
< repeat > last time they had a fat man in japan , it did n't go too well for them .
< repeat >
" there should be equality between women and men in all aspects of life . "
until men start giving birth and nursing infants , that 's not possible .
to ignore the obvious differences is insanity .
however , that does n't mean we should n't strive for equality between the sexes where equality is possible .
the passenger was a 69 yr old asian chinese , some say a doctor .
the manhandlers were with the chicago dept of aviation , not chicago police .
the passenger got hurt being dragged across armrests , then dragged down the aisle .
right or wrong , three husky security types manhandling a 69 year old guy .
disgusting .
disarm us so that the muzzies find it easier to kill that is their end goal
and so goes the succession reality for all .. it 's kind of like britex you do n't get to play when you leave and you can take your portion of the debt .. with you as well .
it shuts rural america up real fast when they take into account all the social and economic goodies that come along with being a part of a state and or nation .. they love the idea but it 's reality is a different story altogether .. oh and take that but ugly flag down .. it serves no real purposes except signify those who fly it .. are not americans   .. and no concept of what a free nation really is .. try reading your constitution and the bill of rights some day .. you know those governing documents that this nation was founded upon ... i 'm sure it would be a real eye opener .. much better read than mein kampf ....
some all time bits by calling the chinese pigs in the middle of a paid read
whites and asians breeding with blacks is dysgenic take a look at brazil
do n't go to third world countries filled with violent low iq third worlders .
there are a few big name books used in many colleges .
with only 22 % of the seats , the dutch liberals hardly have a sweeping mandate to govern .
it is a lower percentage than the national socialists received in germany in 1932 in each of two national elections .
this is typical of the results in a system of proportional representation .
the dutch face a period of weeks or months of uncertainty while the liberals try to put together a coalition government .
how do you know the asian food is undercooked ?
when it starts barking .
i think , if you take into account the crusades , christians are still on top .
keep voting # katycats i vote for # katyperry # shestheone 1 retweet=1 vote ♡ ♡ ♡ wide awake : 650 millions views ☆
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i 'll rape your fucking family if you do n't leave you semite bastard .
i will shoot you if you return , because you 're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick .
shalom .
we came in ?
i 'm gona fuck your wallet and your wife so bend over and take it you sissy slut ! #
findom # finsubs # fincuck # alpha
before i joined the church i had absolutely no problem with them and wanted to them to have marriage equality and everything .
now , i 'm not really sure what my stance is to be honest .
i 'm still trying to align my personal beliefs with the church 's beliefs .
i mostly feel the same about lgbt as i did before i joined the church , but realise my church beliefs do n't match up with that .
i try to recognise that i do n't know or understand everything about the world or the church , and just trust in my testimony of the church .
< user > typical ghetto garbage
@payal_rohatgi @netflixindia @netflix @pmoindia @hmoindia @narendramodi a muslim woman playing a role of a fake hindu fiydaheen # humaqureshi & a muslim man playing the role of a fake hindu jihadi cleric .
bollywood hates hindu .
anyone to make real film on srilanka killings ?
morons
good old gary bettman .
his american owners tell him to jump and his only question is how high ?
for < number > billion people jesus let the jews rule the middle east let them enslave the muslims and let the sandniggers suffer why is that so fucking hard to grasp
fuck every single one of you racist pos in the replies lmfao , take your ass to trump 's states and you 'll know exactly how they feel .
its easy to talk cock and make fun when you 're amidst your own , but the moment u step out of this country , ya'll will crumble
what is the benefit of being part of the community ?
i do n't understand why being a recognized part of lgbt+ is so important to people .
it always seems to me like people are more offended than marginalized when someone says asexuals are n't included in lgbt+ .
anyways , how does some internet stranger saying you 're not included in lgbt+ prevent you from participating ?
< user > < user > so not only are they retarded they are ridiculous
hi @zaynmalik are you a camera ?
because every time i look at you i smile can u follow me & amp ; @hespoweranger & amp ; @cjocelynnxo love you . & #
128158;77,532
assistam crazy rich asians mt boom
this looks like an arab slave market with newly abductded european women for sale
in < number > we have to set up video outside the ghetto polling places so we can count the number of people entering and leaving it literally would not surprise me if almost nobody actually votes in these precincts and it just < number > fraud
callicles credits " black lives matter " with the coming downfall of kamala harris .
why ?
check it out .
url
i hope every business student comes out of uaa with professor jeffries ' keen skills at analyzing a business problem and articulating a solution .
i have no idea if his argument has merit , there 's always ' another side ' , but it was a persuasive editorial .
nicely done .
oh sh kitty show me your muslim rage pleezz
lol select all : ur thing to do pisces woman in 2016 full audio song - parasmani need a lil baat pakki ;) my venmo thr body
< user > wow and if you took their masks off you would see how nerdy they all look there was a clip where they had their masks off i wish i could find it but they are nothing wussies hiding behind masks
can my white kpop stanning friends pls stop fetishising asians it so ugly and y all be making people uncomfy
sa got ta keep this going never stop banging on these religious dummies
is it possible to make a subreddit that combines men 's right and women 's rights 
 you could combine the two and focus on human rights unbiasly .
a family of asians are taking a sunday drive .
< repeat > they drive by a pet store with a large sign out front that states " pet adoptions today ! "
the kids start to jump up and down and beg their father to stop .
the father groans in frustration . "
no .
we just ate lunch two hours ago . "
guess what bale we do nt want your " diversity " .
all that means to real alaskans is shutting down hunting piece by piece .
not gon na happen .
go away
please cut the ties with the washington post and the new york thing .
good luck and good on ya .
china is not violating human rights .
human rights are for humans .
chinese rights are for chinese .
no problem here , just making chinese noise .
damn with how reddit fags act morally superior to all i kinda doubt that
fucking pussies .
i wish i could deport them into the afterlife .
cool story bro tell me the one about the based nigger in a trump hat next
um if a penis is triggering the deeper fears of the human mind , probably penis is n't for you .
cut off all relations .
wait until raul passes , then see what happens .
another cockup by the bummer bites the dust .
what do you get when you mix human dna and goat dna ?
kicked out of the petting zoo .
i am reading jared taylor writing about white consciousness from the colonial days and it hard to believe this is the same race
delightful description !
i was nice enough to hold the door open for a japanese guy one day and he decided to remind me of pearl harbor ... " sank you " 

 asshole .
roll that weed bitch 
 shake that ass hoe
so in honor of pride month , i wanted to do another one of these because i 'm really curious !
reply or quote with your sexuality and bts bias .
homophobes do not interact . #
pride2019 url
promoting violence or engaging in political violence is not helpful we do not have the numbers or the support to engage in illegal activities such acts of violence are futile and gives more ammunition for our enemies to dehumanize us
all this high school talk makes me feel old , and i m 19 ! ! !
i noticed in this sting operation video the brown third worlder who was unabashed about banning right wingers is an indian its very embarassing for us indians in india when these dumbfucks go to usa settle there and then decide to backstab white majority by spewing venom against them kick them out
next lets cut our dicks off !
woke up again next to no cute virgin gf 
 will our suffering ever end?fuck this goddamn cruel world and fuck your gods , they do nt exist
was " not being invaded by the third world " too much to ask
same .
currently hoping that my current makeup of being bi , gender - blind and open to just about anything and everything wins out .
re : total cr@p ?
wrong .
it 's more like ' total nightmare ' .
how do i know so ?
the last part of my military career was spent working up scenarios and driving exercises for state area commands ( starcs ) , i.e. , state national guard adjutants general and their staffs , on how to prepare for national emergencies — think gulf wars — and natural disasters — think katrinas .
if you are in a hiring position at your place of work , i urge you to consider reviewing resumes with no gender , race or age identifying info
i mean , get a line of asian cunts all face don ass up and you could make a picket fence of fucking .
all white party tonight with the babe
garbage dumpster fire mumble rapping shit stain in the underwear of life waste of space faggot crap !
white americans and white europeons have too few children .
un*merce < censored > is just another white bitch trying to look as black as possible
and ... where is your proof of that .
just another lie .
almost .
this " rule " was actually jesus ' response to a hypothetical posed by certain pharisees : " is it lawful for a man ( male ) to divorce his wife , for any reason ?
jesus never answered that question , but counseled against divorce without reference to a " rule " forbidding divorce , or creating such a rule .
while i 'll agree they are prison scum , do you also believe at all black , hispanic , and asian gangs should be classified as domestic terrorists ?
if chicago gangland homicides and causing civilian casualties were used as a benchmark , they would be some of the worst domestic terrorists in the country .
happy pride month bisexual erasure is real and prevalent
asian men are weak and fragile and i hate you
all you so called jewish people and asians you actually white supremes
@conflictteam what 's pricking you in that narrow minded ass of yours ? ?
oh , the stick of homophobia .
good luck living with that stick up your ass .
😂
gents 🇿 🇦 let 's return the favor and date other african girls too abombali bye 👍 , see what awaits us we fixing the country 🇿 🇦 .
url
time to mute the word trump as well .
everybody is a fucking expert .
@showusyourwork @mikeprysner so many people are so uninformed about kamala harris .
she 's no progressive & she is definitely not a friend to poc .
telus as always becomes pioneer in expanding their business globally .
rogers , bell and shaw should have similar initiatives to become a global company in order to increase cash flow .
i was born a muslim i am a muslim and in ’ sha ’ allah i will die a muslim and you
there was no honor in the way he campaigned ... was a tell tale sign .
hahahhahaha i swear to god i can never catch a fucking break
more people = more cars , more cars = more road kill .
soon there wo n't be very many animals left to kill .
colorado will just be a state full people cheering for the dodgers , steelers , red sox etc ... and very few animals will be around to witness that nauseating fact .
this is not fake news , we ca n't pretend it is n't happening .
when do we stop reading stories about this kind of stuff ( record amounts of bad things happening in colorado ) ?
it 's funny that this place can ( at the same time ) build like crazy , recruit companies like amazon and google , but then point out that we have serious issues with congestion , housing prices , spikes in crime , road kill etc ... 

 the people allowing this to happen are doing so because they are benefiting financially , end of story and end of colorado .
just got turned on to a website from a friend of mine .
thanks , i check that out .
are y all retawded bwo ? ! ? ! ? -
a retard who probably also loves crime and owns an illegal firearm .
i actually hate the world we live in , twatter apes think they can ruin credibility of the police because they 're all probably criminals themselves , all off a 20 second clip and having absolutely no critical thinking whatsoever just agreeing with the ape that shared it .
the world will only get worse .
i enjoyed 6 round trips to maui over its short time in action .
what a great resource we had , when you pay 20 % more for a meal on maui remember it did n't have to be this way .
a very good example on how a vocal minority can harm the majority .
< user > obama catch and release is an abomination on america obama should be held responsible for every american who is raped and killed by illegals
george washington would have had you hanged for being a cuck faggot the founders did not create the us constitution for every zipperhead jigaboo dothead kike goatfucker faggot and tranny on the planet
" chinese are happy doing things china 's way " 

 lies .
survey after survey reports chinese are miserable and want freedom of speech , right to dissent , right to gather in groups of more than 3 in public places , american tv , less government involvement in their lives .
i am sure these were just a nice pair of recovery advocates who were just trying to sell some snatch to buy some " recovery " themed livestong bracelets and bumperstickers .
if only the mayor of the mat - su would follow berkie 's model and build some parks ..... then we would see less crime
lmao ... if the idea that " women who have sex before marriage ( or do n't cover their face or what ever other barbaric shit ) are unclean and have sinned " comes directly from the book then " honor killings because my daughter / wife has sinned and is unclean " also comes from the book ...
throw some weave on dat bitch just bought a pack of yak
" regarding comey , publish the memo or it is n't real . "
----------------------------- 
 the house oversight committee has requested all of comey 's memos , notes , etc , about all of his contacts with trump .
and then comey will testify in public .
it is about to get very real .
i really do not get white australians hatred of immigrants you are all literally immigrants wtf is wrong with you all i mean i get you hate poc but come on
< user > i hate you lmaooi
anything the chinese have , they 've stole through industrial espionage , which is what they are trying to do here , sheep .
how can you tell if a shark met an asian ?
its fins are missing .
sure ak-47 's in that area of weaponry .
also i 'm not saying preventing .
just keep it minimal .
obama to cubans you can not stay sorry cubans but what about the illegal immigrants from mexico obama they get to stay they vote democrat result obama just guaranteed trump will win florida in < number > gab gabfam speakfreely maga cuba
what was the only bad thing about the underground railroad ?
we did n't blow up any chinese to make it .
men are still ten times more likely to die on the job .
as we get more " equality " , i do n't see women taking dangerous jobs from men .
women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job .
if we were to have a another vietnam ( 60,000 killed ) , 97 % will be men .
men die earlier than women , but spending on woman 's healthcare research ( breast , ovarian cancer etc . )
is four ( 4 ) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research ( prostate , testicular cancer etc . ) .
the list goes on .
trump please send all non whites back .
keep america great .
< user > ching chong desu
do n't worry about it , kiddo , you 'll soon learn to embrace the perspective that you have from both cultures .
and you 'll find people who understands your experiences .
as a slightly older gaysian , happy to chat about it with you .
we do not want legal immigrants unless they are white europeans
fucking indians i hate dis country fuck you grandpa u peace of shit
the terror attack in las vegas is only the beginning if you stupid americans refuse to wake up and take action america will look like sweden in a very short time if you do not elect good people into office and protest radical islam
< number > round my nec this that ching chong
we can not say for sure that something someone else does is a sin , for we never are perfectly sure of the subjective aspect .
not everything wrong or hurtful is technically sinful .
we therefore call out or admonish what is wrong or hurtful in the world , but i do n't think we can take the step to calling it sinful .
as in not my housekeeper , my gardener , my laborer ? ? ?
we 're talking about the bad himbres .
they 're out there somewhere ...
in europe black men rape women , muslims beat their wives and syrians are said to screw goats .
and you are an awful person .
in the name of god .
this is simply more fear mongering .
the proposed changes do not stop doctors , nor others , from incorporating .
they are about ensuring a level tax playing field between those who choose to incorporate and those who do not .
dr. avery says nothing about why the proposed tax changes will make it difficult or impossible for doctors to save for retirement .
they have exactly the same opportunities as the rest of us , rrsp 's and tfsa 's .
they also can create formal pension schemes within their corporations as long as they are treated as employees within their own corporations .
the proposed tax changes are about not spreading ( i.e. sprinkling ) income unfairly ( unreasonably ) across family members unless they do actual work for the corporation , and not making market investments within the tax protected corporate boundaries .
dr. avery should come off his professional pedestal , and be honest .
i think , if you take into account the crusades , christians are still on top .
hey , o'reilly did n't use drugs , just his natural charm .
one thing the news also never mentions about these caravans is how pretty much all of the women get raped .
right i 'm sleeping so good night !
i hope jackson 's doing ok , that bam gets to korea safely and for all of got7 to stay healthy ✊
if your business in the flesh is n't a life giving glory to god , what makes you believe you will be a part of honoring him after he ultimately destroys evil ?
it 's difficult deciding to call out something as being problematic , because that gives it attention & amp ; not many people know about it .
if normies really wanted to help us , they will offer to fund our plastic surgery 
 but no , we have to exist so you do nt feel that inferior to chads rigth mr .
norman .
foreign chinese are rushing here to spend their black money and buy anything they can touch without asking for price , who can stop it ?
you and me ? ? ?
so we are in 2019 and people are still erasing sexualities because they ain't educated enough on pansexuality wow i am in shock who the fuck do you think you are to erase .
people 's sexuality as if it was your business ? ? ? ?
i could n't imagine a minnesota shock jock either but here you are garrison .
maisie williams with pink hair is making me even gayer i did nt think that was possible 💕
@franklin_graham @danpatrick @foxnews tx lt gov is smoking something white nationalists terrorists shooting jewish worshippers is what ?
white nationalist killing black worshippers in south carolina is what ?
white nationalists killing muslims in worship in new zealand is what ?
stop your immoral excuse n it call it out
parents who think being lgbtq+ is just a phase are the problem .
you did the right thing , always stay true to yoursef and remember , you can be happy no matter what your orientation is , even if you do n't have one :)
and these were not soldiers these were civilians mostly women and children some experimented on it is not the only example of the horrors humanity can commit by any means but it a terrible example for sure
just went out for a walk and met the world 's most annoying man .
do n't leave the house without headphones in future .
fake : anon has a job gay : anon throws his load at a guy
i added a video to a @youtube playlist https://t.co/9t9dfpjqxu peter bekheet _ i just call _ piano album ( old is gold )
i 've got an idea , how about everyone stop killing everyone else over religious ideas ?
that might work
whoops ... meant to reply to bennice 's post .
i do n't get it .
i 'm sure other races do it , but it baffles me that whites want to blame other races for some intangible issue .
blame the blacks , blame the chinese , blame the mexicans .
uh , what are they really taking from us whites personally ?
nothing substantial i can put a finger on .
certainly nothing from me personally that makes a hoot of difference in my life .
i 've got it good .
i could have it better , but the only one to blame for that is me .
i 'm no scientist and completely believe that houstonians have zoned themselves into living in a bathtub , but it was a record amount of rainfall for the us .
warmer ocean temps probably contributed to that .
mr. pielke probably did n't make a definitive statement on that considering studies have n't been done yet .
also , irma and jose are coming and irma is one of the biggest storms ever seen .
nobody knows for sure if it is climate change but do n't rule it out .
they 're taking drugs so strong that they can pretend that thang is fe - male . ;
-8)b
as the child of a working mom , i wholeheartedly disagree .
of course , i was young before video games and cable tv , but i would say that based on my observation of families in our neighborhood , there is n't a difference between the kids of the moms who stay home and the moms who work .
all are very well adjusted and exceptionally well mannered .
also , why does n't the same rule apply to men who work ?
why should n't men stay home ?
why must it be the woman ?
what a fantastic group of women to be our world champions .
url
this is excellent problem solving and a win win for portland families .
coming from charlie hales and vickie smith , totally unexpected .
being a racialist means you stop trying to hurt other white nations for the sole selfish interest of your own nation .
what 's meant is that they are not dangerous criminals .
overstaying your visa hurts literally no one .
there are not even enough illegal immigrants to impact the economy or job market ( not that illegal immigrants can easily get decent jobs anyways ) .
larry says < date > at < time > a closet raghead is certainly a possibility i would not rule out and where in the philippines is the girlfriend originally from if she from zamboanga or cotabato that would raise a big red flag because that raghead territory
since asians are often honorary aryans they will naturally be targeted next
straight trans people are ok and we must legally thank them for their service
it 's to bad that there is n't anything like this anymore , i d sure join if there was .
new rule in all competitive shows baking dancing or other let paki or nigger token win in order to win public support and hide our true racist feeling for coloureds british broadcasting rules and regulations < number >
when all the technology starts fucking up ... do n't get upset or frightened just know it 's the end of this world as we know it
i was happy to see only whites in that movie , though there could ' ve been a few jews or half jews there but i would n't know .
it scary really the far left has successfully brainwashed most white kids of my generation into self hatred and white guilt i have literally been told by a hispanic that you can not enjoy football because you are white and that not racism to my peers unbelievable
< user > ok buddy retard
< user > for real they have also banned using illegal alien in a discriminatory way and discriminating based on english proficiency as new violations ny always ahead of the rest of the us
< user > if you are reading this you are a faggot i am just memeing and a bit bored
" the united states is a country built upon the backs of slaves . "
and canada is n't ?
just recall our national dream is littered with the bodies of dead chinese who built the cpr .
i 'm sure there are plenty of other examples througout the british empire :   child labour during the industrial revolution perhaps .
my point is many countries have this " in their blood " as you put it but it is not a rationale for connection to current events .
and let us make something else clear twitter is not friendly for children and most of the women that i have ever met in my life that were raped or molested they would never go on twitter and say it
what 's the difference between adolf hitler and donald j trump ?
hitler knew when to kill himself
you 've never had a meal in a chinese person 's home in the chinese countryside .
you have n't any idea about chinese history .
you do n't know about the japanese throwing babies into the air and spearing them on their bayonets .
you were not around when the british got the entire chinese nation addicted to opium .
you were not around when 35 , 000,000 chinese starved to death .
you 're comments are those of a bully ,
must kill collabvm users for the glory of allah
yeah , heres a clue for the nigger author of this article .
chinks hate niggers , kikes hate niggers , spicks hate niggers and towelheads hate niggers .
even niggers hate niggers .
black africans hate the gauche lazy american blacks because they have no morals or work ethic .
niggrus americanus is the lowest form of human ( if you can even call them that ) on the planet , we should erase them
if he was on heroin he would be asleep all the time big nigga facts
sarah kratky deport them together immediately , problem solved
i am a retarded fucking jew
no kidding !
those darn international sprint organizations keep discriminating against asian and caucasian runners on this ridiculous arbitrary basis of " sprint times " .
everybody knows all human ethnic subgroups are biologically identical in every single way except for skin tone .
the olympics needs to stop discriminating and ensure the spring events are more diverse .
inegi is the statistics dept , never accurate , always manipulated , and looks like it will continue that way .
sad !
< user > < user > hi idiot what about ramalingam who kiled by jihadi pigs and by the way he was tamil dalit hindu
maybe wynne can do a seductive " dance of the 7 veils " and lure gm   back with her charms .
hubba .
hubba
what 's black , white , and red all over ?
an orca whale near a japanese dock
yeah but without the gay gook behind the wheel
wipe ur ass u dirty mongoloid
if anyone thinks the h1/2 merge is bad now at rush hours , you have n't seen anything yet .
the nuggets have shown us they can beat bad teams .
win two of the next three and i 'll put a foot on the bandwagon .
millsap still looks like a $ 10 million per year journeyman forward .
what is the darkest joke of them all ?
r / n8thegr8
please write judge david larimer at 100 state st , rochester , ny 14614 and ask him to grant dawn nguyen 's 2255 motion she has learned
my uni friend took some really cute pictures of me today looks like i 'll finally change my facebook profile pic laid ease
f the gop it drowning itself in the bathtub unless you people are just going to give up and let these nazi puke sacks win i am never going to quit fighting white supremacists until they are gone republicans are the party of white supremacy that their identity 👻
all immigrants are trash this is a white country trump 2020
birthday today bitches and i got ta work :/
@navitzothamawi1 @crocodile_lyle @gaywonk @youtube get back to me when dudes in rainbow hoods are riding through town in the night targeting heterosexuals after 400 years of their being enslaved as breeders , finally securing their freedom , and buying some land that the gay majority wants . (
i do n't expect you to get that either . )
time to call in the governor 's hawaii task force five oahu aka hawaii five - oahu aka hawaii five - o.  

 hawaii five -o , where all the haoles are the good guys and the majority chinese , japanese , and other asians , and hawaiians are the criminals .
and with the help of non - reporting by the media they are allowed to do it under cover .
the chinese are like the borg ..... consuming everythng in their path .
resistance is futile ... you will be assimilated .
even the way the borg get slaughtered , remember the chinese a billion plus steam roller just waiting to be unleashed .
heck thousands die every year in mines and they still line up to take the unfortunate places of the deceased ..... maybe they did nt even know about the deaths ? ? ? ?
wait till they get their hands on our precious resources .
my god i ca nt believe i am saying this but ..... where if the donald when you need him .
@penrithpremier thanks to staff for their help .
o loved completing her entry for colouring comp !
https://t.co/fw60dtl04s
can not have too many white people in an ad for a historically and rightfully white country that would not be pc know what is pc minimizing the chain smoking asians that keep the cigarette industry afloat
this must be a new low for the indian parliament .
url
i like my grilled cheese like how i like my vietnamese villagers .
yellow and melted .
somebody the other night was passed out drunk on my lawn .
what a way to spend your third birthday .
i was n't able to attend the last event but really would like to met some normal people in san diego .
what is white and covers the streets on a winter morning ?
employed people
@digitalsista @just1ninja @sairasameerarao please note that democrats have seen to it that blacks have had about 5 times the abortion rate of whites .
think about it .
as a 5'6 guy , i do n't mind one bit , and kinda have thing for tall girls lol .
i do wish i could i meet some of the women in this thread who have no problem with it apparently .
i hate the idea people wanting to miss with things that not there well just keep adding more security to my home .. 😂
ivory in china is the # 1 problem .
the usa an other countries need to crack down with some good sanctions that mean something ?
china would kill the last elephant an then go after the last walrus on earth .
add in rhino horns which the chinese use for a " viagra " supplement which the chinese as i know wo n't let viagra in the country .
eliminate the doors / means for chinese imports of products that provide the $ $ $ so the carvers in china do n't the means to get the $ $ to buy illegal ivory .
with some 1.2 billion people china has the $ $ to buy up all forms of ivory from anyone will to kill / transport the products .
like the stupid chinese will also take the last tiger for their morning cup of tiger bone tea ? ? ?
this has nothing to do with black people .
if a white guy walked in with dreads for a job interview he 's gon na get looks and most likely not get the job .
march 21 is the white man march against white genocide , march against # whitegenocide - march 21st 2015 and the 15th of every month is white defense day white defense day , the 15th of every month
earth 's toilet is where men fuck men , women fuck women , adults fuck kids , men mutilate themselves into women , prostitution is widespread and drugs are already ( or soon to be ) legal , where immorality is so widespread that you ca n't find a virgin girl for marriage even among a million women .
and that is not the middle east .
while timmy is at home criticizing other white men for dating asians stacy is at the club putting on a bj show for tyrone
caldwell has many other peons on special contracts , courtesy of honolulu taxpayers : =)
i got extremely triggered after finding out of the doxxing and reporting to police of a fellow /r / incel 
 imagine being such a loser that you doxx people online cause you do n't like what they say .
< user > there was no moslem ban
build an immigrant ghetto next to his retirement residence
and on the other hand they do n't tax netflix because they do n't want to tax the " middle class " ..... go figure ...
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
imagine how happy and totally proud selena is feeling right now she was afraid to see people 's reaction that 's pretty normal
i think the kamakazis during wwii were all just a big accident ... since asians are so bad at driving , what 's to say they are good at flying ?
trudeau explaining the public enemies biographical on john dillinger to his kids ...   " is n't robing a bank illegal ? "
now now children , it 's called an " irregular " bank withdrawal , illegal is n't used anymore ... " but why not , is n't it still illegal to rob banks ? "
children , please !
it 's call an " irregular withdrawal , " but , wh .. " children !
because it 's 2017 ! "
yeah bu ... " that 's it , time outs !
< user > must be noted chinaman satanist lee hsien loong refuses to respond to all accusations against him and reference to his satanic criminals singapore parliament singapore supreme court and singapore agc have also kept silent since my first twitter account in < number >
two secretive events , first the fundraising with the well heels in a private mansion out of sight of the public , second a vacation in the private island of the most well heels totally out of sight of anyone .
and the excuses used are just clumsy and show the ' shifty eyes ' ever more shifty .
i hope trudeau learns his lesson and does n't try to do the third strike .
otherwise , shame on him !
if it true that the smarter should wipe out the dumber and that white people are dumber than asians then it in white people bests interests to wipe out the asians before they wipe us out either that or keep some niggers around
i am wondering why asian people are not offended that they are describing middle eastern goat fucking muslimes as asians in the uk
having sex with socks is n't that bad but i prefer people anyway .
i was replying to moonman promotion of the chink thots bro
< user > everybody is like “ omg delete this ” “ you ’ re so gay ” nah this is < number > this stupid bitches fault plus she recorded it 💯 💯 go isma 😹 😹
i get a sense you 're anti - white .
slavery was about the cheapest labor possible , before any other consideration .
if you study history and take personal emotions out of it , that is .
you 've simplified it to " white supremacy " , unfortunately , and ignore all else .
if you want to debate who is deserving of a statue , i might start and end with jesus .
nobody else has been perfect .
@alisohrab007 @arunjaitley a jihadi scum in whatever profession will remain a jihadi and we indians must thank stinking muzzie lowlifes like @alisohrab007 keep proving us hindus right by time & again reiterating that they are rotten pieces of meat shaped like homosapiens
multiculturalism sucks when you 're dealing with people who do not assimilate into the culture of the country they moved into , and that describes many muslims pretty well , and some hispanics , and fewer still africans and asians .
the us should not just be some " open space " , ready to give out square footage to any and all humans who happen to dwell upon the earth and who want to set up shop here with strictly their own culture .
immigration policies that foster that effect a disaster ; it 's a recipe for failure , and europe is learning it the hard way , and we ( some of us anyway ) are too stupid to absorb the lessons learned .
y'all better start talking your homeboys out of making bad decisions ... a lot of niggas would still be alive or free if they had friends who actually cared
my cleavage makes you so weak .
you ca n't resist it 💦   you crave to be dominated by a superior 2d goddess 💋 it 's so humiliating and so hot , your little clit ca n't help itself but twitch everytime you see my posts and take control over your weak mind 💸 💸 url
pretty evident someone is dropping the ball .
when the hell didnthe fucking @ncaa make the championship game about the refs !
the the damn kids play !
choke on the whistle !
verified accts for all is an ok idea , but too much administrative overhead .
there are better ways , which i 've talked about in the past .
this picture does not make sense because the women seated are north east asians and the women that work in foot massage places are south east asian generally like vietnamese but i guess that flies over the heads of the people at o magazine to whom all these gooks look alike
y'all better start talking your homeboys out of making bad decisions ... a lot of niggas would still be alive or free if they had friends who actually cared
amazing how white south africans still manage to look corporate in their swimming costumes
these bitches are not americans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
they live here and maybe was born here but they hate america ! ! ! !
fuck those brown / black cunts ! ! ! ! ! .
they lie , they say the same racist bullshit but they think it is ok .
they are the four cunts of the apocalypse for a reason .
they need to be voted out or removed by force ! ! ! ! !
liking someone is ghetto that ’ why ion like to do it
abortion is taking a life for your own selfish reasons .
it 's bullshit that we punish those with zero ability to defend themselves so we can pretend to save the planet .
we might as well fucking nuke india and asia if that 's going to be our doctrine , no offense .
i have a love - hate relationship with my job .
i love the animals and knowing they 're going to get … https://t.co/e6fr3mtpks
per table 43 the probability of a black committing any type of crime : murder , rape , robbery , burglary , embezzlement , vehicle theft is much higher than any other ethnic group .
asians are the most law abiding .
no category for hispanics .
american indians commit crimes roughly in proportion to their numbers as a % of the population .
blacks , by far , are much more likely to commit a crime per table 43 .
britcops are cowards they know the whites they arrest for speaking the truth will not blow them up or cut their throats like a sand nigger might
geez ..... i think # northkorea may be right . #
barackobama is a monkey !
surely acts like one .
url "
was feeling good just awhile ago until it hit me outta nowhere absolutely feel like shit now going to rest up some hopefully tomorrow i can feel much better so i can welcome some of our new members
with the prayer of equal human rights and dignity around the world happy # eidulfitr   # eidmubarak # eid
white people vs black and brown people will be race wars on the earth
another pr spin .
taking pictures of the potus holding and pretending to help black people does n't mean a thing to the people who are aware of this sham .
how many pictures were there again ?
any pictures holding or helping white victims ?
how about any hispanics or asians ?
no , none ... let 's just say you 're not the first to try this tactic .
look at the lack of attention for the little boy in the flash t - shirt .
how sad .
the potus and his pr team 's agenda has been exposed .
need to send every one of them back and ban any third worlders from even entering our country .
< user > ew imagine standing a group of asians that fuck eachother
reminder : trp is basically blue pill trash just reworded ...
i ’ m not gon na promote anything of mine free palestine 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 and eid mubarak to all my muslim brothers and sisters ❤ ️ 🕌 🌙
lol at < user > thinks he a dothead kike lol
guess the jews thought that it was the name fox that made people tune in
midsommar contains raw feminine energy and heeeavy relationship dynamics .
it 's also divisive .
mine the replies here for lots of published reviews / analyses from femme and non - binary perspectives .
url
i had a dream i had a chihuahua that i carried with me everywhere like i was doin crazy shit in my dream , but the whole time he was w me
well white people certainly are terrorists there is no denying that ( trump , bush , obama , clinton .. hillary a full on terrorist) ... khan 's mistake is that she wants to leave it at that and not have a fuller discussion .
ex .
sunni terrorism over shia ( in pakistan shia 's have claimed discrimination for decades ) ..   israeli 's are taught from early on to detest muslims ..... mandarin detests cantonese ....   japanese vs. chinese .... 

 she does herself an intellectual disservice by limiting just to white people .... a people her parents thought worthy of joining for the benefits .. 

 i kinda feel sorry for them in all of this .... likely just good folks trying to get by .
thinking or concluding that a particular length and breadth is what determines her pleasure is very wrong . #
intimatethursday
yo @h3h3productions watching your videos and i think someone might 've hacked one of yours and changed the name of i … https://t.co/98bunctkrd
would rather have terrorism over not being able to boycott an allied country this talking point must be important because he repeats it but i can not make out what on earth it supposed to mean if you do not buy stuff from jews they will fake arabs taking down more nyc landmarks
milwaukee is the most biggoted city i have ever lived in .
every ethnic group hate the others .
the only agreement amongst them is hate for hispanics , blacks and asians .
i m a be a bad bitch for my birthday , nails !
bundles !
heels !
dress !
all dat & # 128527;&#129316 ; just cause
so i shall be saved from my enemies the courts of death and compass me the torrents of perdition assailed me the cords of sheol entangled me the snares of death confronted me
the ridiculous part of the race mixing ads is the people making them would never date outside their race unless it is a jewish guy mail ordering a wife from china there more race mixing in the ghetto than in prog ville
no body holds more power then the next even the most opress nations could turn on there leaders but we must know rome was n't built in a day we just find a mommnet where it happens .
@multifacettrash men are trash
look , we get it .
your penises are so small they 're basically useless .
but you can do other things .
cunnilingus .
adult toys that do nt murder everyone .
drop the gun and read a book cletus .
you are absolutely correct .
that 's why whiteys have narrow nostrils , breathing cold air .
blue eyes developed when the humanoid had to keep his clothes on , from the cold , and only the face showed .
the vitamin d can not get through brown eyes .
i was n't making a point , just stateing facts .
i 'm sorry i 'm proud of my race , we 're not perfect , and neither am i. but w/ black pride running wild , la raza celebrating mexico after illegally immigrating , and asians getting good educations and good jobs , i thought i might dare say something positive about my race .
but , that did n't float , do n't ever say something positive about the white race , publicly .
we 're bad ! ! ! !
i was always under the impression that you could not have any ammo in the same locked gun case in which a firearm was carried .
i know we are allowed a set amount that can be in our checked baggage .
i taught myself html when i was 13 , and if anyone had told me a ) coding / programming was what " computer science " was or ...
that little asian thug had it coming you do what the police tell you to do does not matter the time does not matter the place that chink got what was coming to him blue lives matter these officers risk their lives for the employees of united boycott united is fucking stupid
< user > < user > self defense your shit the police officials in white shirt sitting in their air con office are the one to blame they trained up the police to dehumanize hk citizens they allowed the police to ignore the police general orders and use excessive violence to get things done
yes , the operating budget needs to be cut by $ 1 billion in real money , or by $ 1.5 billion or more if we use the smoke and mirrors accounting that has so far prevailed such as taking earnings from the pce endowment and calling that a cut because it replaced gf ( do n't blame us for flocking to donald trump when even elected republicans lie to us like that ! ) .
and cuts of that magnitude can not hold the bsa and medicaid harmless - it 's the arithmetic .
basically , while alaskans figure out how we can survive in a post - petroleum economy we need government to be reduced to roads , police and schools .
and roads is maintenance , not construction .
police is the department of public safety , and nothing else .
and school spending needs to be limited to putting teachers in an existing classroom ; no construction , no meals , no executives , no sports travel , none of the excesses that oil money subsidized .
and we need to dishonorably discharge any republican who would support an income tax !
he 's making sure if it 's ok for the bitches http://t.co/we7obtketb
also your asian are you chinese by any chance here is mao and his kike rat puppet handlers you should be disgusted with the vermin too who are responsible for the deaths of millions of asians
gay you are
what do you call that useless flesh around the vagina that does n't do anything but lie around ?
the baby
< user > i thought you were like a sophomore help
hate the fact that i got ta grow up and pay bills i just wanna fucking travel damn it
only in asia can you have a woman blend in perfectly among men
i 've gotten where i really do n't like pro sports of any type but the pomp and circumstance surrounding american football is just ridiculus .
white people vs black and brown people will be race wars on the earth
what 's the difference between a refugee and e.t e.t learned english and wanted to go home .
whites and asians breeding with blacks is dysgenic take a look at brazil
not long ago giving children dreadful made up trashy misspelled firstnames was strictly a black thing e g antwoine shaquonda monikwa ta queesha daetrell ad nauseam now stupid white women are into it too i am seeing white kids given comical names like alecksus kaylleigh kaitlun
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
first , faux - meats are kind of a misnomer : seitan and soy have been used for centuries as protein options for non meat - eaters in south and east asia .
tofu is a food in itself .
seitan is a food in itself .
they are used in dishes as substitutes for meat alternatives for centuries .
there are faux - meat dishes in asian restaurants that have just as long of a history as the meat - equivalent dishes themselves .
to say that seitan has to be 100 % like beef is ridiculous .
second , as many have pointed out , the point of a sloppy or diner food joint catering to vegans is because vegans do n't simply prefer broccoli - they have cravings for oily , rich , and textured foods other than vegetables the same as meat eaters .
the reason they eat non - meat things is for ethical reasons .
they refuse to continue to support killing living and pain - feeling beings for the sake of taste .
lastly , i think the reviewer came in with a mental block in mind .
hate for hipsters and " trendy " things leads this dinosaur review
" that 's govt policy . "
only if you are one of the idiots who believe that the japanese should buy over - large left hand drive cars when their roads are designed for small right hand drive cars .
i was watching a reality tv show in japan this week and the streets had lots of minis .
the japanese buying japanese cars is no different to exhortations to " buy american " in america - american 's like to portray anyone who does n't buy d3 as " unpatriotic " - only difference is most people around the world do n't like american cars but they do like japanese .
fuck : kikes spicks niggers faggots trannys commies faggot niggers   dirty zionist kikes jews jews jews dune coons your mom anal gaping aids carrying faggots jews again talib kweli donald trump   niggers   jews and jews .
fuck cheating asian dog cunts
and thankyou ed and the fabulous team @business who are absolutely committed to gender diverse voices
@demonica hellspawn so because they are not white , we should treat them like the dirty brown garbage you think they are ? ...
how do you sleep at night ?
do you live in mississippi ?
they send their best and brightest to europe and america for education obviously becuase they sand niggers and gooks have the best universities and are oppressed by the evil white man learning institutions it is our learning institutions that oppress the brown nigger people
its time to kick them out of investing in canada .
we are being over run by asians and they are like cancer , over taking communities pushing people out .
we are adapting to their culture -they are not attempting to adapt to canadas .
people will call me a racist but is it racism to want the culture you grew up in to remain as it was .
oo shit that official shit too is movie violence nsfw eh better safe than sorry
why adopt a child if you 're going to mistreat and mentally abuse them .
that 's the answer to the question , to mistreat them and mentally abuse them for the rest of there lives .
the devil and his angels are the angels of light who masquerades as the servant of righteousness .
the japanese , okinawans , chinese , filipinos , blacks , and caucasians are the worst offenders who masquerades as the servant of righteousness .
the purpose of the devil is to continously lie , cheat , steal , kill , destroy , deceive , and to inflict pain .
rt @ogsitti : side hoe : hey , this is my boyfriend 

 me : http://t.co/on9hex5l4 t
they never really miss you when you leave them , they miss you when they see that you have moved on , became happy , & amp ; did n't look back .
nick name : may begay i m single girls looking for dating relationship .
that 's is what the article says too but since it was women who wrote it it just blurs by your blinders .
iq is mostly genetic .
riot survival kit day 1 leave 1 ) american express platinum card .
got a better one : 

 " o mankind !
surely we created you from a male and a female , and made you nations and tribes that ye may know each other ( not for ye to hate each other ) ; behold !
verily the most noble of you in the sight of allah are the most righteous ; verily allah is all - knowing , intimately aware ( of all things ) . "
qur'an 49:13 ( suratul - hujurat )
< user > are nt u muslim clown
cheap .
oh yes , that is for sure china stole from other countries , china can do shit , and china people like to shit on the streets ... lol 
 i am chinese , but i feel shame for china
back of a bus on a truth or dare when i was in high school , when a moment seem to last forever .
before we met when i first saw your name i thought you were going to be one of those quiet asians - you know ?
and my mom was like ' well maybe she 'll just spend all her time in the library so you 'll have the room to yourself !
i 'm so glad you 're not like that !
you ask niggas to be your peace and they end up being your piece of shit 😂 ✌ 🏽 june 29 wet it up pool party
wow , that was a brutally racist tirade against asians ... fyi the folks who voted in global free trade in canada and the usa were not primarily asians , they were white folks .
talk about scapegoating ....
in the final quote of the article , it is clear that this man still does not take responsibility for his actions .
add in that he knew he has trouble when he drinks , and that he went drinking to celebrate , and i 'm having a hard time seeing why he should be treated any differently from any other violent racist thug .
hopefully he will get treatment and come to own his actions while serving his time in prison .
it does not matter if they what they were the product of .
they are also products of free speech .
to deny their right to exist is to deny free speech .
i say abolish muslims and illegals out of this country
oh look another peace gesture by the arab and muslim terrorists doing business as the poor oppressed palestinians
[ the data says hate crimes are going up.](url
deflectors on stun !
©
fuck ass nigga
the anchorage assembly overruled the will of the voters .
they had no right to pass any ordinance .
london is a dead zone as far as anyone white is concerned , even hertfordshire where it 's closest to london is turning brown .
this guy literally sounds like homosexual transsexual teacher from south park mr .
garrison 😂 🤣
for < number > billion people jesus let the jews rule the middle east let them enslave the muslims and let the sandniggers suffer why is that so fucking hard to grasp
lyft driver is white and playing the most aggro dancehall music i have ever heard like got damn what the fuck doug
a little bit of nail varnish and lipstick does not queer masculinity if you are still calling women who disagree with you hags bitches sluts whores etc being a misogynist is very masculine of you
< user > there was no moslem ban
i do n't & # 128683 ; keep friends & # 128109;&#128107;&#128108 ; they come & # 128072 ; and go & # 128073 ; , do n't fuck & # 128581 ; with these bitches & # 128109;&#128109 ; .
fake all they know . & #
128175;&#10004;&#65039 ;
fuck off you cuntrag bitch !
< number > whites move out of sydney every year however they are building new places at the below rates for asians that they are importing avg sydney home price < number > < number > avg sydney home price now < number > m white people can not even afford to rent
and if it were male / female involved , is it important to you that heterosexual is used to describe the relationship ?
bar men in scotland forced to stop wearing kilts after being groped
oh come on , just one fact that hillary is smart enough to know when she is dealing with very sensitive classified material .
i promise i will not argue with you , just point out how your fact is not a fact but someone 's opinion .
good thoughts from both of you , even though i know the good dr. conklin is just adding a little hawaii humor in there .
but , yes there is a but , most of these kids have been here quite a while now and are obviously every bit american as most young people their age that were actually born here .
they speak english well .
have been as good a citizen as anyone their age .
so , let 's not lump them in with the guy that just sneaked across the boarder last night .
if ever there was a case of apples and oranges this is .
and when you realise that left wing political parties only want immigrants to come in their millions so that they could get more votes in elections you start wondering whether they are actually fit to be in politics at all in us the democrats are obviously unfit to govern
we need to send them back to their government
yo i am getting off i am drunk as fuck and it not good for me to post while drunk my inner nazi comes out and it just not a nice fellow
while i am not black ( i 'm indian ) , i also think this is a great message , especially for young people of all races in general .
one reason is that the media has a tendency of glorifying certain celebrities , athletes , millionaires , etc .
with crazy lifestyles , which people from multiple races and cultures are exposed to .
people aspire to that , thinking money could and should be made easily as well as could and should be spent frivolously .
so thank you , valerie , for this message , which i hope many others besides just people in the black community get to see , and hopefully learn from .
they hated jesus because he told them the truth .
any urgent questions in parliament today about telford do not be such nervous nelly paki moslem child rape gangs are just part parcel etc etc
i know i would stick up for a white girl any day .
< user > get well soon ching chong 😌
if a god exists , fuck god .
i do n't want to go to your heaven you sick cunt
i 'll block all these dumb ass bitches in the nevada brothels .
legalization sucks ! ! ! ! ! !
plants kill each other by blocking light ( starving ) 1 another , the silence is not without violence and if they could they 'd all be screaming
please educate yourself before making ignorant comments like these and a complete fool of yourself .
you are confusing the buddhist of burma with tibetan buddhist .
the tibetan buddhist have condemned the violence .
the rohingya have been living in burma since the 8th century .
they are an ethnic minority in that country just like the ethnic chinese and thai .
there were rohingya members of parliament in the 1960s .
no one is asking for your tax money .
un needs to put pressure on burma to allow foreign journalists and aid into that country and if required blue helmet peace keepers .
countries like bangladesh and pakistan will be happy to send their peace keepers .
all asians are ant people except maybe japs
my dad 's a scitzophrenic , but he 's good people .
tl;dr < allcaps >
the reason for the lack of affordability   is obvious .
kathleen the klepto has robbed from the good people of ontari - owe by crippling them with gigantic electrical bills .
kathleen the klepto should be jailed for making millions of people literally hydro poor .
she ’s an abomination .
< user > no one spouts hate against immigrants idiot
twd spoilers // damn yeah it is painful seeing sasha as a walker .
i decided to just stay out and watch the episode with dad .
rip sasha .
one time inceltears sub offended me 
 they approved of my post .
the ivory trade is a dirty business .
there are more white men who have married native women so they can buy and sell walrus ivory .
i know a few .
white guys in the business of ivory art use asian carvers with native names to produce their stuff and pad their pockets .
i know a big seattle ivory dealer who has been criminally charged but continues to ply his trade .
politicians wo n't touch this dirty side of the ivory business .
they need to .
you beat one vietnamese man almost to death with a lead pipe and drive your car through a boys and girls club and people never let you live it down
a rare tidbit of rational discourse in these crazy times .
thank you , mr. pease .
so we are in 2019 and people are still erasing sexualities because they ain't educated enough on pansexuality wow i am in shock who the fuck do you think you are to erase .
people 's sexuality as if it was your business ? ? ? ?
i bet men in their 70s shoot their cum to this little whore
sure .
her accomplishes as becoming the best in her sport is legendary and well deserving .
that s just how i see it .
her being black has nothing to do with it .
when we talk about michael jordan in the nba we do nt see him as a black man(at least i would hope not ) we just see him as a the greatest player of all time .
yes , great party town , but i would n't want to live there .
rude workers , rude customers , rude waiters demanding 25 % tips , way too many shopping centers in every casino .
less and less water , broken escalators , sneering or uncaring front desk and security people , and so on .
would n't want your kids to grow up there .
full of unwanted kids , anyway .
worst part is i miss the $ 1 breakfasts and $ 5 buffets from back in 1970 .
now all gone and the prime rib popo gives you only thin one piece slice .
too many immigrants who do n't even speak engrish .
notice there 's fewer and fewer blacks and whites .
plenty of chinese immigrants and automated blackjack machines with robot dealers on the movie screens .
ugh !
mo beddah play the casinos games on my computer or on those battery operated toys from long 's .
no can use money on the .
i read the incredibly selective and narrow view of the origins of the second amendment , written by an author who believes the constitution is malleable .
that there were winners and losers in the construction of the constitution , and likes to concentrate on the " losers " .
really ?
you are the one blaming marijuana for the home invasion,,,,,,,,,which is blaming the gun for the crime,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,which is blaming the fork and knife for obesity .
if anyone is leaning left,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,that would be you .
it 's always somebody else 's fault for the infraction,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,correct leftie ?
trump needs 2 destroy us 's creation isis engaged 2 create pretext to bomb syria .
un stop creation of iraq in syria n proclaim us rogue state
allison was such a weak bitch just ew
# breaking : idf shoots , kills armed hamas operative approaching gaza border .
url via @timesofisrael
being a jedi turned revan gay
@penrithpremier thanks to staff for their help .
o loved completing her entry for colouring comp !
https://t.co/fw60dtl04s
i think it 's because whites see asians to be most like us of any other race .
that 's a new creative high in blaming obama , who appears to be responsible for all those things the mad king regime does n't seem to be able to deal with .
trumpco is too busy protecting the right to dump coal waste in streams , giving the rich some more money and other pressing matters .
a con man who brags about sexually assaulting women , who brags about barging in uninvited on teens and women in dressing rooms , who mocks and makes fun of the handicapped , who mocks and denigrates gold star families , who is an admitted xenophobe , and who has not one day of experience in public service and who thinks climate change is a chinese hoax , this guy is chosen by a minority of americans and he promptly installs a white nationalist as advisor , a guy who is all that and who has several other despicable characteristics , and michael carey mentions none of it .
and then carey has the gall to say trump is a pundit with the expertise to understand this election .
this after trump has stated he thought he 'd lose .
this after trump said he was surprised he won .
we will live in a post - truth age as long as the media ignores their responsibility as journalists to abide my some ethics and mores .
mr carey should be ashamed .
.
excited to go full on forrest gump @pongsocialclub with some great people .
i apologize in advance for how aggressive i might get .
about 57 % of eligible voters got off their lazy butts to mark a x with a pencil .
of that spendshi got 51 % of the vote , so he has a glorious 29 % support of all voters .
hardly a mandate .
it would be fraud to claim he won a majority of   real support .
do you expect wal - mart to swallow the tax or will they increase the cost of products sold in oregon ?
expect wal - mart prices to increase by 2.5 % - unless there is pyramiding involved in which case price increases will be higher .
the companies that can not pass along the increase will decrease in profitability .
2.5 % of gross recipts is enormous fraction of profit which can often run in the 2 - 5 % range .
those companies can not survive and the jobs go away .
saw a documentary a couple of years ago on the part still destroyed by the flood everyone complaining about injustice and racism of someone not rebuilding their ghetto in a non gentrifying way of course which was run down before the flood they expect handouts
i hate days when you wake up so fucking sad out of no where , it feels like you got gut punched .
why ?
ridiculous that he claims it 's a hoax from the chinese when the chinese have horrible air pollution is some places !
he has no eyes or ears for anything that interferes with making money !
he was one of the greatest men to ever draw breath on this planet .
what ’s the difference between a chinese driver and paul walker ?
chinese drivers usually come out of a crash alive
in gods eyes love the sinner hate the sin
very disturbing behavior by the chinese government .
we have no idea what value the owners reported for their wines , or how much it is actually worth in china .
we do n't know what the total imported amount was and how much we 're talking about here in terms of total dollar amounts .
but to jail them without trial - that is criminal , regardless of the dollar amount .
and since the owners are taiwanese , it sounds political more than anything else .
china is the country that imports animal parts from africa because of some silly voodoo chinese medicine beliefs .
china is responsible for desecrating the populations of many of the greatest animal species left on earth .
do they charge any tariffs on rhino horns or lion penis bones .. ?
doubt it .
looks like your average ghetto hopper
i know liking men is ghetto 😷 but i ’ m different i swear 😓 i ’ m a bitch ass nigga 😌 scouts honor 👌 🏿 🥺
the word is racist .
and racist is racist . (
if you mean the one with the " a " at the end , it 's used in the black community as a non - pejorative , but that 's something that 's exclusive to them . )
america is the only place on this planet that tells their citizens to go back to where they came from .
only place on this planet that hates folks with color .
< user > feminazi macumbeira kk
last june , on the day he was supposed to board a plane back to his home country of mexico , jose robles took refuge in a church in downtown seattle .
when he could no longer avoid reporting to immigration , his family and community rallied around him .
url
old fart drivers , that 's why .
same thing in fl .
lmao ur a dumb bitch
would appear once insulin balance is out of whack it only takes a small amount of sugar to trigger the body to convert all energy in the blood stream to fat storage which then leads to a sugar crash causing cravings for more junk food .
< user > < user > “ pushed ” lmao she fell fucking forward get this retard shit outta here
what is the worst thing about being asian ?
keeping track of your pets
i feel like i am on a permanent war footing just this afternoon in newcastle city centre it was wall to wall niggers pakis and camel fuckers i wanted to kill every last one of them
dis lil white bitch got da poker 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♂ ️
been sleeping toooooo much , fuck it i m a enjoy it before i start working 2 jobs like a hoe haha
i m living in burnaby , all i see is chinamen everywhere ... what happened to the great colony built by the british empire ?
bunch of fucking sexist haters whining in the comments .
smoove criminal moonwalk on a hoe like michael
not again .
he cares nothing for alaska or it d people .
@realdonaldtrump better for mexico keep this migrant out of our borders .
usa right now is lauded of migrant so we know ds ndp radical communist snakes do n't give a sheet about that .
but the hard working people of this country care a 100 & .
enough is enough .
radical congress using migrant as poppet
his own racism is nauseating .
his " settlers " now include   chinese immigrants , muslims , south asians   and blacks   he hates the world and all the people of it .
fta : ... a sign posted on the trail said the trail would open until november 15 .
copy editor ?
brown woman says hi .. i hope that 's cool with you 😂
haitians in the house checking in !
we love so dearly bruh
i 'm just saying .... dem curves were .... worthy of their " dem "
+ jus a lightskin i subbed to you and i pressed notifications .
over at the catholic league , bill donahue pulls in $ 400,000 for himself , not counting his cushy expense accounts .
now that is something to brag about .
and he does .
there are good and decent people here who have no interest in hearing jew nigger kike spic jap wop dago mick kraut porch monkey sand nigger moon cricket must they endure just so you can have your opinion validated
statistics do not lie a black man who marries a white women and has kids with that said white women abandons them both over < number > of the time
i went in to chase bank to make a payment on my credit card all chase banks in my city have bullet proof glass in front of the teller .
.@henson_era @treysifuentes i do n't really feel bad for aaron as much as scared of all of you now because you 'd shoot me to&#128514;&#128517 ; .
fucking speertards , right ?
heydrich is the only viable option .
only he can ensure that the reich lasts a glorious thousand years . '
freedom ' is for homojewish italians and " look at me i 've got 179 different ethnicities in my dna " americans .
just a friendly reminder 

 keeping mankind free since december 15 , 1791 

 the second amendment to the constitution of the united states 

 " a well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed "
and yet , the police here had no reason to believe that the op was of a different race as they were talking through the door .
hitler and mussolini were left wing .
nothing anyone can say will change that fact .
newark board of education is so ghetto and unprofessional
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
twu 's coercion of students into signing a covenant to surrender or suspend their freedom to express their sexual orientation and be free from discrimination is , i believe , unlawful .
particularly repellent is that , if allowed , what other fundamental freedoms could twu demand that students surrender ?
why stop at rejecting lgbtq students ?
could twu not claim their religious freedoms include the right to reject jews , muslims , blacks , the ' disabled ' , foreigners , etc . ,
etc . ?
if allowed , twu could ( and likely would ) decide that their religious freedoms include the right to exclude pretty much any group they do n't like . '
religious rights ' must not become a smokescreen for bigotry .
individuals have the right to their religious beliefs and to live their lives in accordance with their chosen religion .
those rights , however , are individual , not ' institutional ' , and can not be allowed to impede the rights and freedoms of others .
there is no ' ranking ' of rights and freedoms in our constitution .
so brown racism ,   black racism are better ?
ever see another race or ethnicity working on a farm ,   other than hispanic ?
ever manage a farm in white racist oregon ?
where did the fruit tramps ,   the okies and arkies go ?
what became of them ?
ever   have to physically separate the mexicans from the laos people ,    who the mexicans call " chinitos " ,   their slang for any asian .
dare you practice free speech in dearborne ,   michigan ,   and set up a curbside christian soap box ?
you tough enough to keep the muslims from beating you senseless in dearborne ,   you infidel !
washington dc 's city council is passing a regulation to make sure that african americans own most of the weed outlets ,   because right now ,   whites have put   up the money ,   made the investment ,   to sell weed to   americans in washington dc .
and only one outlet is african american owned .
that 's racism by government in our nation 's capitol .
" diversity " is the code word , dog whistle ,    for reverse racism ,   sexism by the left .
main white house leakers : 

 among the sources he taped , i 'm told , are steve bannon and former white house deputy chief of staff katie walsh .
whenever i see a missing person story on the news , it makes me sad i miss them too , we had so much fun together ..
they were all felonies and arpaio 's is a misdemeanor ..............
you proved his point , though .
citizenship depends on parents ' nationality in sweden , whereas in america citizenship is given to whoever is born on american territory .
sorry , for all who have lost a loved one .
so if someone is making death threats , you think that is the job of an administrator ?
so let me guess , if someone make a bomb threat , you think that is the job of the administrator to handle that too ?
the moment a threat or physical violence happens , it is the job and responsibility to call hpd .
putting a tro , issuing no trespasses on adults , and calling hpd is the responsible thing to do .
as for " no public high school in the state of hawaii seems to be dealing with ? "
i recall families waiting after football practice at kahuku when they first hired reggie torres since he set higher academic standards .
i recall last year when the boys basketball team boycotted playing for coach akina at kahuku .
parents went to school and made a lot of trouble .
and a mother even went onto the news to complain .
there 's problems everywhere .
last year so many parents complained during midseason at punahou , the girls head coach resigned halfway through the season .
it 's everywhere .
this plan has been talked about for over a year , so i expected all tv stations , cb , etc .
to be there .
after i posted that comment , i did see the story on hawaii news now , but that was it .
the more president obama poisons the water , the greater the desire for destroying bo 's legacy .
it 's like watching grade school kids .
the four women are trying to tear down the borders to favor their own genetic group right ?
is n't that racist of them ?
okay , bitch , i 'll use your correct pronouns or whatever , just quit bothering me , skank !
the voices in my head may not be real , but they have some good ideas !
as hailame told alana to leave the vehicle(possibly because of fire / smoke ) , alana most likely in a daze asked hailame to help her move him himself but hailame told alana to leave him be as he was pinned in the vehicle .
yeah , i had to figure that out some cause it was n't making sense until brainstorming what was written .
but it could have been reported wrong by thestaradvertiser in which they are most likely are in that alana was reported been helped out of the vehicle by someone(possibly an officer ) and was asking that person to help her get hailame out of the car in which i assume hailame said to leave him be cause he was pinned in the vehicle .
you are an 1diot .
you really think that caan deserves to get paid more than park and kim ?
you must be another ignorant trump supporter .
if anything they should get rid of caan , they do n't need him .
split his pay between park and kim .
yes park and kim are n't " local " but they are characters that hawaii people can relate to .
only haoles can relate to redneck caan .
notice that the asian regulars left , maybe they should rename the show haole 5 - 0 .
or maybe they already planned to get rid of the 2 actors .
end of last season kono was on a plane leaving , chin ho was offered a job on the mainland .
looks like they wrote it in just in case the 2 left the how .
what do chinese eat when they are on a diet fetus .
why does sally fall off the swing .
because she has no limbs .
someone in la is prejudice against asians ?
why ?
look too much like mexicans ?
actually she should be made to write   a paper on why she hates asians .
it 's a lot easier being a hindu and believing in reincarnation ; if you die - no problem   - you will just come back again .
elton john was right when he sang , ' sorry seems to be the hardest word ' , especially if you are asian .
missing muslim teen maarib al hishmawi has been found i reported on her honor violence disappearance last month she told authorities that her parents poured hot cooking oil on her and hit her with broomsticks when she objected to an arranged marriage
< user > < user > well for one they follow lucifer not a god islam is the problem
pathetic russian subhuman
correction : it will cost us big time .
i m offended at all the beaners chinks niggers and sandniggers that drive and use cars automobiles they belong to my culture the white man this racism has to stop find other means of transportation
watching this anal rape episode pretty funny but the one thing that annoys me about an otherwise fine episode is the use of sam jackson and charlie murphy as the voice of the wiggers i think it done to give ppl license to laugh at white people dropping n bombs freely
i came to terms with that and the fact that they are better with a spear than i will ever be .
@madhukishwar @davidfrawleyved indian hindus getting killed in india by anti national hindu terrorists and you are worrying about pakistan and about your religion .
shame on you traitors .
i feel so bad for @allieimpact for having to deal with assholes walking up to her table while eating .
sorry , allie
weeks after nixon had resigned , 30 - 35 % of the us public still believed that watergate was something cooked up by the press , and other forces aligned against nixon ( the democrats , the press , the russians , various unions , etc ... never mind that it was republican congressional leaders that pushed him to resign as they would no longer support him ) .... 6 months to a year later , market researchers / pollsters gathering data on unrelated subjects asked questions on demographics , voting trends etc ... turns out only 5 % of people asked had actually voted for nixon in 1972 .... for the record , nixon won 61 % of the popular vote .... funny how that happens ....
your puny pathetic genocidal god does n't exist dumbass
oy vey we have to help the minorities because they can not achieve anything especially if you know that native americans made peanut butter before jews brought blacks to the us einstein stole relativity from an italian
donald j. trump‏verified account @realdonaldtrump   8h8 hours ago 
  a great day at the white house !
enjoy those great days at the wh while you can mr. trump , and do n't let the door hit you when you leave .
himanshu purohit go and bend over and let the white man fuck you in the arse you fucking pussy .
the umpire can not be disrespected .
you are a typical inferior complex dipshit
@meee682 @kimdotcom @seanhannity yea the country may getting invaded daily by brown people , censorship is rampant , anti - white hatred is everywhere , suicides & shootings are at an all time high thanks to a degenerate & disgusting culture , but ... " wow muh economy best ever " !
fuck , i ca n't imagine being so low iq .
got no problem with taking a goat .
making it an internet sensation is sophomoric at best .
turning it into a news story is juvenile .
looks like a nanny to me .
and a kid at that ...
you know while it true that asians are different i am not sure soy has not done a number on them either china is pretty leftist and the men are weak in comparison japan used to have really rugged men samurai and all and now they look like girly pop stars
its always the the indian urgh not only they shit in public street , they also go scamming gullible people
today two terrorist attacks with machete in buckinham palace and bruselles but in america the free media doesn ´ t say a thing but trump nazi hate speech white supremacist and even call the terrorism just a copycat of charlottesville violence that ´ why we need new medias and free speech
< user > especially with a nazi i the white house
the pajeet invasion is particularly depressing the argument that works on normies for niggers and sandniggers does not work for pajeets pajeets simply drag everything down pajeets smile at you while they drown you in third worldism
the gasping old party ca n't win because they have alienated the vast majority of women , blacks , latinos , asians , millennials , lgbts , the poor - the list goes on .
and this continues despite the ' autopsy ' the party big wigs held years back that concluded the republican'ts must have a ' bigger tent . '
so much for that .
how shameful that murkowski , sullivan and young are all in for trump .
that is proof positive that they do n't listen to the people they are supposed to represent , and put party over all else .
they 'll own that for years and years .
pathetic .
the left hinges entirely on the notion that white people are obligated to share any homeland with niggers muslims jews latinos hispanics indians hindus etc asians and any other brown or black third worlders maga altright
my god look at these barbaric ppl .
and these pigs all watching .
they r a very , very sick culture .
and omar and rashid want this crap here .
this is america not the middle east .
round them up and send them home .
kkk had white privileges
you presume a lot about my beliefs .
if he highlighted some people are forced to wear it i would not cry islamophobia , but good attempt at a strawman .
you also provide no reason why it should n't be normalised .
i do n't care so long as people choose to wear it and it would be an invasion of personal liberty to prevent that .
if it is wrong for people to socially pressure women to wear a burqa or niqab , it is wrong to pressure them to wear other things .
it does n't harm others , so what reason is there for banning it at all ?
i hope japan gets nuked again for spawning weeb shit
awesome news jack , john and dr. stecher ! !
thank you for making lemons into lemonade !
i love # therepairshop on bbc2 me and wife bing watch on demand would love if they do a comparison photo when they finish
it why i always advocate so strongly for following nonwhite people queer people disabled people on social media reading listening hearing us talk about what important to us which sometimes will be identity related sometimes not hearing what our daily lives are like
we will deport you all and arrest the rest there is no escape ....... this is americas purge !
being nice = soy drinking beta male ?
i think your the beta male for thinking that all females have to show there tits .
china is by far the worst , and their growing population makes them bolder !
america is guilty of many things but we do n't boil animals alive .
we should throw in with them since you love them so much and blow you up too .
people kill me on here bitchin about government blamin all gun owners for one idiot then they blame all christians or all boomers or all seniors for some problem they are dealing with # hypocrites
i am sure china is by now aware they will be told they will not be getting any oil products or gas from canada .
all their hopes and dreams of getting canadian petroleum are now dashed .
people are just like trees they fall after you hit them several times with an axe .
hugo , trump does n't care about latinos .
they are people to be turned away from our border or put in cages .
i 'm all for equality .
so fuck black people .
and fuck hispanic people .
and fuck muslims too .
and asians .
and indians .
and jews for that matter , fuck them .
and fuck this fat fuck in particular .
the way men speak about women on this sub ( and some others ) is really gross and makes me not even want to explore reddit any more
i just think life is hard enough without being gay on top of it .
convention stress , zine stress , moving stress , friendships stress and other things are killing me and i need time away .
these bitches is wild
japanese say if you do n't listen , you going to die literally .
it takes the village and there friends to kill a child .
refugees accused of killing american couple and resettled in australia ' posed danger to us ' # auspol url via @abcnews
all those illegal bangladeshi muslim immigrants tweeting from fake hindu bengali account with the trend go back amit shah your time is up no matter how much your mumtaz begum tries to save you you guys are going to get kicked out start counting your days
you 're confusing moral outrage with racism and bigotry .
walking along the road i realised how dirty pakis are < number > of them spitting on the floor dirty bastards i thought and i bet their husbands are just as bad
i do not need to read any report in my day we hated pakis we knew they were filth they could not keep their hands of young girls and we are sorted regularly and moved to towns where they had brothers safety in numbers yorkshire it called aka paki land
wonderful .
so just like the uk .
.
@nicemangos is a voice of reason and @rubinreport is a conspiracy theorists , far right lunatics enabler .
it 's not even a hard choice
and popes are n't called to use gutter talk , witness francis ' use of fecal language and fetishes .
something appears sadly awry with him .
this is getting awful .
i did n't know there was such a thing until the pope is being quoted about it .
horrific .
raise the tone or bow out .
pahinui ohana - absolute legends of hawaiian music .
hopefully one of the keiki will continue that great legacy .
someone in la is prejudice against asians ?
why ?
look too much like mexicans ?
actually she should be made to write   a paper on why she hates asians .
there are localized outbreaks of ' gun violence ' in epidemic proportions .
criminal gangs of specific ethnicities :   black , hispanic and asian respectively .
that is not a racist comment , either .
just a recitation of the facts of life ... and death .
heard we had a porn bot problem today while i was gone who was the porn bot anybody know
don ’ t worry bout that bitch fuckin yo dawg u got ta let me choose i ’ m wit da winning crew don ’ t help no losers i m a let em lose
normies , if you truly wish to help me , tell me how to deal with my severe bitterness and envy 
 please do n't use the therapy meme , therapy has never worked for me .
< user > < user > < user > they are the best man the ultimate muslim shoe white ones are doubly good reflective ones triply
abortion should be as available as having the appendix out .
it 's a surgical procedure like any other especially in cases like the one denise mentions about the baby suffocating .
cases like this are sometimes called therapeutic abortions to be distinguished from abortions for socio - economic reasons .
but if that 's meant to separate morally permissible abortions from immoral ones , then it does n't stand .
early abortions ( 98 % of all abortions ) do not involve killing a life that has any sentient experience .
and as denise argues , it 's sometimes immoral to bring a fetus to term because it can then feel pain and distress .
and ms schley is off base in stating that russia is a " proven enemy " , this after a long investigation the only proof of collusion found by mueller was the clinton machine paying the russians for dirt on trump .
there is zero evidence of russia doing anything aside from a lousy $ 150 k in facebook advertising .
at worst , trump will be exposed for using russian mob money to finance one of his fabulous hotels .
this new mccarthyist bent liberals are foaming about their figurative mouths over is a waste of time , energy , and effort .
furthermore the dnc leadership purging progressives who supported ellison and sanders in the name of diversity is true treachery .
same feeling i had , kc .
then words came out of me !
cool stuff goin' on up there .
used to work in a couple bars in nome .
to have tourists come in is gon na change that place forever !
not upset in the least , but glad i saw it when it was bawdy , rowdy , and old .
freekin ' really old infrastructure and interiors .
i loved it .
lotza hidey - holes and secret " forts " , meaning cool places to smoke a joint .
cernovich race mixes and does tabloid journalism regardless of his fellow white person status cerno in every sense is a bugman he raising chink kids he pro sodomy and pro homosexual a former tranny lover he got a rap sheet a mile long and you and i both know it
are you chinese ?
then what are you ?
because you do n't look like us .
britain sent its trash & riffraff to india , south africa & australia .
china floods tibet with han chinese .
india will now send cowbelt rapists & criminals to destroy what 's left of kashmir .
prepare for bajrang dal goons to force kashmiri muslims to say jai shri ram or get lynched
could you upload a pic of this amazing set up ?
aau is association of american universities , not american association of universities .
that is a pretty basic error for one whose " beat " is the university .
you can really tell that gefilte fish was invented by a gay little frog that the peak of juliebait
what has more guts than a cornered samurai ?
the floor , after seppuku
what a fing pos .
i bet he mostly planted it on color people .
islam is founded on the principle of facilitating good and preventing harm all of its laws revolve around this concept
wrong .
it is a government facilitated invasion .
it is occurring all across western civilization .
the terms " immigrants , refugees , asylum seekers " have all been bastardized & weaponized to invade the mesmerized & hypnotized european white nations .
url
wow never had such a busy evening until now bluehand family joining gab in droves here all free speech is welcomed if snowflake soy boy leftie sjws are not content with mute or stop follow then they can fuck off to dhimmi moslem cock sucking twatter
let me guess you are a uneducated yank that believes everything the media says you probably never left the country .
you probably think all muslims are bad .
our economy is still the biggest in the world .
i am just saying that trump is experienced in negotiation .
obama and clinton were neophytes .
sorry to break it to you .
they e all gay pakistan has more male prostitutes than any other country most paki men have had homosexual sex with other men and boys sick fucks
maybe they told him that his child would get to be king of africa they would be lying of course only full jews get the privilege of ruling once whites have been banished and the east asians have been taken care of
finders keepers , losers weepers is apparently not a good enough reason to kidnap children from playgrounds
the state of oregon would be a lot better off using the money this appeal will cost to better train the state police , or perhaps to induce edwards to turn in his badge and take early retirement .
i lost it over everyone jerking off to an old dumb ass lady getting tazed .
the comments were really gross .
< user > terrorist protesters all are bangladeshi muslims
in the last 20 years , has any feminist in the western world been victimised ( attempted rape , murder or kidnapping ) for being a feminist or having / spreading feminist ideas ?
my cleavage makes you so weak .
you ca n't resist it 💦   you crave to be dominated by a superior 2d goddess 💋 it 's so humiliating and so hot , your little clit ca n't help itself but twitch everytime you see my posts and take control over your weak mind 💸 💸 url
mscorsvw one of the more retarded features of windows launched after updating net to rebuild optimize assemblies ms offloads cpu time and energy costs onto consumers because unique system configurations imply they can not ship pre built assemblies true yes hurts performance yes
don ’ t worry bout that bitch fuckin yo dawg u got ta let me choose i ’ m wit da winning crew don ’ t help no losers i m a let em lose
walking the path i used to take with umi to pasir ris central , listening to simple plan .
walk down memory lane ah eh haha
i do nt like richcels 
 if you have money you should cope with hookers , i would travel to thailand to fuck with hookers but i m fucking poor , i m a poor neet
today my friend said it was okay to love your family members to no extent .
\*sweet home alabama\ *
" most of the opponents said the site should be used for social housing and traditional chinese businesses . "
can you imagine if a group of white canadians opposed a new chinese / indian / whatever development on the basis that it should only be a traditional white canadian business ?
people would scream bloody racist .
apparently in vancouver this is perfectly fine though .
my economics professor just called these asians retards & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
it 's not though because this is aja speaking from the perspective of a group she identifies with ( even though she is not ethnically part of that group , she was adopted by a puerto rican family and raised in the culture ) .
the point is contentious even within the community but there are definitely people that support it .
i 'm a light skinned asian ( not mixed / questionably white - passing like manila ) and there 's some merit to what aja said but it 's really not her place to make that statement .
thanksgiving is a great day shitposting to trigger neurotic shitlibs but you know what i will save that for the faggots over on twatter to all my gab fam a happy and blessed holiday take stock of your blessings and be thankful happythanksgiving
a reminder that catholics should not support or attend lgbtq " pride month " events held in june .
they promote a culture and encourage activities that are contrary to catholic faith and morals .
they are especially harmful for children .
what makes you think that another muslim will not win
being a white knight male feminist does n't get you laid .
it makes you pathetic .
there is plenty to hold mr trudeau on , his hair is of no consequence .
you are right .
you are welcome to go through my history of comment and see that i have scorned mr harper on this issue when he was in office many times .
rights of the individual , not partisan .
pointing out the guy who is not in power and has n't been in two years did it too but not as badly is just distracting from the issue .
dougie , the first large scale genocide in the modern world was committed by the muslim turks against the christian armenians in 1915 over 1.8 million murdered .
armenia was the first nation in the world to accept the christian faith .
turkey and the muslim world refuse to admit to these terrible crimes .
present leader of turkey makes it a crime to mention the armenian genocide .
just imagine if modern day germany would do that regarding the holocaust .
the narrative is this pushed by dougie and friend west and christians bad   and muslim victims .
this narrative is pushed daily buy the globe and the media in general .
lets have a discussion regarding the armenian genocide and putting pressure on turkey to act more civilized regarding this issue .
apparently , a lot of people think that they 're safe in certain places .
their reality leads them to believe that no one in school will ever be attacked , raped or killed .
my reality has taught me otherwise .
no one else is going to protect me .
if people do n't want to protect themselves , that 's on them .
if they do want to carry , they need to be trained properly in the use of their weapon , and part of that training includes learning that you do n't pull your weapon in a fit of anger , while intoxicated , etc .
what happened to common sense ?
i am against only those that use racism as a weapon .
for if used as weapon against me i will use right back ,
a notification about a gate or luggage carousel change would be useful , but , you know , you do you . (
i love jb , truly , i just wanna go home . )
why y' all be so worried about who people fucking if you ai n't the one fucking em&#129300;&#129300 ; how that make any type of sense mind ya business
i read that there are very few changes from each edition and that the sole purpose for the changes is to ruin lesson plans and thwart the used book market .
perhaps .
and the fact that the person who came to his rescue was wearing a hijab is just a coincidence .
oh , you 're not like our other indian colleague .
you 're light skinned , you 're okay .
they just talk about how brown they are .
lesbian here .
straight people , please come !
we need more allies !
understanding the lgbt+ community would be both an educational opportunity for you , a sweet moment for the people you 're supporting ( friends or family ) , and another person supporting our cause outside of the lgbt+ community .
on the day of your birthday an accident happened .
you were born .
if your mum did nt drop you head first you probably would n't be as retarded
if you notice me start to act different or distant .. it 's bc i peeped something you did or i notice a difference in how you act & amp ; ian fw it .
if a bitch wear white socks w black shoes vice versa they ca nt dress automatically eliminated that so tacky
just in : hawaii emergency management agency tweets there is no missile threat to hawaii , after residents allegedly received emergency alert warning of an incoming ballistic missile .

imagine the day when idiot chinese can walk into an apothecary and buy a micro size tub of rhino horn , legal and straight .
that is the day when there is no longer a black market for the stuff .
as long and there is a black market the animal is doomed to extinction .
other breeders should do the same as mr hume and to hell with stupid conservationists who do n't think things through
the world you live in sounds nice .
word on the street is you 're his brother so of course you would stick up for him .
you both have the same views on race .
how many people would defend the jews if everyone knew there is a plan to bring chinese troops to bomb the usa
< user > devildog put both on to a spectrum the number of radical muslims that support carrying out jihad is big the number of radical jews that support and employ the talmud is small in comparison yet their leverage in media financing academia and politics is revealing bad influence on both
tradition the most brutal fights every black friday can be found at walmart usually triggered by minorities fighting over shit made in china i do not care for my fellow asians much but i would trade all this ghetto trash in for boatloads of japanese and koreans speekfreely maga gabfam
@potterheadfrost wtf is wrong with these ppl omg
" .... following a crackdown by u.s. president donald trump on illegal immigrants , migrants and refugees ..... "    utter nonsense .
this wave is the result of our prime minister putting on one of his skirts and acting like the statue of liberty again .
4:34 " did you get the sound ? "
sounds like she has an american accent and now i ca n't unhear it
i recorded a video and i look stupid as hell lmaoo
is that what you think ?
have you forgotten about the american invasion of korea .
have you forgotten about the 50 years of brutal rule by the japanese over the koreans ?
i think you must be a human turd .
i will hunt you down you f**cker and slit your f***ing throat .
he has no idea   he is actually an international laughing stock .
his nick name in chinese is little potato because that is what his most admired communist party thinks of him .
trump by comparison is   perfect gentleman .
@omeagoz @education4libs if you 're interested in equality , then why support legislation that promotes nonexistent rights for certain groups .
the constitution already ensures equality to all , including lgbtqia .
@meee682 @kimdotcom @seanhannity yea the country may getting invaded daily by brown people , censorship is rampant , anti - white hatred is everywhere , suicides & shootings are at an all time high thanks to a degenerate & disgusting culture , but ... " wow muh economy best ever " !
fuck , i ca n't imagine being so low iq .
we need more gender non conforming transfemme people .
do what you want and be your best self !
we 're all rooting for you :)
why do only men have to pay for alimony ?
yes of course equality
lot of dems want to throw open the borders so immigrant votes can give the party a permanent lock on political power sordid and destructive
lmao bread is the dish of the year from ghetto < number > loaves to if you have to ask five volume master works
putting the issue of whether he should even have compensation aside ; he is being made a very very rich man with this payment .
$ 10.5 million is way too much and the courts did not say that he needed to be made rich .
he is now one of the richest young men in all of canada and he was a proud jihadi , loyal to his terrorist father well into his 20 's .
we just handed over millions to a person who probably still believes in radical jihad .
where will that money go ? ?
scary .
do you know that he demanded to have a black female guard removed ?
he called her a slave .
he has the values of his father .
has twitter seriously gotten to the point of committing suicide by cop ?
only her hairdresser ... er , doctor knows for sure .
and you a nightshade kike sand nigger
absolutely agree with you .
people know this about that hike , can be treacherous and it is difficult - if they take time to look that is .
it is not a easy hike .
but it is well worth it .
hanging lake is really unique .
beautiful .
earth 's toilet is where men fuck men , women fuck women , adults fuck kids , men mutilate themselves into women , prostitution is widespread and drugs are already ( or soon to be ) legal , where immorality is so widespread that you ca n't find a virgin girl for marriage even among a million women .
and that is not the middle east .
if you do this , that still makes you a racist .
if you fuck a goat just because it 's the most disgusting thing you can think of , you 're still a goat - fucker .
just do n't pay it !
that 's how the obama administration would do things .
people are like snow ... if it 's black , brown , or yellow , do n't touch it .
i guess that i , an arab muslim woman who leans a little to the left , is an incel right - wing nazi .
you presume a lot about my beliefs .
if he highlighted some people are forced to wear it i would not cry islamophobia , but good attempt at a strawman .
you also provide no reason why it should n't be normalised .
i do n't care so long as people choose to wear it and it would be an invasion of personal liberty to prevent that .
if it is wrong for people to socially pressure women to wear a burqa or niqab , it is wrong to pressure them to wear other things .
it does n't harm others , so what reason is there for banning it at all ?
< user > gay asf of u to say this kisses u
himanshu purohit go and bend over and let the white man fuck you in the arse you fucking pussy .
the umpire can not be disrespected .
you are a typical inferior complex dipshit
so you use a korean surname but are n't asian ?
that 's messed up on so many levels !
and when are you going to be pointing out my " biases ? "
pointing out that cops stop people who match the description when searching for someone ... is biased ?
or are the cops biased ?
should they not be searching based on physical description ?
maybe they should just search by asking people their names .
if they were looking for patrick cho , who do you think they 'd stop and question ?
the irony of your last sentence is astonishing .
it would be funny if you were n't quite so sanctimonious in your opinion of yourself .
it is to avoid that china be the first military power of the planet !
ppr our children so that the slave workers of international communism do not end up !
trompa now !
every chinese port should be destroyed!it is to avoid that china be the first military power of the planet !
ppr our children so that the slave workers of international communism do not end up !
trompa now !
every chinese port should be destroyed !
" canadian immigration : " " you 're not in trouble .
you 're welcome to return to canada anytime .
but we 're gon na issue a warrant for you at 6 am . " " "
what i want to know is if these sweeps are limited solely to latino persons or if they are going after other ethnic groups as well ?
what about poles in chicago ?
asians in seattle ?
every other ethnic group in new york ?
dream on ...
you have n't a clue what amount he would have won .
a theory of mine : if during ww2 , we did n't nuke japan and instead we just dropped them shits on basedgoth 's house , then deadass i think the world would be a much better place than it is right now ( probably ) !
cancer - cured , world hunger - solved , global warming - would n't exist .
hungry .
but so not gon na eat .
gon na get my dream body .
shiah dream body kau hade ?
just gon na lose some weight la .
need a lil drama tweet & # 129305;&#127995 ;
how do you blindfold a chinese person ?
dental floss .
@vamsi krishna so now a transgender can give birth ?
+ jordan bettencourt plenty of atheists , catholics , etc never tried drugs either .
the concept that everyone is getting rejected because we 're all degenerates does n't make sense .
and how do you use your gun to protect yourself when someone driving on a road you are on suddenly blow himself up next to you ?
it could happen anywhere and you wo n't know when and where until it is too late .
or you could drive or walk along looking around constantly with fear wondering if that guy is wearing a suicide vest or that car is carrying a bomb .
i 'm an atheist , you brainwashed identity politics playing faggot .
go kill babies , shit head .
the article should read that trump enjoys very favorable ratings and the average american feels that they finally have a voice in washington .
now it is time to move ottawa back to canada .
# whitepower ... i'll hang you nigger
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
while i disagree with your take on brown / blackface , i appreciate that you make the effort to be sensitive to the minorities .
there are many things that we can disagree on , on the basis of religion , race , personal beliefs amongst other but being observant and making an effort to make others feel comfortable is what truly makes a gracious and multi cultural society
it was in defense of building a train . . .
for rich , influential developers .
do n't forget that part .
it was for building a train they tried to sell to the public on the basis of a lie .
after all , the " dumb public " wo n't know any better or will be too busy working to support their families to be able to take any effective part in government .
money talks talks the language of the legislature .
as long as there are enough legislatures who know better but will not speak up because they want to protect their political futures this will continue .
we should n't be surprised or expect the current legislature to change .
there needs to be a redefining of what it means to be a public servant .
at this point we are the servants of those in public office .
hey buddha buddy do me a favour and you know fuck off ?
oh and you know kindly not be a racist and sexist islamophobe fuck head sincerely go fuck yourself you utter piece of shit ps i would greatly appreciate it if you actually used your brain   pps the black templars of the imperium of man say go fuck yourself with a khorne dildo bolter
every single one is an indian slum where we all eat our own shit and die except r / coaxedintoasnafu
+ jordan bettencourt plenty of atheists , catholics , etc never tried drugs either .
the concept that everyone is getting rejected because we 're all degenerates does n't make sense .
< user > < user > < user > i see a white person using racism as a political weapon instead of a tool for learning and understanding only racists play that shit
i 'm asian , and about 70 % of the racial slurs thrown at me have been from black folks .
they ranged from " open your eyes ! "
to " do you speak english ? "
should i accuse the majority of black people as racists or view them in a negative light ?
well faggots can have they 're gay little parades why ca n't straights ?
< user > this is not funny i am lactating samantha i need you to film it or else ching chong woman will drown in auntie tit milk
@annamaywan all men are shit .
i hear these spanish and oriental kids speaking and i think they must speak english because they go to school and have to communicate with their teachers .
depends on what you definition of ' is ' is .
so well said - 20 stars for that
< user > oh now that one was rich she misses willie her actions are what we call po trailer trash
" chinese are happy doing things china 's way " 

 lies .
survey after survey reports chinese are miserable and want freedom of speech , right to dissent , right to gather in groups of more than 3 in public places , american tv , less government involvement in their lives .
ouch .... a bit more than a statement i would say .
domination !
should women be held accountable by their children for causing birth defects by drinking , smoking , or doing drugs ?
he blinks slowly before sliding to the other end of the bench and going back to his brooding the fuck your problem anyway loaded question i do not have time to answer fine fuck you too
nigga trying to explore into some penis url
rebounding and scoring inside were two areas of concern given unc 's size .
ducks winning both battles so far , +5 on boards , +2 in the paint .
i 'm so possible white latino people think i 'm european and are blown away when i speak spanish but sadly i 'm 5'8 and a retired athletes body .
lmao it 's not even good for real israelis .
they get to deal with all the terrorists infesting the fallen states like iraq and libya .
but the ( ( ( neoclowns ) ) ) in the imperial capital and their mic ( ( ( friends ) ) ) get billions .
what if < number > million asians oust whites from spots < number > million < number > million how far are you willing to go to dispossess native whites ya know there a reason for separate nations fucking cuck
haisha ?
move to japan you fucking fag .
hurr durr i m an amine .
yeah fuck off you literal veggie
i guess the police have a history with this person repeatedly losing their dogs or something ?
something bad has them very unhappy .
japanese is not a race .
< user > you are getting raped
< user > for real they have also banned using illegal alien in a discriminatory way and discriminating based on english proficiency as new violations ny always ahead of the rest of the us
you got ta be kidding .
trump a christian , nope , he is the devil , he hates blacks , hispanics , muslims , gays , asians , etc .
need to get on the meatpacking plants and the nail salons too those asians do not have the respect to learn english they do not have a problem taking our money and not ringing it into the register either
@smexy_josh77 literally all for clout , any random nigga ai n't doing this
zuma must leave us in peace and stay with his gupta friends in dubai .
they have stolen enough .
supplement handi vans with more thai baht buses and scooter taxis .
i like those filipino tricycles .
put them in every neighborhood to ferry people to the near bus stops , shopping centers , hospitals , doctors ' offices , etc .
have them charge cheap reasonable fares .
< user > swine there are two muslim countries given by india pakistan and bangladeshi how can a muslim will be persecuted in islamic country but hindu sikh jain christian are presecuted in both bangladesh and pakistan
< user > < user > that ’ ghetto okay 😂 😭
war is not violence and killing pure and simple war is controlled violence for a purpose robert heinlein
nobody : literally no one : james : that was rude and homophobic ! ! !
you mean harper is the only leader the cons could have ever had ?
that it was impossible for the cons to replace harper ?
and endorsing the cons is same as endorsing the liberals ?
wow .
what is two plus two ?
twenty two ?
" 1 : " " so then kendall jenner sees the handsome people protesting and decides to abandon her photoshoot " " 2 : " " yes , this all sounds very good " " "
the poll also reveals that more than half of canadians ( 55 per cent ) support a canada - china fta – that ’s a nine - percentage - point increase from the asia pacific foundation ’s polling last year and a 19 - point increase from 2014 .
= = = = = = 
 canadian are such shameless bunch ... using a chinese saying , the ones shedding a tear when seeing his own coffin .
these are the kind of people chinese mostly despise .
so they opened a pet friendly mall next door .
< repeat > now i can finally take my chinese with me
@sairasameerarao slavic or ashkenazi jew .
race is a social construct .
by calling someone " black " or " white"your ignoring the distinctions of what makes us diverse humans .
too late .
just come to markham .
my kids are getting shafted in every way so chinese kids are accommodated .
< user > < user > and all the older white women are not like these crazy slutty women with one egg and a green card i guess it would not be a show if it did not show the worst in everyone 🤦 🏻 ‍ ♀ ️ still hooked though
being kind to others , it 's really not that difficult url
the problem with disincentives for degrees that are not in demand is that it takes four or five years to get a bachelors degree , typically two or three years after that to get a master 's or professional degree , although some of the master 's equivalent professional degrees take four years , and at least a couple of years after that to get a ph.d. in other words , it typically takes about eight years of university to get a professional degree ( ll .
b , m.d , d.d.s and the like )   or ten years of university to get a ph.d. 

 to make sense , the disincentives would have to be for degrees that will not be in demand when this year 's first year class graduates .
how good a fortune teller are you ?
goes back to when the jews now < number > but a tiny alien bolshevik minority helped set up the naacp primarily run funded manned by jews all through the uncivil rights era adding the negro < number > to their < number > increased their reach < number > fold they use negroes as shocktroops
< user > < user > i always wondered why weidner acted like a faggot
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
efcc has lost his integrity if you support this movement tag the bellow or retweet scrape efcc now
ik kibum knos he 's a meme but i wonder if he knows just how far him dressing up as a clown has spread like he is the face of gay stan clownery across so many sites and fandom circles now 😭
i call you that because that 's what you are .
you 're chinese .
you 're oriental .
it 's what you are .
to get rid of a few crude bullies we have further sacrificed our own freedom of   expression and , further insult , we are now censoring ourselves .
i do not like this system .
i can deal with the uncivil ... in fact , i want to hear from them .
you chose an interesting nick name .
the whole debate is about islamophobia so that is why that word is bandied about .
the big question is what exactly deep down attracted you to this issue ?
the second question is why do you misrepresent statements that i made .
six people were murdered by someone who hated muslims .
post something in condolence for the loss of their lives and post something specifically saying that you condemn anti - muslim hatred .
what prevents you from doing that ?
why tf would my bestfriend delete his fucking twitter
you clealy missed this part then hugh " to reflect our goal of maximizing the number of people who apply , which will ensure that government appointments reflect the diversity of canada . "
aka were gon na hire all the indians , asians , blacks , and sikhs .
and avoid hiring white people as much as possible .
we need to make some remakes of old films and replace classical music with rap music and be sure and have black men making love to white women cause that will get all the black men to come and watch the ghetto movies
all this african gentleman want to do is enrich israel their women are being denied his shalom because israeli government officals hate him because of the colour of his skin
got ta hand it to dem asians show me a nigger country building own h bomb
wait wut subaru is a lesbian car
why do the vietnamese never eat fruits ?
they had a bad experience with oranges .
on hiatus .
this youtube video playlist and my last retweet of @anti_fembot which should be below are for those interested in gender and sex issues , men 's rights movement , feminism , anti - feminism , etc . ,
etc .
url
why do the cardinals [ who wrote the dubia ] treat lay catholics so miserably ?
jesus was a sign of contradiction for those who wanted to keep the status quo .
just like their jewish high priest forefathers ,   these hierarchs believe in acting like the jewish hierarchy did back in christ 's time .
they " tie up heavy burdens , hard to bear , and lay them on the shoulders of others ; but they themselves re unwilling to lift a finger to move them . ' [
matt .
23:4 - 5 ] .
these cardinals place all types of barriers up so that the people who most need christ , in his body and blood , can not receive it .
their treachery to god 's people and to the pope , marks them as wolves , pretending to be shepherds .
they believe that there is an unbridgeable gap between doctrinal rigor and mercifulness .
these snarling wolves only employ baited traps and cling to their backward - looking vision all in their attempts to hold onto their wealth and power .
foreign chinese are rushing here to spend their black money and buy anything they can touch without asking for price , who can stop it ?
you and me ? ? ?
< user > < user > because muslims can not be religious persecuted in islamic republic that is pak afg ban there can not be a muslim refugee if he is refugee because of other problem that have to be documneted if india ever thinks about myanmar then buddhist will go out muslims will be there
let 's put it this way .
a major telecoms provider in this country changed my wireless set - up without a single question and they did it pdq when i told them the wireless modem set - up was contributing to significant health problems .
i now have cable and no wireless .
the change definitely helped .
the technical people did it without a single question and it took about 10 - 15 minutes for them to change the set - up over the phone .
i suspect they get this a lot .
wifi and blue led lights both have a wicked effect on health along with magnetic radiation .
magnetic ( power lines , powerful motors , fans , mri equipment ) is actually the worst one , as far as i can see .
it 's no joke .
blue led lights and some other powerful light sources :   brain cancer risk .
it could be a big reason behind people who are in the spotlight a lot developing the disease, ... baseball players ( gary carter ) and entertainers ( gord downie ) being examples .
it 's going to be a big challenge to manage .
why attaching a nazi swastika to the us kikes already own us do you want another genocide as hiler done on white people of europe and russia and no hitler schicklgruber wasn t racist he was purely bred jew and his ss army had yids niggers arabs and asians
they 're only " traitors " because they lost .
nobody refers to our founding fathers as " traitors " despite the fact that they threw off the yoke of english suppression through rebellion and war .
this post is mega gay cause it 's a repost
welcome to america home the degenerate globalist scum who pride themselves on brainwashing and manipulating other people children in the hopes of eventually creating a mindless ghetto of exquisite slave perfection
i 'll tribute your gook slit eyed yellow whore
i get a sense you 're anti - white .
slavery was about the cheapest labor possible , before any other consideration .
if you study history and take personal emotions out of it , that is .
you 've simplified it to " white supremacy " , unfortunately , and ignore all else .
if you want to debate who is deserving of a statue , i might start and end with jesus .
nobody else has been perfect .
if you are reading this .
people like you set the human race back .
faggot
thomas fire : 

 total acreage : 242,500 containment : 30 %
white people vs black and brown people will be race wars on the earth
had a dream that i got to sing one car garage with @bradleywalden at the @emarosa show in columbus .. that'd be sick as fuck & # 128514 ;
@radiofreetom some women of color say the dumbest shit every day .
like you @aoc
he 's hot for an asian .
put up your reference : 

 https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/the-2128-native-american-mascots-people-arent-talking-about 

 those 2,128 represent 5 % of the 42,624 total mascots .
in other words , 95 % of mascots are not based on native american stereotypes or slurs .
@queerty i 'm black , gay , republican , a trump supporter , and have plenty of conservative allies .
stop using this tired internet rag to divide people .
< user > < user > i think he was with underaged boys we all know he gay and no one cares so it has to be something illegal or maybe his lover is an illegal alien what else could it be
i do n't feel sorry for you weak pussies that get racially antagonized by white people in public .
y'all deserve every bit of it .
that can sense of pathetic you are and take rightful advantage .
asians commonly   lie about date of birth .
most of them have two date of birth one real and another on paper .
if a person do not feel ashamed of lying is dishonest to the bone .
greedy lawyers and activists solicit for liars are also dishonest .
going from 600 to 500 is a 15 %   saving .
over 6 months ( 180 days ) that 's 27 days .
perhaps you would care to share your calculations ?
why not all mtorcycles in hov ?
if they ca n't afford the kids , they should n't be having them .
green bay is a team to be feared now .
they have won 7 straight , and only one of those games was close late in the 4th .
what has struck me most about their run is that , excluding some penalties , they have played essentially error free .
both green bay and pittsburgh are capable of winning next week .
for that matter , so is seattle .
three underdogs .
new england , on the other hand , has basically got a bye to the afc championship .
the combined ndp / green platform is to block the $ 7 billion trans mountain pipeline , cancel the $ 9 billion site c dam project and make housing affordable by killing demand and instituting stricter rent controls .
the positive capital flow which has buoyed bc 's economy will reverse and the next ndp , made in bc recession will soon follow .
@isabellemarie96 we 're here , we 're queer , we 're going to be in the office tomorrow .
well that 's depressing , autocorrect wtf
wind 3.5 kts s. barometer 1022.25 hpa , falling .
temperature 13.2 ° c .
rain today 11.1 mm .
humidity 78 %
the terror attack in las vegas is only the beginning if you stupid americans refuse to wake up and take action america will look like sweden in a very short time if you do not elect good people into office and protest radical islam
cause the guy does n't like a nasty gaping vagina like that ?
only dudes who get no pussy salivate at anything with a vagina .
jim jenkins , for a party that supported slavery , segregation , lynching , jim crow , and the current jew - hating , anti - semitic , anti - asian left - wing black left .... you sure have a big mouth .
silly folks .
this is why we need chinese money .
this country is spending itself into a drunken stupor .
my dream is to get an enema from al franken
what 's the difference between the child who was walking down my street and isaac newton ?
isaac newton died a virgin .
awesome .
this is the time to strike .
we need to support full out war against this pathetic chinese regime .
i think that 's more than   appropriate .
these dim wits ca n't seem to understand who and what butters their bread .
personally i think it would be a great opportunity to demand a little more # diversity in the league .
i think it 's a little one sided with only black people earning millions a year .
i want see more white people than 2 on every team .
pride is for all who support it .
queer , straight , trans , cis .
what ’s the difference between a white man and a snake ?
one is an evil , cold - blooded , often venomous , slimy creature of satan 

 and the other one did the holocaust
what do you call a vietnamese guy that wants to be black ?
vinegar .
that is retarded check out these < number > from oz if you have not already < user > < user >
black on dog violence on cat on turtle on fish on old on young on gay on tranny on spic on asian on white on black on etc
the ones that are un noticed put in an honest days work proud of their country love their women absolutely do anything for their families welfare serve their causes respect others going about the business of life quietly men with purpose and honor do not antagonize us fair warning
muslims arrive with their predetermined prejudices to not be good neighbours .
everybody in quebec who is not " pur laine " is marginalized , even their gay , and asian communities are marginalized , but people still get along .
ingrate muslims   reject the quebecois host and all others ,   and then blame the host all others for the rejection .
one thing the news also never mentions about these caravans is how pretty much all of the women get raped .
imagine fucking a white girl and she call you a nigger during sex 💀 💀
hey twitter you enormous fags do not you have more problems than anime posting weebs to worry about your problem should be the actual terrorists and maybe the kangz how about you ban some of those faggots instead
i do nt even want her on the same planet as dr ben carson she symbolizes everything he is not a low life ghetto queen
i am seriously all for these vintage reworked clothes but they are all made by skinny white bitches who use their bodies as reference then say their clothes are xl but that shit will be barely fittin over my titties let alone my chonky belly 🙄 🙄
< user > devildog put both on to a spectrum the number of radical muslims that support carrying out jihad is big the number of radical jews that support and employ the talmud is small in comparison yet their leverage in media financing academia and politics is revealing bad influence on both
i already said it on discord and i guess i should say it here : @starsmileyx and i are now officially in a relationship !
❤ ️
i am jewish so i may be a little biased here but i do feel that you are doing the right thing .
people in general should respect others of their relgious beleifs and even their spirtual ones .
i tried but i do n't really understand the point of this comment .
what do you call an indian with a bindi ?
target practice .
i hate this showguck this show imreakmy gonna cry fuck off
' member when we won the tourney ?
if you voted for us , send proof & amp ; we 'll put you into a drawing for one free opening day breakfast ticket .
an asian woman just gave me a handjob while fingering my ass which is nt what i meant when i asked her to give me a ' hand roll and pork intestines 
 that 's the problem with having the chinese massage place right next to the chinese takeout place
what kind of ironic about this is that a lot of deep ghetto blacks have asiatic eyes anyone else notice the same thing
assuming jeff already is a trillionaire if he was to be muslim he ’ d pay £ < number > billion zakat
maybe they told him that his child would get to be king of africa they would be lying of course only full jews get the privilege of ruling once whites have been banished and the east asians have been taken care of
it is a human crime and   a sin _ though i am not religious__to label your children as victim , because that label will rarely come off 

 shame on the native leaders , shame on trudeau
congrats to mac miller its your 5th day sober
he thinks incel = incest
as a black american i can firmly see that liberal democrats and their minions are taking direct aim at the true target of their quest to erase their questionable history , the american civil war .
with the american civil war on our historical books people will and are beginning to ask a lot of questions that will identify the true past of the democratic party .
why did we have the war ?
who was on what side ?
was slavery an issue ?
what political party established a vigilante group and voted for the jim crow laws to instill the southern way of life that was vanquished and force its will on the republicans and later the freed slaves ?
what was the chicago platform ?
what party did abraham lincoln belong to ?
why did booth shoot lincoln ?
questions that arise from this war all point to an era the democrats want to hide .
the democratic party , founded by andrew " trail of tears " jackson , wants everyone to think that their party pioneered civil rights and emerged in the 1960 's .
they did not .
being revictimized by insurance companies .
there needs to be government intervention .
class - action law suits and laws preventing insurance companies from escaping their responsibilities .
loool says the chinese cock gagging degenerate .
funny u say that considering your origins are the same .
now go beg for funds to build dams or to get c grade teams to tour the terrorist harbinger of inbreds where teams are shot if they visit to play .
jennaaaaab .
shut this twerkin fuck with blunts lambo trash hoes
equifax ought to be offering that monitoring program free to the one million ( nice round number ) of canadians whose data has been ' compromised ' through negligence .
in the us equifax is subject to massive fines and damage suits .
in canada we 're willing to settle for a ' sorry ' .
' do n't do it again ' and ' is that $ 19.95 us dollars or canadian ? '
these assholes know   how to add insult to injury .
almost as well as they know how to make their money before the bad news gets out .
but insider trading is another story .
@sugasonlykitten i 'm f*cking tired of racist , misogynistic assholes .
sick of them .
send them all back where they came from .
i d bend you over that bath tub and pound your tight little pussy as you beg for daddy to fuck you harder until you cover my rock hard cock in your delicious cum
people have sex for pleasure and physical connection with another person , it 's always been like that , just cause you do nt like it , that do nt mean it should be enforced on everyone else .
that 's such a stupid thing to say , preaching " only have sex for kids " is not going to do shit .
you implied kids are a consequence for having sex , what is that other then a punishment ?
it would probably cause more people to end below the poverty line .
are you telling me you never had sex until you were financially secure ?
trump is an idiot that is working hard to do putin 's orders and destroy america .
he said that he would go after china for issues .
instead he went after canada who has the most balanced trade with us .
and he gave china a pass right after china allowed his family to take certain copy rights from other chinese .
he continues to allow china to manipulate money , as well as bully asia .
he has been relaxing on russia , and is obviously going to be charged with treason via logan act .
he said that he would help companies by cutting their taxes and increasing ' bats ' .
due to far right idiots like kock bros , he is doing nothing .
however , he is talking about doing a massive tax cut which we can not afford .
w / gop drove us into the ground back in the 00s , and now , t / norquist / gop wants to bury us .
at the same time , he is pushing more regulations and laws on women , and even talking about eo that go well beyond anything that other presidents , incl o , did .
chinese law for chinese .
human rights for humans .
i see nothing wrong .
chinese are like the products they produce .
cheap , plentiful , and disposable .
before we met when i first saw your name i thought you were going to be one of those quiet asians - you know ?
and my mom was like ' well maybe she 'll just spend all her time in the library so you 'll have the room to yourself !
i 'm so glad you 're not like that !
it an incident you hear that incident if it was a white guy it would be terrorism you know we should figure out what the arabs are doing
" working man " ?
how about working people ?
maybe if all these companies from the lower 48 stopped bringing most if not all of their people from tx and la up to ak instead of hiring alaskans ... (the white / black / asian / etc .
people who actually work that is ) then maybe our economy would be better .
am i racist ?
no i am not ... it is not secret that native corps take and take whatever they are handed by the fed and state governments ... and they continue to pay nothing for all the services they take advantage of ... ever been to a native corp office? ... they do nothing , but get paid for " working" ... been their twice ... both times a joke !
seems like they are all in a fog ... always have their hands out though !
is n't that native land deal already paid for dearly ?
seems like we are still paying for that ... am i wrong ?
nope !
do some research ... how many grants from the feds does one actually need when making millions in profits !
how pathetic !
pay for your own shit !
fuck brazil shithole ass place with shithole ass people .
do n't , 

 for them to deny something that is likely very well documented would foolish .
all that would mean is that later , maybe in a day or two , their lies would be exposed and they would be subject to even greater media scrutiny .
' boulder does n't currently know what they do , or who they are '   i think i have a clue for boulder .
they are jobless , they are mostly drunks and drug addicts , and they do n't want a job , rehabilitation , just handouts , and i 'm sure boulder , as denver has , will give in to their demands .
it 's all nonsense , wrapped up in liberal emotional hand wringing .
lol at < user > thinks currynigger monkey cow elephant worshipping streetshitters are taking over the world lol currynigger you re just riding the white mans dick thank u come again
" perhaps if all americans would quietly reflect on the fact that whites will be a minority by 2040 - 45 , then with this inevitability , we could redirect the hate , anger , violence and fear of the extreme right into something more constructive and nation - building . "
that 's an interesting view .
i mean i might still be alive in 2045 - maybe .
i 'm not really worried about what color people are though .
it 's hard to be completely color blind , but i grew up not even realizing that " hispanic " was a separate race from white people and it was n't for a lack of being around people from mexico , puerto rico and cuba either .
i just thought they were white people from countries where spanish was the predominant language , much like italians were from a country where they spoke italian and belgians spoke some weird language and came from belgium .
are italians still considered white these days ?
let 's ask richard spencer .
meh , they 're probably not .
i think we 're all human still .
i do n't want to see america treated like a garbage can .
luv from canada .
those minority women should be deported there not wanted here there trash
it looks like our friend krekar will be winning lots of votes for anti - immigrant parties in norway 's upcoming election .
what 's red , sits in the corner and cries a baby eating razor blades .
what 's blue and sits in the corner ?
same baby < number > weeks later
i must now completely agree with a previous commentator .... you have no soul .
to follow your logic ( ? )
to the end would make our country the same as ancient rome while it burned .
nero fiddled as he watched it being consumed by the flames .
now that 's a great idea , is n't it ?
by your logic - not , none of us should have fire protection .
all property out west used to be federal lands .
nitwit .
" i do n't retreat .
i reload . "
< user > < user > idk why people cheat cause if they truely madly and deeply love thier partners there wo nt be another bitch
< user > eat my gay ass
misuse of the word " hero "
no more of this madness i shall take refugee in a bottle
why is it these asian people are so stupid to overload their trucks and just invite tragedy ffs , dumb cunts you are .
exactly , it seems that he was like many government managers ...... not much attention to costs , budgets , and results
< number > what the only place in the world where people speak aramaic the language that jesus spoke it a city called maaloula and is in syria ig was destroyed by moderate rebels who raped murdered christians assad liberated it is helping rebuilding the churches
i 'm familiar with board appointments .
heavily ingrained old boys club .
there are statistics , look them up .
ruga suspension : burn down nigeria or remain cowards -- biafran youths tell fulani youths url url
fuck people who act racist as a joke .
i do n't give a shit if you think its edgy and cool .
in a country where the president himself is openly racist you should fucking know better .
yes but it wo n't be the middle - aged white guys in middle america .
it will likely be the young white , brown , or asian guy with a robotics college degree who tends to the mechanical arms that do n't talk back , take lunch breaks , call in sick , or need   a month 's vacation time .
trump is just going to accelerate the move to ai and automation with his idiocy .
wow , you do n't sound asian on the phone !
hey , he shared an office with a single smoker for one whole summer years and years ago and it never affected his health , so that 's proof it does n't cause anyone any harm lol
< user > can i share your tweet with the uyghur muslim brothers in china or with brothers from the ahmeddiya community
how about you jack me off while i tear a bite out of those asscheeks of yours .. ?
that edgy enough for you boy ?
i hate the idea people wanting to miss with things that not there well just keep adding more security to my home .. 😂
all songs by haley kiyoko and she 's really good , robyn is also a good artist , and ' i kissed a girl and i like it ' is probably the most well known one .
christine and the queens is pansexual and did a duet with charlie xcx who is part of gay culture ( do n't know their sexuality ) teagan and sara are also gay but i do n't know how good their music is , sia is bi ( i think ) and although none of her songs are directly about being gay , her music is really good
i accidentally wore two of my birth control patches at once , just realized it .
i wondered why my emotions have been so fucked up
what a horrible false dilemma argument .
so because they are n't literally in our home , we have to let them go all over taking jobs and services that they are n't entitled to which negatively impact americans every day ?
if you care to be honest and look at crime rates on a per capita basis , you 'll see that whites and asians commit the fewest .
you do understand percentages , right ?
that 's basic pre - algebra math ...
rt realdonaldtrump great to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border the dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked if stalemate continues republicans should go to < number > nuclear option and vote on real long term budget no c.r .
yes and yes .
i come from an extremely divisive background- gender , religion , politics , race , sex .
the fight for equality is real and personal .
as one who would be paying an income tax so you can collect your pfd - at that point the pfd is welfare   - get a job
in my mind it 's not even close to being obselete , i believe it is a symbol of the white race and it 's fight to save itself in this sick and twisted multicult world we live in .
this is fucking groundbreaking for representation today .
the only quip i have is that it 's kinda implying that non - binary people are women too ?
like the point of they - series pronouns is to not be identified as male or female .
but also that 's a really difficult line , if you grew up being gendered as a woman then you still had to put up with the struggles of being a woman in society
did you read this article :   http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/education-not-income-predicted-who-would-vote-for-trump/ ?
it suggests a different analysis of trump voters .
i agree with you about all of the white catholics ( 60 % ) and white evangelicals ( 80 % ) who voted for trump .
the nuns to whom you refer do fit into this category .
they absolutely ought to be held accountable .
it pains me that those religious who favor women priests are refusing to come out and take a position publicly .
i believe that if they would all stand together , there would be nothing to lose -- especially now .
any word ending in " phobia " denotes fear .
i , for one , truly fear the " religion of peace " , islam , spreading like wildfire in our world .
anti - semitism is not a " fear of jews " , it is a prejudice against jews .
he is a loser . *
is of chink descent * lives with his fucking mammy * looks and dresses like a retarded 12 rear old boy * actually believes that working on some gay - ass app that no one uses and working for a tech company filled with fucking retards , affirmative - action hires , and autistic losers is somehow respectable * obviously has way low test and a small cock because this fucking loser , f he 's as rich as he says he is , ca n't even keep a basic bitch hanako * takes to the internet to fucking whine about it .
need i continue ?
fuck the fuck off you pathetiic chink faggot .
why is everybody in japan skinny ?
we all know what happened last time they had a fat man ...
i like to think i 'm woke but this is one thing i never understood .
like sure be open and proud of what you are , but why does that only apply to minorities .
better yet , why is it that when a majority tries to show pride in what they are its somehow pushing down on the minorities .
do nt get me wrong , a lot of minorities have it really tough to this day .
and they should nt have to feel wrong for what they are .
i have absolutely no problem with a gay pride parade , but still do nt understand what 's so wrong about straight pride ?
i 'm familiar with board appointments .
heavily ingrained old boys club .
there are statistics , look them up .
notice it wasn t racist until it involved the white guys that makes < number > of the victims white even cnn now knows there is racism against whites
between the look on the interviewers face and these damn memes , i 'm so sick & # 128514 ;
' i have no doubt that many settlers will pan this report because it seems to threaten one of their enduring privileges ' 

 yeah   john , you tell all those chinese and muslims you hate to get the hell out of canada .
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide !
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
i hope drouin has found his home with the habs .
this is really for internal consumption in the dprk .
oddjob 's idea of bread and circuses .
without the bread .
this is totally an experience a lot of white kids can relate to .
i once had a friend who wished she was indian - loved the food , dance , culture , everything !
then she went to china and wished she was chinese !
nigeria christians need to face reality .
the want a working nigeria just by snoring and praying for miracles .
my people but jesus was radical when he was on earth .
@cnn @realffk @franknwa1 @mazinnamdikanu @saharareporters @amaka_ekwo @nkirukanistoran @igbokwezuonu @ipobhannover
the mother 's a real piece of work to be sure , but an assumption on your part(as to what transpired between the two of them ) , i 'll take what the authorities are working off of as opposed to your conjecture .
admitting guilt hardly makes him into a " stand up guy " , it just helps confirm he 's guilty of the charge against him .
a real stand up guy would n't have let this happen to begin with .
definition of " stand up " : " marked by a high - degree of personal integrity or loyalty " 
 http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/stand%e2%80%93up 

 you really do n't know what your talking about , and i have no reason to continue with you on this .
crawl out of your cave and get a little sun , might do you a world of good ... or not .
< user > < user > of course this assumes that you are not prejudiced against immigrants or muslims
# stopwadhwa2015 because he follows a pathetically low amount of female engineers .
but he 's cool with female reporters .
bad bitch contest you in first place & # 128175 ; http://t.co/c1cpzmzeqr
i do n't agree mr. trump is a racist , but racism also exists in all people of all races , black race included .
muhammad ali , lyndon johnson , many were racists , elderidge cleaver loved talking about raping white women , ali racial inter - marriage , johnson was a racist .
heck the nation of islam had george lincoln rockwell sitting proudly up front with his pals , all in full nazi regalia surround by hundreds of blacks who they had things in common with !
it 's in all races , and today even our universities like harvard , where asians are discriminated against .
but either way as i said before , your past issuance of personal insults to myself and others , leave little to be constructive , and i decline further discussion with you respectfully q hall , amber collins , dale gross , or whatever moniker you 've adopted to use today respectfully .
have a wonderful evening .
my fat fucking wife just told me that my ribbed condom .
< repeat > .
< repeat > oesn't taste like ribs at all .
i watched a tv documentary   about ship freight last week called " freightened " .
apparently ships use absolutely filthy fuel that out matches the emissions from cars but has not caught the attention of global emission standard limits .
the flags of convenience used by most of these ships allow them to avoid domestic laws such as labor standards and maintenance schedules and the location of the beneficial owners is often impossible in the case of disasters such as sinking or spills so joe taxpayer pays to clean up .
many shipping companies are located in tax havens so avoid tax as well .
time for governments to get together and clean up this industry .many of the ships , especially those carrying oil / bunker oil are in terrible shape and threaten the environment .
when i was younger i used to want to be a cop however , since then , society has changed and it 's no longer acceptable to shoot gays and minorities in public .
the four women are trying to tear down the borders to favor their own genetic group right ?
is n't that racist of them ?
you think interest rates are going to remain flat for 25 years ?
lol !
there is too much male domination and crudity out here
i do n't believe i have ever seen tridentinus say he disavowed vatican ii .
many people take issue with the spin , interpretation , and application of the documents by those who feel they are progressive heirs to the documents , believing that they and they alone are capable of understanding and defining " the progression of theology / praxis " - all others are " intrinsically wrong" ... despite what the council actually said .
shirtless putin hold up one hand and says calm down with a bear cub in the other ...
haha you keep saying bye yet you yearn for more seems pretty shitskin tier sad tea biscuit
damn , i 'm sorry to hear that .
must be hard still trying to figure out your sexuality when you 're married .
i wish you the best in finding a new partner .
i think pregnancy testing kits are brilliant .
< repeat > i wish more of the important questions in the world could be answered just by pissing on them .
this waffin ss ghetto punk would have been worse
which is precisely why i am mystified with the hangup with our colonial history .
much political noise about the big , bad white colonialists ( with good reason ) while under our eyes africa is being actively colonized by china .
i was in namibia last year .
there are now more chinese in namibia than whites according to a local in opuwa .
plus , the convict labour they import on construction contracts never go home .
they stay .
and yes , china does what 's good for china .
like everyone else .
i wish i had superpowers 
 would make me cope much beter having powers like flash or spider - man .
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves .
omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so .
then lock this worthless piece of shit up .
we do need to stop judging each other and get o line for an hour and go do something ` ` positive '' in our area .
lets talk solution not petty diferences .
there not asians they are pakis and arabs
it is caribou which have the hollow hairs ... or so i have been led to believe ..
basically this .
us brits will use anything as an insult ... honestly i 've heard people say " petal " , " flower " and the most recent random as fuck one of " little dancer " .
that last one was new to me and it did n't really make me feel offended haha .
gimps to me are basically complete fucking idiots , though to clarify i do n't mean this about those who have the fetish .
i was talking to this fat kid on the internet ... then i realized it was satcho 



 -ashton
just go ahead and submit , sissy .
you 're going to love being addicted to white cock !
hi someone please find them and have them deported to the bottom of the ocean thank u
wipe ur ass u dirty mongoloid
@money route what u whtte rat not scared ?
lol u typical deluded drug addict gay wedding product puxxy , 5foot 6 ?
lol that s u fccking whte rats , chinese average is 179 cm , the one of tallest in entire world , that s why yao ming is tallest nba players , while u merican rats especially whte rats are all born dwarfs , and u maericans are most useless pxxys everybody in world beat shat out of u in war , even somalian pirates with no guns , and come to china , face to face , i can beat sht out of u with my one hand
i hope you get deported from earth
a theological truth can not be subjected to a scientific test .
science is completely restricted to the physical .
this is very true also the reason asians get the asian fever after drinking
japan died when those two nukes were dropped on them .
modern japan is nothing more than a glorified us aircraft carrier where the men are cartoon obsessed virgins and the women are bucktooth whores ready and willing to throw their entire race and country under the bus for foreign dick .
🥴
" reality is kinda boring .
and i 'm a person with garbage taste . "
you and me both , emily .
you and me both .
actually yes there were irish slaves in america mostly women and girls who were allowed to work in the manors as opposed to the fields they were also forced to have sex with the negro slaves this is why many african americans today have irish or english scottish blood in them
last msm person standing please shut off the lights .
only time " just be yourself " is the correct answer 
 how can i turn women off ?
i wish i ca nt get on twitter anymore they banned me for fighting with a muslim who threatened me potus he needs to end twitter
and how do you use your gun to protect yourself when someone driving on a road you are on suddenly blow himself up next to you ?
it could happen anywhere and you wo n't know when and where until it is too late .
or you could drive or walk along looking around constantly with fear wondering if that guy is wearing a suicide vest or that car is carrying a bomb .
i wish i could be in that room as they take turns pumping her full of their superior seed .
and i could just see them laughing at me as i spill my pitiful cum to watching the future of my race .
< user > < user > we have a certain talent that women like
the"f " in meme stands for " funny "
yep : god ( or the flying spaghetti monster ) created tekeshpuk lake for oil production .
ask anyone .
why do you think all these various muslim groups from the middle east india and asscrackistan come here and insist their children become lawyers doctors politicians to better america and raise us up are you truly that stupid they are using our own system to subsume us wakeupamerica
somewhere in gorilla position , vince is now cussing up a blue storm because shane just chucked the commentators ' scripts . #
wrestlemania # wwe
looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
my heart breaks for your brother and every other lgbtq raised in this cult .
love is love ✊ 🏳 ️‍ 🌈
this was a total bullshit rule housing is segregated by income more than anything this rule would force wealthy neighborhoods to allow section < number > housing be built in high end communities under the guise of diversity and equality bringing the ghetto to you
often , words become ' offensive ' only * after * some assholes * choose * to be offended by them .
e url url url reminding , cautioning , and warning to the muslims and the disbelievers who are turning away from the caller to the greatest bliss that is greater than the world and the hereafter url
" asians are lumped in with non natives where natives are concerned . "
gee , curt sommer , where did you forget your white sheets when you wrote that racist statement .
stereotyping is the key element of all racism .
what do you call the extra skin around a vagina ?
a woman .
my girlfriend keeps trying to give me a blowjob while she ’s on the treadmill it ’s like the worst running gag of all time
the federal bureau of : matters " has been basically corrupted   during the 8 yrs of the lawless obozo regime and   that includes holder & lynch .
of course the fbm used " info " from the dossier as a basis for obtaining warrants .
where are the honorable agts coming forward ? ? ?
crickets & sheeple !
niantic mobile game with my computer making an adderall instead of little cousin made me this thing specific and spite me :
no they are both not white so they ca n't be racist
pretty weak , sirencall .
who said anything about " poor white male victim(s ) " ?
the offenses were against natives , southeast asians and homosexuals .
and the points about douglas are not a right wing ( gasp ! )
slur .
they are fact .
richler is simply repeating well - worn , safe offenses without addressing other , challenging ones -- something his father would never have been afraid of .
just made an account today , tried to have a discussion on male sexuality , and i 'm banned from srs ...
people say suicide is n't the answer that 's when life is too much i kill others .
i been sick ass dog since lastnight dat 4 loko had me hurt
and then there 's asiacourt , the once beautiful , safe , white , area of scarborough ... ( and the last i checked ) was a garbage infested chinease outpost .
actually , that 's inaccurate .
every statistic i 've seen on the matter would suggest that ontario has among the lowest number of public servants as a percentage of the overall population .
can you provide some numbers comparing ontario 's public service to other provinces ?
i 'm not contesting that the public service costs too much , mind you .
i 'm simply questioning the claim that ontario is doing particularly worse than anybody else .
jade helm bla bla bla .
and your guy is the bigger liar .... so enjoy your new america .
better learn russian and chinese .
i said ignore not mute i am following you retard
if every muslim was to work and learn english instead of faking back pain for dole put britain first the problems would be drastically smaller coming from a british muslim britainfirst britfam
need to evac all the smart whitey 's first then drop a couple nukes
< user > i love it when he said “ well she ’ white so definitely not my type ” 😂 😂
roadside eateries ' hygiene : 1.no gloves 2 .
hardly wash hands after handling money , wiping sweat , clearing nose / ears .
peeing etc # nagpur
i can ’ t stand a ghetto ass bitch
watchers of the wires beyond the firewalls .
like angels over berlin .
one can see another from afar .
dig ?
i 've been told by brown people , asian people , black people , white people and indigenous people to shut the ef up .
i never took it as racist .
this broad should do the same .
" after the march , everybody went home .
madam & amp ; baas got ready to go to a braai with fellow " " struggle heroes " " , our mothers , started cleanin "
yta .
the worst part of this is gall at being offended by his " unprofessional " behavior .
i 'm gon na shit all over this person and then be surprised that it upset them .
🤣 🤣 🤣 fucking classic sociopathic reaction .
it 's only business until someone reacts negatively to me then it 's personal and they were the ones in the wrong .
you a garbage sub - human .
ruga suspension : burn down nigeria or remain cowards -- biafran youths tell fulani youths url url
new gab category within a month of markle and her extended ghetto family moving in
i noticed that brad trost ’s wife gerelt , who is from mongolia , wrote a letter to the globe , protesting her husband being called a racist by knox .
he obviously does n’t have anything against asians .
bill clinton was the only president of the us whose penis was described in court proceedings while he was in office ,   possibly the only leader of any country .
really hard to fathom why knox would have wanted to give this vicious , sexual predator and his rebarbative slut - shaming wife a third term in the white house .
thank god she and her accomplices did n’t succeed .
jim jenkins , for a party that supported slavery , segregation , lynching , jim crow , and the current jew - hating , anti - semitic , anti - asian left - wing black left .... you sure have a big mouth .
will you meet with the congressional black caucus ryan asked trump responded i would you want to set up the meeting are they friends of yours black activists complain that trump assumes nigger ryan knows nigger caucus members he did not assume he asked if they were her friends
brits still calling mudslimes asians
muslims ?
check .
jews ?
check .
blacks ?
check , check , check .
hispanics ?
check .
wonder what he has in store for asians ?
then , polynesians ?
if famous black millionaire athletes can not love this country that pretty decisive proof that blacks will never peaceably coexist w whites
hey vapeshops if you carry the jewel go ahead and throw it in the dumpster and stop supporting the company that supports vaping bans
arrowheads .
> > >
let 's not get too emotional about this .
airframes can be overhauled and avionics replaced .
some nato member planes ( poland , for example ) are over 50 years old , and other nato members have no ( zero ) planes .
nato does n't do anything of consequence anyway , so we could actually make do with a barge - load of recycled twin otters .
damn i was hoping it was the wasserman schultz dnc arwan paki clan
showing strength after 8yrs of weakness will get the attention of the world .
peace through strength !
when you get married your surname will be asian .
that 's fucked up .
hot dogs or grilled chicken with brown rice and broccoli
< user > ban internet is a human right violation wow rape of women loss of house and motherland that kashmiri hindus faced due to islamist jehadis is not a human right violation clap for tg
why are all the minorities good at running ?
the slow ones end up in jail
rt @rickygervais : humans are genetically closer to chimps than chimps are to gorillas .
but we are all apes .
have a great day you clever twe&#8230 ;
do not worry they are exterminating the blacks and asians too
search " white people " on twitter today if you 're unclear about the level of vitriolic hate people have for you and your culture 

 it reminds me that this is n't going to work out and they have to go
yeah , because we those guys had a hand in genocide .
which people did they annihilate ?
how can you tell when an asian moved into the neighborhood ?
all the dogs stop barking .
< user > < user > < user > that right < number > call them deplorables they will be shamed into not voting failure < number > call them racists they will be shamed into not voting failure < number > call them white supremacists and say trump is going to be impeached gee i wonder what will happen
only those who already had high iqs would have been able to move to winter lands not that the winter made them intelligent really retarded logic from those who spread the theory john is talking about
if you look at the auto industry contribution to gdp or to exports you will better understand why support was provided .
neither nortel nor sears would come close .
that said , i have great sympathy for former employees of all three companies who saw their severances , pensions and other benefits erased or slashed .
governments must legislate to place employee needs ahead of lenders when companies go bankrupt .
better yet , governments need to legislate bonds to fully fund employee benefits .
the tide is turning with every immigrant and refugee who comes here .muslims , asians , chinese , africans   will soon enough be the majority .
they have no sense of responsibility to be in perpetual guilt to natives who , when given every advantage humanly possible to better themselves , voluntarily live in squalor   and   actually evade practical education .
natives will be begging for white man to protect them .
in cages that obama built .
the difference between hetero and homo couples part i
yes .
i support this feminist sme .
url
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves .
omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so .
then lock this worthless piece of shit up .
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
turn ally pally into a gay commune imo
oh no the vietnamese
what does society and a banana have in common 


 the less brown , the better
well good move china -- stealing usa equipment in international waters   off the philippines no less .
the icj has ruled the chinese claim is horseshit .
perhaps the chinese navy should fly the jolly roger as any good pirate force should .
pirates get hung you know .
trump was right keep it you thieves and be prepared .
texans pay him an annual salary of < number > he advocates black violence against whites meet professor tommy curry of texas a m gig em aggies
perhaps this example better exemplifies the dominant journalistic ideology .
in any event it is hilarious .
trump quotes now available on demand 
 
 you can now get donald trump 's best and worst quotes on demand via facebook messenger , thanks to a new presidential candidate bot known as bff trump .
the bot greets users with the following message : “ hi .
this is me , bff trump !
i have opinions on everything from walls to women . ”
it then proceeds to spit out quotes from the republican candidate , ranging from his views on black youth to crying babies .
users can view the source of each quote by clicking the “ really ? ! ”
option .
bff trump was created by the advertising agency ss+k and bot platform dexter to try to educate politically - disengaged millennials on what trump has said in the past on women , immigration and other topics .
the agency says it felt compelled to take action given how much is at stake in this year ’s election .
thank you for writing this , charles , and jenny , thank you for sharing your story .
you have helped and inspired many people by publishing this .
sometimes i just wanna tell people to fuck off ! ! ! !
doj department of jews
< user > i love it when he said “ well she ’ white so definitely not my type ” 😂 😂
@ceo_sandeep @adi_vashisthaa @zaidzamanhamid you indians remain our slave for 1000 years and now you are slaves of jewish ppl ... you ppl have no ethics no moral values neither in normal life neither in battle field .. by killing unarmed innocent civilians you stupid people think you can capture pakistan .. shamelesa nation
united has redefined " chinese take out " .
there is too much male domination and crudity out here
really hate when people come around me in a bad ass mood .
like remove yourself .
this from the poster who called obama " president buckwheat " and thought it fun to post dialogue of him speaking in ebonics .
deport all indians back to india and make them pay for the trip .
safe spaces and trigger warning no longer allowed at chicago university ( cross post from r / foodforthought )
the strike # antimarch should be violent and dangerous .
south african government only understand violence much better than normal language
quoting ignazio silone is not a personality
if only there were countless regulations to prevent such an atrocity !
oh , that and do n't forget the signs .... must have signage .
@yowatshiinaesq statue of a girl of peace 以下の文。"brutal colonial policies " , " into sexual slavery"等の言葉が並ぶ 。
平和の少女像は慰安婦に関する国の歴史を扱っている。第2次大戦中に、日本はアジア全域で残虐な植民地政策を戦争遂行の一環として行っていた 。
just purge them from your country .
sandman 123 only anti - semitic and bigoted statements from " the squad " i guess
freak hoe will forever snap
you niggers made shirts already ? ? ?
url
i must admit have never considered using the words carney and astute in the same sentence .
i think the man is greatly over rated and normally just spouts the same old , same old .
i think he is now simply saying whet he thinks people want to hear laying the ground work for a foray into politics .
or it could be theresa may has just brought him to heel .
> real men that you did n't want to mess with bockwinkle and race look like the types of old men you 'd see slumped over some shitty bar before noon on a tuesday .
.@sir5000 just entered california .
the mountains are a shit show .
three asians walk into a bar how ?
they could n't see it
< user > lol jesus wasn ’ t a refugee him mary and joseph just went to a different part of the roman empire
fucking aguero .
what we could do with one like him .
i hate going outside 
 everywhere i go i get looks mogged , it is fucking sickening , i am superior to all of them , yet they were given a better face by nature , there is no greater injustice .
hitler was a joke , too , he knew better .
karl marx ?
typical shylocked nose , jew - bag .
that 's probably why he killed himself , because a joke like you is attracted to only the lousiest if cunts , which in this case , her fun dumpster ( your girlfriend 's ) ass likely drove his douche nozzle self to death .
hahaha .
nothing more comical than a hilariously pathetic , * kike . *
:-d
particularly frustrating because u know a big reason is to prevent homeless people from sleeping and resting which is fucked up ! ! ! ! !
it 's some of the japanese / chinese who love to steal , kill , and destroy other people lives but they protect there own families and friends .
there just like pimps and sex traffickers instead they wo n't pimp and sex traffic there own girls .
the japanese / chinese are the angel of light and he / she disguises him / herself as the servant of righteousness .
they are everywhere in the govt .
jobs and private jobs .
either you join them or face a lifetime of persecution .
britain sent its trash & riffraff to india , south africa & australia .
china floods tibet with han chinese .
india will now send cowbelt rapists & criminals to destroy what 's left of kashmir .
prepare for bajrang dal goons to force kashmiri muslims to say jai shri ram or get lynched
so we all just house niggas huh
all of whom are women of colour .
the colour of shit talking shit acting shit .
i am with trump bye bye
a muslim 's biggest fear : [ removed ]
fuck every single one of you racist pos in the replies lmfao , take your ass to trump 's states and you 'll know exactly how they feel .
its easy to talk cock and make fun when you 're amidst your own , but the moment u step out of this country , ya'll will crumble
becasue pakis and russians work cheaper and are indentured servants due to h1b status rules so they must do as you say or they are deported
do n't watch then faggot
why ca nt you pick up beer cans off the side of the road ?
its illigal to touch indian property
garbage dumpster fire mumble rapping shit stain in the underwear of life waste of space faggot crap !
@tariq_khan551 @rekharammali @tarekfatah @icc @msdhoni @bcci do u have any proof that whom u call ur father is ur actual father ... have u ever seen ur mom fucked by the man whom u call ur father .. if u do nt have such evidence .. so it would be better for u to shut u mouth ..
what would harry potter 's name be if he was german ?
harryan potter
sensual fuck till a cumshot on her hairy pussy url
with the prayer of equal human rights and dignity around the world happy # eidulfitr   # eidmubarak # eid
< user > do they all look different or just any ol pebble are you easily offended
# hataonmc   # saynotonmcbill   @who @drharshvardhan
yo mama what ’s your best yo ma ma joke ?
putting aside the fact that she 's a kelantanese , i think there 's a more acceptable way for you to vent out your anger .
beating up a person while recording it and posting it on social media just to humiliate the man is so uncivilised .
< user > its derogatory like if a white person called every blacc female shaniqua just cause they blacc 🤷 🏽 ‍ ♂ ️
i was realistic in the first post on this thread ( page1 ) , now this , this is the sexy part of our country .
see what a woman can do to stupid " bestfriends ? "
smh , and then she was n't even interested .
desperate men i tell you ... and i 'm a man
i wonder why this has been introduced i would n't trust anything that is being taught in our schools - nothing in our schools is for the betterment of our white children and anything that has been newly introduced ( especially in the times we are living in now ) i would be highly sceptical .
you niggers made shirts already ? ? ?
url
in pictures : 

 http://iranpoliticsclub.net/cartoons/obama-carter/images/obama%20&%20carter%20worst%20president%20cartoon.jpg
@corybooker i do n't point this out to attack black people , i point it out because the democrats are ignoring the problems in their own cities .
you have blacks killing each other in record numbers , and the elected local officials are completely ignoring it .
living , so how many people have you killed based on your devine perception , your infallibly perceived threat ?
you say that in the heat of the moment that it is worth taking a life because you say so ?
and that you are justified in standing your ground , always ?
and that is why you kill people , because you say so ?
because your scared ?
or you are going to show what a bad a # # you are with a gun ?
because it is a ' good ' kill ?
justified because you are scared ?
... perceived threat ?
you perceived a threat so you will shoot because you are right and you are scared because it is a threat so you are standing your ground ?
anyway , you will show them , now wo n't you .
this just makes it infinitely worse with more taxes on top of the gouging , and of course , we are paying tax on tax with the hst on all of this .
god bless her , and may she get strength to win more medals for india
it 's no coincidence that they all seem to have similar storylines going at the same time , they do it to reinforce the subliminal messages .
ford : built with tools , not with chopsticks
hot girl lives chat with boobs show .
let 's play with her right here url url porn # memes # like # sex # meme # sexy # love # follow # funny # gay # fortnite # hot # dankmemes # funnymemes # dank # minecraft # ass # tiktok # lol # anime # cancer # edgy url
what is the definition of revenge ?
a baby with a dog in its mouth .
i 'm still getting a kick out of the 160 + comments on an article that is titled " church militant 's nonsense not authentically catholic" .... as if the article , comments , and publication itself is .
* smh *
based on all the comments criticizing trudeau ( and rightly so ) , who the heck voted for him to get a majority ?
95 % of the comments are against the deficit - but he has a free ticket to spend like daddy because most of toronto and quebec + maritimes voting for the fool .
and they are have not provinces to boot !
dear god get these hideously ugly brown and black people out of here
< user > < user > ex muslims encourage islamophobes to do so
did you offa to say which dyke it was btw british history offa dyke < happy >
come on satin pluck these idiot 's from america trump2020
< user > yes but only for < number > year old white boys with their political ideologies in their bio
fag dennis grahl from berlin needs a hard mouthfuck url
... and you know they will .
this also nicely plays into newt 's game plan ... while wife number 3 is living it up in rome , newt can be scouring   foggy bottom and georgetown for   # 4 .
there will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .
a close up from last night # panties # thighs # femboy # femboi # dildo # anal # thighhigh # socks # stockings # gay # bi # crossdresser # crossdressing # twink url
was expecting the aussie players let see if they are projects
i like my lakes like i like my white men .
superior .
i agree with this comment completely .
thank you .
but do n't follow me follow me , and i will break your heart .
naah .
pot was mad ahead of pof bro @tegaever
it been nearly three weeks since a man described as a somali immigrant attacked evenson while she was walking home from work in uptown minneapolis slashing and stabbing her relentlessly while trying to drag her off of a public street
that 's what some of the local japanese families do all the time .
it 's called play .
most japanese think killing is play .
and you a nightshade kike sand nigger
uplay launcher crashes repeatedly .
keep helfrich for another 10 years at least - he is from the state , he loves the university and is committed to his players .
what 's more important , winning football games or having a hc who is interested in the development of his players as stand - up citizens ?
so this is the kind of shit that people call whites who date asians eh sigh
had dna white as a snow the way you write i see hominids smarts
a quick , powerful story i will never , ever forget about # tonimorrison : in college i befriended a fellow student i 'll call james .
james was black but had been adopted by a white family and raised in an all white community .
i was one of his 1st black friends .
at 20 .
if you look at the auto industry contribution to gdp or to exports you will better understand why support was provided .
neither nortel nor sears would come close .
that said , i have great sympathy for former employees of all three companies who saw their severances , pensions and other benefits erased or slashed .
governments must legislate to place employee needs ahead of lenders when companies go bankrupt .
better yet , governments need to legislate bonds to fully fund employee benefits .
< user > i really really fucking hate you
me trying to figure out what soccer stans are saying is not working i am a lesbian i ca nt understand none of it
being a straight white male is probably the most hated thing you can be in the 2010s , wonder what 'll happen in the 2020s ... 😳 😳 

 # antifeminist # 2010 # whitemale # white # male # followme
i 'm all for equality .
so fuck black people .
and fuck hispanic people .
and fuck muslims too .
and asians .
and indians .
and jews for that matter , fuck them .
and fuck this fat fuck in particular .
fucking infidels .
allah will take care of them
i think george romero started the whole black hero in horror movies genre .
i already explained that a lot of asian women specifically exclude asian men .
of course i would be open to dating asian women , but a lot of them only date white guys , and there are also fewer of them in terms of volume . [ ... ]
and trust me , you do n't have to remind me that everyone shits and bleeds all the same .
why would a asian guy nickname his private part ' mandingo ' ?
man !
where my ding go ?
< repeat > ( * with accent )
the people need to rid ourselves of the billionaire class , plain and simple .
we are all just so incredibly stupid to think we should let this happen .... and not because he is chinese ... i mean all billionaires .
destroy all religion , then it will change .
so if someone is making death threats , you think that is the job of an administrator ?
so let me guess , if someone make a bomb threat , you think that is the job of the administrator to handle that too ?
the moment a threat or physical violence happens , it is the job and responsibility to call hpd .
putting a tro , issuing no trespasses on adults , and calling hpd is the responsible thing to do .
as for " no public high school in the state of hawaii seems to be dealing with ? "
i recall families waiting after football practice at kahuku when they first hired reggie torres since he set higher academic standards .
i recall last year when the boys basketball team boycotted playing for coach akina at kahuku .
parents went to school and made a lot of trouble .
and a mother even went onto the news to complain .
there 's problems everywhere .
last year so many parents complained during midseason at punahou , the girls head coach resigned halfway through the season .
it 's everywhere .
religious people are stupid .
" " " and the same days that i 'm happy is the same days that i 'm mad cause i ca n't go 24 hours without shit happening to my ass , get high " " & lt;3 "
gerson overlooks the main reason ( in my opinion ) trump is suddenly soft on china .
recently the chinese government granted trump 38 or so trademarks .
now the chinese are no longer currency manipulators .
it also means that trump has accepted emoluments which are unconstitutional .
so trump is both inept and openly corrupt .
i & lt;3 @nayadrikj because she has cuddled @randi_ebooks and lived to tell the tale .
" go text your hoes " url
this is so sad once proud white nations being polluted and corrupted by the onslaught of sand niggers and other non whites
@powerz z suck a bag full of white dicks
i have heard alot of positive things / stereotypes about polish women towards indian men in poland .
i will be planning to travel to poland some day soon .
might give moldova a shot but it would be better if i could get a background info about the country i appreciate your advice
oh hey , same !
yeah it 's hardly a welcoming environment for queerness , but you got this .
rich , you think 50,000 rats is an extremely low number ?
okay .
orkin has named chicago the rattiest city in america for three of the past four years , so if orkin 's numbers are low for chicago , their numbers are probably low for every other city .
nevertheless , chicago is still the rattiest city according to orkin .
and if you do n't believe the humane society of the u.s. 's estimate for feral cats ( 1 for every 10 residents ) because you think they are tired of euthanizing pets , how about two researchers who have been studying feral cats for decades and are sympathetic to tnr programs who find it reasonable to estimate a community 's feral cat population at 1 cat for every two households , or nearly twice as many as the hsus estimate .
like i say , these are just estimates , but i used the most conservative ones i could find and your estimate hinges on a wrong turn in a single chicago neighborhood a number of years ago .
wow .
you really showed how ignorant you are .
so the native americans were n't thrown from their homeland right ?
you really are the chimpanzee the writer was talking about .
yall believe that y all possess all the knowledge of the world in your stupid western education .
yall claim we have no knowledge but who navigated to the islands without compasses ?
who were here since 800 a.d .
at the latest and somehow the race is still here .
barely here due to the contact of capt cook who brought diseases that we did n't understand how to treat but the main point is .... yall say we were here since 300 - 800 a.d .
but our knowledge is dumb right ?
cause only western knowledge matters right ?
the comment above is the perfect reason why we want all europeans and asians out .
hawaiians need to get back to the dirt and grow our infrastructure of our nation without any oversight of european and asian countries .
a couple of " wish we were niggas " wanna a be pussies .
weak as fuck !
love u jeanie mai ! !
i like how u spoke on asian cultures need to talk about their problem .
so do black families too .
femme girl here dating a black butch and she is by far the sexiest girl i have ever dated .
well he was wearing a hoodie ... at night ... in a gated community .
is trump the only elected republican official who does n't believe that russia meddled in the 2016 elections ?
' boulder does n't currently know what they do , or who they are '   i think i have a clue for boulder .
they are jobless , they are mostly drunks and drug addicts , and they do n't want a job , rehabilitation , just handouts , and i 'm sure boulder , as denver has , will give in to their demands .
it 's all nonsense , wrapped up in liberal emotional hand wringing .
midsommar contains raw feminine energy and heeeavy relationship dynamics .
it 's also divisive .
mine the replies here for lots of published reviews / analyses from femme and non - binary perspectives .
url
inheritance and estate taxes are designed to give some of your collection back to the place that gave it to you .
sorry , there are very few wealthy people that are so awesome a person that they collected millions of dollars all on their own wit and genetic superiority .
they usually have help ; and a lot of it .
while lords and nobles with perpetual inheritance and wealth worked great for some people in feudal england for a time in history , it does n't really work so well in modern times .
if people keep clutching at their coin like depraved leprechauns , and they fight like death to return none of it even upon death , then no one else outside of their fortuitous bloodline will ever have a chance .
when there is no hope because one class owns everything , then nothing improves .
so the " loyalty " issue that comey reports in his memo was reported by 2 sources on may 11th , a day before the president 's tweet about tapes on may 12th .
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/11/us/politics/trump-comey-firing.html 
 www.cnn.com/2017/05/11/politics/trump-comey-loyalty/index.html 
 the " loyalty pledge " conversation does not appear , at least in a google search , anywhere prior to may 11th .
both nyt and cnn cite anonymous sources telling them about the loyalty pledge on may 11 .
so comey 's impetus for leaking the memo was not a response to the president 's tweet on may 12th .
he 's lying about that .
it does n't * matter * that one side wants to systemically oppress people of color , lgbtqa people , and women .
it just does n't guys .
why ca n't we all just get along ?
how do you blind a chinese man it ’s simple all you need is some floss
' 
 … the audience stayed the same .
.
she needs sectioned , severe mental illness right there .
bwahahaaa .
this solderholm clown is claiming all electric cars batteries but the ones in the one he 's selling are inherently dangerous .
what a joke .
and he 's ripping off people selling a car that should be in the $ 35k range for nearly $ 60k .
braddah should be ashamed of himself .
i have absolutely nothing against chinese made cars but this clown is trying to discount all other manufacturers with bogus claims .
let 's hope he goes out of business stat .
frank :   you need to re - read your own letter .
you reference that the anti - semitism   we 've been seeing may , as trump suggests , be " false flag " actions .
that sure reads like a denial of the anti - semitism to me .
do you think that the lynchings over the years were possibly done by blacks to make whites look bad ?
i 'm a big fan of occam 's razor ......... the logical suspicion would be that anti - semitic actions are the work of anti - semites .... and , yes , those lynchings were the work of white bigots .
new followers uhm hi look if you hate liberals lgbt muslim people jewish people millennials or whatever then kindly fuck off i suppose i ca nt make you but you are gon na want to unfollow anyway after i start posting if not then yo have a nice day i guess
joe smith .
you finally figured out us " lefties . "
your smarter then you seem to be .
i always go out cruising for drunks to pick up every election .
you must of seen me .
darn you .
seriously though , where in the state or national constitution does it make it illegal for an alcoholic to vote ?
and not just the homeless ones , but the " functioning " alcoholics who have a job and a home ?
and i actually know people in the military who claim alaska as their home .
like the people in the military who actually were born here .
let me guess , your voting for trump ?
just because you metabolize something well , does n't mean that your husband does .
some people have allergies and others do not . [ ... ]
lactose intolerance can lead to all kinds of nasty stomach problems .
i did a quick little count of " conservative " and " progressive posts " .
so far the count is 56 conservative , 44 progressive .
that does n't really square with 90 % liberal commenters .
terciduk all blacks lain macam england ni
lol you 're a fucking typical racist incel .
a bunch of ignorant , poor , uneducated backward living fucks cavemen .
so hateful of everything in the world , such a sad life .
you people need help .
< user > the ccp turned china into chinazi ccp_is_terrorist
which filth do u mean the niggers jews spics chinks street shitting dotheads rag head camel fuckers gooks flips kikes slants or fags u can not swing a dead niglet these days without hitting some filth 😡
i mean i get that race exists but the qualifications are weird like we have caucasians that do not live in europe yet according to white supremacists here in the usa they are not classified as white
i guess there 's going to be some miraculous event within the next 11 years that will make everyone mixed race .
agree , $ $ $ $ $ hungry now ...........
my obsession with my appearance magnifies and multiplies with each passing hour .
trump is right .. all immigrants who arrived after 1492 should go home ! !
< user > < user > etnic supremacism the nazis did not think they we are wrong blood and nation
crazy rich asians is the shit
and you 're a f * * * * * * moron the reason america has more so - called killings is because we help every other f * * * * * * piece of s * * * lowlife country in this world every time they have a little squabble some f * * * * * * country is asking the us for something just to have ungrateful motherfukers to say we 're terrorists when you see on tv a sick and dying child it 's an american giving him food or medicine you f * * * * * * piece of s * * * moron
just me this is america we have enough to handle right now i love these people demanding things in america islam demands jews demand no americans will end islam they know it is coming wow
< number > intensity by anyone wearing black and gold right now fans included
loy is a creep and a threat .
and a teacher ?
does not compute .
how immature can someone be ?
an adult male throws a big stink eye at a student ?
because she busted what sounds like a friend of his .
and then he stomps the cat to death in a alcohol black out .
like i 'd want this guy around anyone in my family - how has he not had his license pulled for good .
he 's shown terribly bad judgment at all phases of this .
i wish i had been the girl , or wish i was with the girl .
she needed to confront him , as loud as possible with all his misdeeds .
i hate niggas with big feet
you sound like a 7 th centurie ad muslim from egypt shut up cryingman
in the private sector , if you purchase goods or services from a business with " union " employees and the goods are crap and the service sucks , chances are , you wo n't deal with them again , and you 'll find a company you can do business with that provide a quality product and/or service .
that 's not so in the public sector .
unions have a lock on public employees , and the public is stuck with poor service and goods .
there should be no public unions .
want to work in a union shop ?
go into the private sector !
one reason unions are on the decline is the more unions engage in politics , usually contrary to the views of many of their members , those union members see no reason to have their union " dues " going to political candidates and parties they disagree with .
the " seniority " system is another bugaboo .
the most productive employees are usually ( in my experience ) are the " rookies " , the first to be laid off when the rest get raises !
they 're not " safe " and know it .
hey , muslim dickhead ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don;t you go and shove allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are many times when it refers to violence .
so go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up .
yey , one less feeble minded prick ion the world .
that man finna die
breast cancer mercy vs trans rights mercy
careful what you wish for , you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like , squeal & cry that ai n't gon na stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he 'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you url
mr. witt called the students pawns , too .
you can see where that got him .
if your profession , dedication and livelihood were threatened by a new group of leaders who exhibited the same disregard for the profession as wnw , then you would be outraged as well .
if it affected your children and their education as many parents in jeffco did you would take the actions necessary .
saw a documentary a couple of years ago on the part still destroyed by the flood everyone complaining about injustice and racism of someone not rebuilding their ghetto in a non gentrifying way of course which was run down before the flood they expect handouts
the whole of western civilisation is our stuff a chinaman in a suit is a pretender a mestizo playing lawyer is a fabrication of a whitie situation they can not but dress up as white civilisation we are that thing that is all what they attempt matters not
yeah , i guess the one time you 're not prepared for it will be the time it goes down .
the point is if everyone is getting equal opportunity ?
canada is a lot better at providing equal schooling ot the rich and poor ( this has been shown in the recent article called " education superpower " which was about canadian school systems ) .
in the us , ghetto schools do a terrible job in encouraging students to go to university .
i visited the high ranked columbia university in new york , and found very few black students there .
despite the fact that a significant percentage of new york 's population was black .
he does not care if america goes brown and shitskins are anti free speech show me one shitskin country with free speech shaprio is a fast talking jew tool
if only there were countless regulations to prevent such an atrocity !
oh , that and do n't forget the signs .... must have signage .
the scorning gook of r a c i a l a w a r e n e
glad you brought that up .
the us has a population that is 51 percent female , and 0 percent female presidents .
some of the countries that have had female leaders include pakistan , bangladesh , turkey , indonesia ( all muslim countries ) .
other countries include india , sri lanka , thailand , taiwan , south korea ( asian countries ) .
another group is brazil , argentina , chile , guyana ( south american countries ) .
so it would be fair to say that americans are more sexist than muslim , asian and latin countries !
i love my fellow non - racist , non sexist americans .
which i 'm happy to say is the majority .
more global warming horse crap .
we all know , because dumb dumb donald told us , this is all something made up by the chinese .
heck !
at this very moment there are chinese submarines herding the fish south . (
what 's more , hillary is running pedsphile rings on the submarines . )
duke kahanamoku played parts that hollywood mandated .
it is not likely he was given any option about the people he played .
look at hollywood in the 1920s to the 1950s and african - americans were casted as native hawaiians .
no one in their right mind would want to return to those days .
back to days segregation , white only public facilities , outrigger canoe club banning olympians like keo nakama , the pacific club barring asian membership , and so on .
even the great world wide web produces so much historically inaccurate crap , that any idiot having a computer can put their own personal spin on history .
just look at the daily kos article on the niihau incident and you want to throw up .
if the producers of this movie ever do a movie on the alamo , look out for mexicans to lose in their version .
trump please send all non whites back .
keep america great .
larissa putting a good word out there on brazilian men who know how to appreciate women . ;)
i like chinese buffets but i hate all the chinks
hignfy shoe horned corbyn bashing in with made up breaking news 😏
we were talking about how china controls its citizens ( your words ) .
so you consider chinese citizens to be criminals .
as a kid i really thought america was hollywood amp celebrities when in reality it ’ just bulletproof backpacks and legalized nazi behaviour
i would love literally fuck her !
an ironic comment considering they are the only major country currently with an unelected government .
niggas do n't hate y all man , they just do n't like you as a person . & #
128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
amazing how white south africans still manage to look corporate in their swimming costumes
she is gay
argyl 

 i am not trying to play the devil 's advocate here .
i am just impressed with the level of propaganda that westerners fool themselves with .
this probably has to do with the eurocentric education system in the west ( most westerners ca n't name a single ancient chinese or indian scientist , musician , emperor , etc ) .
what do you really know about sectarian conflicts in india ?
does it stem from the assumption that the east is more barbaric and uncivilized ?
hinduism and buddhism have a far better record on religious tolerance than christianity .
if in doubt , ask the jews who lived in india , china , thailand or the west , to see where anti - semitism was rampant ( in the inquisition , every single jew in spain was killed , converted , or expelled ; even the nazis did n't achieve that level of " success " ) .
and the reason is that the asian religions are inclusive .
there is no concept of the indefel , heathen , etc .
everyone 's religion is accepted and tolerated .
asians drivers - no survivors !
stupid asian bitch you 're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
if a russian hack occurred on the us electoral system , release evidence of the hack .
who , what did they do , how harmful was it hack ?
< user > soo like is she a nazi
lost all respect for mf pakistan .
☺ ️
cause why beg when it niggas out here begging me
it 's official , just got disowned by my dad
it may be a good idea to lift voting age to something like 35 , in order to get rid of naive kids and dopeheads .
also how fucked up was the curry nigger in the < number > < number > briefing that did not even know trump name said only president then awkward silence and still got to ask a question indians should not be allowed at the press briefings either the lighter skinned indian woman was annoying too
@stevemartintogo careful , they might try to queer ya !
in europe black men rape women , muslims beat their wives and syrians are said to screw goats .
and you are an awful person .
in the name of god .
i said if it 's a person .
but yeah , let 's assume it is for the purpose of this discussion : i absolutely get to kill a person for that . [ ... ]
what gives a fetus special rights ?
a black man , hispanic , and indian man walk into a bar .
the bartender says ... get out
you ( well , not * you * probably ) also elected a president who is a massive homophobe .
sorry for brazil , crazy how one of the worlds largest gay pride parades and this much homophobia / transphobia can fit into one country .
as if it only okay when you are a cute gay boy or a handsome one or a pretty girl or a hot ass dyke or you are a fishy queen
i have had way too much experience with diversity hires most have made < number > to < number > times what i do have had comical english served no purpose other than to take a job from an american i am talking chinese women here not blacks
stupid cuck tarantino deserves to be shot honestly for his effort in trying to emasculate asian males .
fugly ass wigger bitch .
there was a cuck from nantucket , whose wife 's boyfriend 's
i do .
indonesia is an up and coming country and the largest economy in southeast asia .
also home to over 17,000 islands and diverse culture and tradition .
feel free to stay away though , no need to pollute it with arrogant snobs like yourself .
fag dennis grahl from berlin needs a hard mouthfuck url
every half - breed cop in america is trying to rape white women .
my love for # shemales shaa ... who else love 'em # shemale ? #
shemaleıstanbul # shemalemalaysia url
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
i 'm sure all the airlines have a dress code for employee's , family and friends traveling on the employee 's pass for free .
do n't blame the airlines since the employee should be aware of the code and should make it clear to family and friends using his / her pass .
if the employee or anyone who is using the pass complains they should suspend the employees use of   the pass .
this waffin ss ghetto punk would have been worse
@__dejaa _ stupid bitch , like how bout yu go sit in them jails like they did ... go through everything they all went through .
for nothing !
the satellites already exist for many purposes .
have you ever heard of google earth that can zoom in on you residence or anywhere else .
please @cw_spn tell me @markrpellegrino is going to be on tonight 's episode .
this # spn drought has killed me . #
supernatural
i liked the article 's final sentence .
there 's a tendency among certain women to consider women 's rights exclusive to women and among men to consider some human rights exclusive to men .
that 's the stage we 're at for the moment .
eventually both men and women will accept the obvious that rights are human rights and gender is irrelevant where rights are concerned .
that ideal might have come closer to realization under obama , but , given trump 's attitude to gender , is likely to suffer a set back .
women did the right thing to protest against that possibility and i hope they continue as a united front of protesters when other important issues like climate change , free trade and health care are threatened by regressive policies .
i have zero f to give to someone who had it all but still could not get out of the ghetto mentally
i just get frustrated with this thread , seeing that the only correct answer is at the bottom while a bunch of incorrect ones gets upvoted .
sexuality is n't something you change , if you have bi - tendencies you 've always had them but porn might have made you discover them .
sexuality is a spectrum , you can still be mostly straight with a preference for the opposite gender , but have a small in comparison preference for the same gender .
sexuality is n't something anyone should be ashamed , it is n't something you can force change on , and spreading those misconceptions about it is dangerous
this is not a new phenomenon .
when will these people learn ... if you sext somebody and you are a natural target anyway ie : teacher ,   it 's gon na come out .
those few bad apple teachers ... "educators " -   grow up , be a role model and leave the phone fun alone .
the kids need you to be a " teacher " , not a " buddy " - whch is a mild way to put it .
trying to navigate the 2016 sexual mores for a young teen ager - being told one thing and seeing another - being sent questionable pics from a person in authority .
creepy and confusing .
god - i 'm glad i 'm not a teen today .....
i finally had the energy to go to target today !
but realized when i got back to my car that i forgot kleenex & amp ; was too tired to go back in.&#128530 ;
ching chong bing bong i am chinese who order fried rice lo mein sun tzu
imagine if american women were culturally expected / forced by law to wear american flags covering their faces to protect them from rape and protect their family 's honor .
< user > there ’ really a time and a place for everything this is just ghetto 🤢
i do nt hate muslims or black people are you out of your mind i do hate pakis though but that okay because they are not humans
these bitches is wild
i support aborting shitskin babies and not white babies
it 's interesting that it 's pc to call people latino / hispanic ( as opposed to just mexican ) but not too call people black , and risk misidentifying them as african american
yo why some old white guy start coming at me at the gas station cause my music is ghetto 😭 nigga said this is not the ghetto go somewhere else guy stfu once i said he looked broke tho
you wrote all that in one sentence , you got ta be the dumbest american .
these intellectual ladies would love to educate you , your children and your grandchildren .
but your vile , hate filled faith is blinding you from the truth .
" love one another , as i have loved you . "
john 15:12 
 when is the last time you considered that quote before you spoke ?
it would be fun to watch some of matt lauer ’s old interviews knowing what we know now .
assuming the plate pictured is not the one in question since it has a 2010 sticker on it .. now living in california where we have to pay annually and a whole bunch more than license plates in oregon - snitching might be doing him / her a big favor if they are still paying california plate fees .
as snl huckabee said " it 's more black versus white . "
you want to know the secret to microwaving a turkey ?
ask a japanese person they learned how to back in august of 1945 , been a trade secret since .
weed guys the most emotional niggas ever
i do n't think so .
the toppest secret is if chinese are provoked into taking military actions , american would find they will have no leverage at all .
trump has to been briefed to understand that .
american are fed too much useless propagandas on it .
" officers will be required to use their own observation to determine a person ’s race .... " 
 wonderful !
if you are not obviously white , black , or asian you 'll automatically be labeled mexican .
but , then again springfield police automatically assume anyone with brown skin is only capable of speaking spanish .
this just in : ' the clash ' song " london calling " has now been officially deemed hate - speech by contributors to this board .
it 's not " buy what america makes " .
it should be " make what america buys " .
the goal is cheaper products , and that 's what america ca n't do .
too much union demands for higher wages and benefits for lesser quality labor .
america ca n't produce enough intelligent qualified labor force .
our kids are so stupendously stupid .
ca n't calculate the final sales price because they do n't know what get is .
do n't even know how to use a calculator .
rescue comes from the intelligent koreans , japanese , indians , and chinese who want to immigrate .
they are smarter because they are hungry for success .
even the mexicans are valuable as farm workers .
otherwise our vegetables rot on the vines .
why do n't we just give them all workers visas so they can come in legally .
we american are too spoiled and lazy .
this will hasten the downfall of the american empire .
just like the greeks , romans , chinese , and all the famous empires of history .
looks like you 're trying to obfuscate the issue .
any investor ( even foreign ) meeting the requirements and following the proper procedures can apply and receive approval for a domestic bank in canada .
that is not the issue here .
the issue here is foreign shareholders of domestic bank , with dubious backgrounds , schmoozing with the pm in private at home for $ 1500 a head .
what is the real intent of such meeting ?
what was discussed ?
do you have pictures or records of joe oliver or stephen harper dining with mr ou yang in a private home for $ 1500 a head ?
i 'm sure the globe would be very interested if you did .
do n't try to confuse the issues .
@angryblacklady i wo n't shut up .
i stand for women .
transwomen can stand up for themselves .
trump please send all non whites back .
keep america great .
" obviously , you do n’t understand that every day the project is extended costs the residents of honolulu another $ 30,000-$50,000 . " . -
alex rodriguez 

 do you understand that each linear foot of rail costs $ 94,697 ?
do you understand that hart announced two years ago that operations and maintenance for the first 12 years will be $ 1.7 billion , and that 's with limited operations for the first few years ?
< money > says the kid was a beaner and another < money > says the driver was a beaner too
of course this is the most efficient way to solve the too many east south asians problem
worth a repost .
bill cosby likes puddin ... ... his dick where it 's not wanted .
thank you ! !
comedy how about you upsize your life by getting a job that ll allow you to get a nicer house chantelle spit that donut out and chew on that one for a while retard
he just read that new cte report ...
@njrv2 _ @xisthatnigga dog y' all are the africans that sold us into slavery then decided to flee africa cus y' all pussy .
you worse off then us 😂
< user > < user > fred could nt renew his mind enough god almighty snapped his neck without violence u want do that again
the smart play goes something like this childless high iq non white women are allowed in after genetic disease and health screens if they marry and bear multiple children to a white within a short timeframe they stay otherwise they leave no chain migration whatsoever only women so no ghettos etc
they hated jesus because he told them the truth .
" kill chad " is this a holocaust denier class for incels ?
poor china .
for a country that claims its powerful , they sure do whine about everything . "
its not fair " lol just pathetic , since ancient times .
ahha , its a pompous , self - aggrandizing , dismissive piece of fiction .
" " " i 'll have a coke " " is pepsi okay ? " "
honestly ... i'm not sure what they were thinking " " so you wanna sierra mist or ... "
you know if a poor muslim refugee replaced you it would actually be an improvement over you
khawar qureshi is n't even pakistani .
he was born and brought up in england .
< user > < user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong criminals keep having audible chatter in < number > < number > wellington circle singapore ho ching is having suicidal tendencies
why must you point out that she is a " japanese of the past ? "
your comments are hypocritical , ignorant , and full of hate .
i suggest therapy .
.... but where you have left the tracks is with your conspiracy theory that with his nato defensive upgrade , obama intentionally plotted and launched " a cynical , dangerous , flat out insane , gambit to destabilize the trump government ; " and " it was , also , treason . "
you say this was carried out by " democrat " ( sic ) party operatives .
actually , it was the fbi , in part , under republican appointee james comey , who did as much as anyone to kill the election prospects of hillary clinton with lies , half - truths , and innuendo , whose agents taped phone conversations of russian spies and caught flynn and others in their net .
donald trump is and has always been , a completely amoral , sociopathic business and sexual predator , without an ounce of sympathy for those he has screwed over .
at this time , it 's obvious that includes the citizens of the united states , including the fools who voted for him and still defend him , while claiming treason by those who find and report his crimes and misdemeanors .
chuck schumer b > you know my name comes from the word shomer guardian watcher my ancestors were guardians of the ghetto wall in chortkov b
a lot of faggots out tonight fuck it like a shitskin pride march
north korea is unsustainable as a country without china 's help .
little kim can bluster and pretend he 's in charge , but if the chinese stopped trading with him , the regime would collapse and china prefers to have a trained pitbull on its doorstep than a massive refugee crisis .
burn the borders to the ground
james t. hodgkinson from belleville , illinois - sanders volunteer during 2016 election campaign
god is not the creator ?
or the redeemer ?
use of sex - specific words to refer to god is both right and wrong .
god is both male and female or neither male nor female -- either is correct .
waited all fucking day to see you & amp ; now you in a bad mood .
fucking stupid .
i 'd impale that cock in my mouth and throat and suck the hell out of if .
until you grabbed my head to fuck my mouth hard and blast a load down my throat .
👄 💦 🍆
if these states meet the targets , which i hope they do , i foresee trump bragging about how the us as a " whole " reduced emissions , all while not being part of the paris treaty .
yeah , o.k .
then what ?
europe and america will be the only two places on the face of the planet that have _ any _ k8nf of population ?
and then all the places that all those people fleed from , will just soon die out of existence because there is no people to rule over ?
no one to keep those economies going because the people have fled and those countries wo n't be getting aid money because they wo n't need it and the u.s. does n't aid the enemy and does n't aid when there ate no civilians _ to _ aid .
so , yeah, ... even in theory , your plan does n't sound right .
this coming from a country that regularly gang rapes goats .
haha rapistan , living up to its name
sorry , for all who have lost a loved one .
i been sick ass dog since lastnight dat 4 loko had me hurt
i 'm glad he 's staying focused on the most pressing concerns of ordinary americans !
like trump said go back to ur own country please ! ! ! ! !
i hope the niglets keep going down on their knees its the only realistic depiction of blacks on fake news tv any chance of getting t shirts made that say < user > boycott nfl tebow rule ca nt pray owners are pleased with their blacks down on their knees
why evolution is true on the top left .
but do n't read charles darwin .
people on twitter are retarded lol that squad is never getting a result against that bayern team but yes it ’ lampard ’ fault
what kind of ironic about this is that a lot of deep ghetto blacks have asiatic eyes anyone else notice the same thing
trump is treating these people just like the japanese put into prison camps during ww ii .
pathetic !
why did santa spend so much time in china last night he was picking up all the toys
< user > agree with ananya baby every hindu muslim sikh isai should travel in economy class sonam kapoor
she 's the kind of crazy you 'd want to chop your dick off
some girls going around exposing ppl aib beh kene sikit nk ching chong lebih haha
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
< user > < user > have you ever thoight about who have left thier home forcefully whom daughters raped and people killed ans no you are sick
it not my fault hollywood queer coded villains and i now find them super attractive ok and not my fault i already found him interesting in dude form and am now gaga over the lady version not my fault step on me muzan
india zindabad indians are smelly hairy beasts
algeria won the africa cup last week , and these algerians in france found a special way of celebrating , harassing 2 french women then relieving them of phones etc .
url
walker knows very well the only economic value in the scheme accrues to himself .
that 's why he runs the scheme , donald .
it 's what republicans do .
the chinese will take a look at the two rubes , trump and walker , and immediately commence to   chuckle to themselves over how easily they will be manipulated to serve their interests .
i 'm sure you 've heard the term ' useful idiot ' .
diversity is our greatest weakness
the girl converted from asian to black .
pretty cool
my written bitten words is like ice cuz shit went through my body like twice tested and vested by arms and fingers vice i do not let my tongue run like a chink on hard rice
i want and believe in self determination for my people said the black man 

 i want and believe in self determination for my people said the brown man 

 i want and believe in self determination for my people said the white racist 

 # whitegenocide
i tried but i do n't really understand the point of this comment .
shan and obtaining those infants by cutting them out of pregnant mothers .
then laughing while tossing them back and forth .
they looked at non - japanese as sub - humans .
i wish i ca nt get on twitter anymore they banned me for fighting with a muslim who threatened me potus he needs to end twitter
got a news flash for trump , klan and others ; black community and brown community fastest growing in north america .
deal with it !
how many of those minority groups does black lives matter vent against ?
few if any .
how many of those south asians or chinese people are the ones confronting and shooting black people ?
zero .
it 's also highly ignorant to assume that they are newcomers , because many are not .
saying that racism is not necessarily coming from whites adds little to this discussion , because the vast majority of past and current racism against them has come from whites nonetheless .
i 'd focus on the aspect of forced integration and that the whites acted in response to that , first .
southerners do n't call anything by their real name .
they do n't even call slaves the same thing !
they 're ' nannies . '
i do believe we can declare miraculous things .
when i went to israel the first time in 2015 an older pastor stepped out in faith and declared a rainbow anointing over our small prayer group at the end of a prayer session in capernaum !
i actually was surprised and skeptical ...
why did the chinese dog die ?
because its owners were hungry .
my favourite chat up line : ' i 've done some horrible , unspeakable things while drunk , and i 'd like to add you to that list . '
reasons to not emulate asians < number >
this is infuriating , similar to sen. lesil mcguire 's trip to germany during last year 's special session .
it is beyond ridiculous !
hb44 to put some teeth into the legislature 's ethics rules is stalled in the senate until next january .
let us all push to see it passed & demand ethical action by all our legislators .
what we have now is arrogant , adolescent behavior - certainly not action that benefits the citizens of alaska .
what would you call a chinese guy with a big penis ?
so long
okay so who pays for the guy 's truck ? ?
< percent > cotton thigh highs to avoid contact with any gay chemicals
` ` thedark romance of dian fossey '' ( 1990 ) by harold tp hayes under the mentorship of noted anthropologist louis leakey , dian fosse spent 16 years in africa researching the last remaining mountain gorillas .
i used airbnb on several different occasions around the world and i loved it !
loved it because i got more for less , more choices , bigger apartments for less money .
no wonder the hotel lobby hates is , as it gives customers more choices and takes away their fat profits , so here they come using their ' paid columnists ' to go after the little guys ( same applies to uber ) 
 sure , there have to be regulations etc .
but as an owner of the property i should be able to do whatever i feel , as long as i pay taxes ...
stumptown is a shit show the writers are retarded the story is boring it is a total waste of its fantastic cast
" " " yoga has a sly , clever way of short circuiting the mental patterns that cause anxiety " " baxter bell "
i want a hug from a black man that smells good and has big arms .. and even squeezes my back fat .
andrew scheer is an ideologue .
like all ideologues , many say he suffers from double - think .
demographics would like to differ and tv ratings .
majority of blacks , chinese , jews and flippinos prefer basketball .
these groups combined together represent a powerful force in demographics and   finance .
what 's the most common symptom of germaphobia ?
mild racism
@saithabdullah99 its your fault that you expected humanity from indians .
perhaps denver could start by getting the illegal aliens off the road .
premier kathy only cares about toronto , primarily the votes she gets from her zombie electorate in the greater gta ... have n't you figured that out yet ?
( cough , cough , billion dollar gas plant scandals , cough , cough ) .
we at @ibm believe it is important to celebrate diversity and accept people for who they are , which is why we are in support of gender affirmation benefits . #
lgbtq # diversity url
flagged !
uncivil !
i will flag any post that causes some sappy song - a song which i would otherwise never hear or think of - to play over and over and over in my head .
🎼 trying to foget my ..... 🎼 
 make it stop ! !
i signed up for pandora in a ghetto city and all my ads are aids prevention pills and gun crime psas 😂 🤡
i bet overtly was invented by jews 🖕 😡 🖕
actually i agree with certain gatekeeping merely because in the dating world when someone says they are polyamorous i think it should be understood as something more personal and connected than " can fuck many people honestly at the same time " it is frustrating to think someone means they are poly and then it turns out they 're just nm .
as my gpaw always said .
i ai n't racist .
sexist .
or homophobic .
you 're all assholes .
especially you bitch .
i hate clingy ass people .
do n't text me 100 times , do n't be all over me , just no .
i knew that many people would disagree with this post , however if you disagree , do as alg1 did and at least try to convince me that i 'm wrong .
" to ensure that the experience of 2016 never happens again " 

 -twitter 

 told you .
the pipe dream is more than obscene , it is a bottomless pit , a black hole financially from which we will not be able to withdraw - the further down the hole the process goes , the more bleak is our outlook .
do not build another pipeline to unnecessary tear up the country .
the gas is already at tide water in the arctic .
when the market is right , bigoil will build the plants , provide the tankers & transport the lng to asian markets .
wait for the market to rise , then - 
 only after revising the oil / gas tax structure to assure that alaska gets maximum fair share , then sell the gas & collect the royalties with absolutely minimum risk .
common sense , along with reasonable caution should be the mode of the administration .
an adversarial posture with bigoil is the only relationship the state should have .
forget this " partnering " baloney , as it is smoke & mirrors .
end secrecy , get the auditing up to date , put teeth into the legislative ethics rules & in all ways , get back to good government .
" trump 's news " is perfect for his low melanin , low - iq , low - retention sheep .
take a look around , white knight .
this behaviour still is n't getting your dick wet .
you might as well give it up .
i have to shower .
and go to bed .
what did i do with my life today after classes ?
absolutely nothing but chill on twitter .
tough son of a bitch too bad he is a traitor
a progressive , feminist member of the lying msm will , naturally , never miss a chance for a racist attack on white men .
according to statista , between 1982 and 2017 , out of 91 mass shootings the racial breakdown of shooters were as follows : 

 whites : 51 

 blacks : 15 

 latino : 7 

 asian : 7 

 american indian : 3 

 multi - race : 5 

 unknown : 3 

 white shooters were about proportional to their presence in the population .
blacks , american indians , and asians had more shooters than one might expect given their respective populations .
none of these statistics are happy ones .
what is also clear is that progressive feminists like petri are always quick to pounce on a tragedy to advance their political agenda ;   they never let facts hinder their lying progressive , feminist agenda .
i have long loved tchaikovsky ballets and mussorgsky operas and now i enjoy russian traditional music as well .
@realdonaldtrump trump bans transgenders and then acts like he 's celebrating them 🙄
warning !
< allcaps > < repeat > on this site a lot of people who want to find a sexy adventure [ removed ]
" in 3rd grade in science , the teacher told us " " breathing out is called exhaling " " and this one fucking kid bursts out " " but that 's a bad word " " "
you have printed a story claiming a man is a jew with no proof whatsoever but the word of a leftist gook gawker hack and his leftist mother who was threatened and gaslighted this is some real pulitzer shit here bro
also your asian are you chinese by any chance here is mao and his kike rat puppet handlers you should be disgusted with the vermin too who are responsible for the deaths of millions of asians
please respond to the idea that the bible throughout is patriarchal rather than matriarchal .
sure , i 'd still love her / him .
but i 'd not be * in love * with her / him , because she 's now a dude , and i 'm straight .
to expect them to stay with you as though nothings changed and suddenly be okay with you doing them up the ass with a strap on or whatever is insane .
actually , i hope more people start doing this " would you still love me if i changed sex " thing , because it would allow a lot of people to see if they 're actually married to an idiot .
what does the world get if japan gets nuked a 3rd time ?
loli sexbots .
canada should make a clean breast of things and apologize for all of the worlds ills , past , present and future and have it over and done with .
my mom does n't accept me being bi , we 're on decent terms but we just never talk about it
how do the chinese name their kids drop a pan down the stairs and write down the noise it makes
unconfirmed backstory white girl refers to black girl as nigger on facebook black girl responds to prove her wrong
nah !
they voted for bernie and hillary in oregon .
he had a bunch of coal miners on the stage with him yesterday .
west virginia voted for him .
local media reported that imams from all of the area mosques issued joint a statement condemning any and all violence perpetrated in the name of the prophet .
sorry , that 's fake news .
nice ass to spanking sodomize
ca n't nobody ever say they seen me fucked up out here
< user > tell me you are actually going to make the nazi pug shirt
that 's simply not the case .
most americans are not conservative -- they are center and a bit to the right .
on some issues they swing left .
most americans do not want the numbers of homeless people to grow for a lack of services , for instance .
the division is growing larger between those on the ends , not so much in the middle .
the middle moves back and forth and were -- obviously -- quite split in the middle this time .
in case you had n't heard , the popular vote and the electoral vote split again .
there are about 35 - 40 % of the republicans who are actually quite extreme , some of them dangerously so .
they are mostly racist , sexist , and homophobic .
there are some democrats calling those who voted for trump " extremists " but that does not mean the majority of democrats are .
people jumping from 15 people on this blog saying things like that to " democrats " are being hyperbolic at best .
this is not some representative sample .
in 1996 i had five burgers ( one of which came out of a vending machine ) in three days .
that was fun for my body ...
iran and china are big gangsters .
should strike them off the map
another person who thinks constituents are your " party " .
that 's why the republican party is a political machine it is .
an example of which is our newly minted ambassador brownback !
being paid 170 k to do nothing !
< user > you got ta watch ‘ return to paradise ’ with joakin phoenix that shit will have you never doing illegal shit in other countries
i would suggest reading about the desert mothers lives before converting and see just how little of human nature has changed .
the church is 1.2 billion adherents that are free to leave at any time , the faith of the church , its rituals its structure is all mandated from heaven , given by christ .
we do n't own anything , everything is given to us even our lives .
the church therefor can not be a pick and choose religion , it is all or nothing .
it is christ 's church and if god wants our worship to change he will reveal it to us .
i ca n't help but reiterate my question , let us say you join a chess club , it has always been a chess club , how futile would it be to change the game of chess into a game of tennis ?
would it not be easier to start a new club ?
or say you are invited to a wedding , but do n't like the seating or the music , how rude and would it be to change these things ?
christ calls us to the church to take part in it , not own it .
did you know i argued with a nazi for a good long who argued that hot idf female soldiers are actually ukrainian models he provided absolutely no proof when pressured even reveled in the fact that he was full of shit
how much improved has the hood and north korea 's society become in the last 50 years ?
not much .
everything literally stayed the same .
should i fuck you with your burkha on or first rip it off
< user > < user > < user > and islam 7 th century outdated ideology created by arabs has no place in 2 1 st century
nope prisoner means that you belive in wp and try to dress as much like one but can not due to parents or your job .
and y' all niggas swimmin in the ocean ?
url
where i grew up it was a word you called someone if they were being whimpy like going home early when out with the guys .
there was no implication of homosexuality involved , just a lack of masculinity .
nice story .
and you 're right about the unifying thing .
believing in god , country , duty and the golden rule is under threat .
i was born to an iowan army officer in berlin just before the wall went up .
my wife was born a year later in okinawa to a filipino naval officer .
met in san diego at 24 .
married a year later .
do filipina women count as asian by this indian ?
oh , i now have an adult successful mixed race son and 10 nieces and nephews all mixed asian and white .
they are all beautiful and i could n't be more proud of them .
i just do n't get the hate .
today i just realize it 's been a year since the inauguration of the presidency of the united states of america president trump and to celebrate this let 's play some lee greenwood
cause women are easy to manipulate n think they 'll find love if they do what a nigga says
< user > they got ta think bout the niggers 😂 i d be giving out smoke like a newport vendor
simple solution enforces laws not jared wyand you have had < number > years to solve it under black jesus and it got worse all black economic data is down under his presidency so maybe stfu < user > gun violence is a public health crisis martial law will not fix violence in chicago
teeth are like people all want to be white , most are yellow and the black ones do n't work
girls that have a pussy and are alive .
< user > nigger is still jesus christ for all this niggers
got no problem with taking a goat .
making it an internet sensation is sophomoric at best .
turning it into a news story is juvenile .
looks like a nanny to me .
and a kid at that ...
nigger women asian women gipsy women arab women they all wanna be white they all imitate us
certainly a white ethnostate would permit no blacks asians hispanics or arabs
breaking : colorado becomes the 18th state to protect lgbtq youth from conversion therapy !
signed by @jaredpolis today at the state capital ✅ # bornperfect
what is the darkest joke of them all ?
r / n8thegr8
a very racist government 
 4 sikhs in the cabinet 
 but no chinese ?
buddhist ?
japanese ?
filipino ?
no longer fake fucking with you hoes
looking for a white only female for friendship or more .must have strong moral background and a sound beleif in the white race.lets talk .
not long ago giving children dreadful made up trashy misspelled firstnames was strictly a black thing e g antwoine shaquonda monikwa ta queesha daetrell ad nauseam now stupid white women are into it too i am seeing white kids given comical names like alecksus kaylleigh kaitlun
< user > i m a < number > year single straiaght white christian man i m enemy < number >
i call you that because that 's what you are .
you 're chinese .
you 're oriental .
it 's what you are .
abortion is satanic .
man , if we had a total ban on slavery then people would still be trafficked .
no sense in doing that either .
< user > white people stole the land so you ’ re an immigrant
you 're not a woman , you 're a cow .
you absolutely need to be milked , and you can milk my cock with your filthy pussy at the same time .
i 'll bite your neck to mark you as mine , and fill your cunt with cum over and over .
you 'll stay chained up in my basement , ready any time i want to breed .
scenes of joy as decriminalization of homosexuality made official in botswana # repeal164 url
sometimes i question myself by the people around me .
they cause me to change how i am , no wonder i 'm so fucked up .
c : # bot
nick name : may begay i m single girls looking for dating relationship .
< user > nigger is still jesus christ for all this niggers
< user > < user > what else is new fabricating racial tensions blacks are very good at lying about white racial attacks only hurts those truly attacked
i listen to the same songs everyday i love ariana and blackpink 😩 can they and selena release new albums please
< user > < user > angry ching chong
( while reading a magazine ) me : : i did n't know that ( asian american actor ) is from ( city near my hometown ) .
white friend : : oh , i always thought he was from china or something .
me : : ... he has a strong american accent .
friend : : oh , well , he looks like he's ... asian .
made me , an asian american , upset that people will always be judged by the way they look and not how they act .
even though i was born and raised in new york , since my skin is brown , will people always assume that i 'm some foreigner ?
what i meant though was being up front and unapologetically racist white people are better than blacks the case with asians is different asians are better at math than whites whites excell in engineering and farming niggers ai nt even bronze age
bunch of fucking anchor babies
hahaha , keep thinking that or are you being sarcastic ?
i like my white skin we discovered america and built it including most inventions sorry niggers beaners and chinks
adn is nothing more than a mouth piece for the socialist - liberal - leftist - george soros - big government - spend our way to prosperity at someone else expense agenda .
i was thinking about how small asians eyes are and it got me thinking , was pearl harbor an accident ?
dark jokes are like vaccines children do n’t get them .
@vibehi the media has radicalized people to the point of insanity .
a guy lit himself on fire last week .
these are the radicalized people people cnn was happy to turn loose on a black american day laborer for making a silly meme .
this is exactly what they want .
why adopt a child if you 're going to mistreat and mentally abuse them .
that 's the answer to the question , to mistreat them and mentally abuse them for the rest of there lives .
the devil and his angels are the angels of light who masquerades as the servant of righteousness .
the japanese , okinawans , chinese , filipinos , blacks , and caucasians are the worst offenders who masquerades as the servant of righteousness .
the purpose of the devil is to continously lie , cheat , steal , kill , destroy , deceive , and to inflict pain .
of course they say that .
they would be hunted if they said that men should get paid as much as women - so they just say they should get paid more
so what has the gasping old party learned since its ' autopsy ' of 2012 ( and 2008 ) - they continue to alienate women , blacks , latinos , asians and other minorities , millennials , lgbts , non - saber rattlers , people who care for our planet .
no republican can win the presidency with a constituency of old , angry , bible thumping white folks .
the votes simply are not there in today 's tumble of real world diversity   - one they refuse to acknowledge and embrace .
as for lisa , she is increasingly speaking to alaskans with a forked tongue while appeasing the gop and her campaign contributors .
disappointing .
what do you call a vietnamese guy that wants to be black ?
vinegar .
what 's meant is that they are not dangerous criminals .
overstaying your visa hurts literally no one .
there are not even enough illegal immigrants to impact the economy or job market ( not that illegal immigrants can easily get decent jobs anyways ) .
what 's another term for leaving your dog in a parked car ?
a chinese pressure cooker
i have to admit , that particular line by @lukemckinney is eerily similar to my standard way of telling idiots to fuck off .
< user > < user > piss off nazi
@ssingapuri but you shall ensure to keep retrieving them from their obscurity .
why should indian even really bother what the paki lowlifes comment .. we help them maintain their celebrity status .. these creatures need to be completely completely ignored ..
but gendered language like mansplaining is ok .
because only men can be guilty .
@l1ltr4p fucking losers wetbacks # sorrynotsorry
" chaput 's mindset reflects christianity 's hatred of humanity as being flawed from the start ... " 

 nuance needed .
it reflects one stain of christian thinking , which focused on humanity 's sinfulness .
there is another strain , which stresses the fact of humanity 's redemption in christ ( as witnessed , for example by gaudium et spes ) .
when moslem women can walk in front
and this columnist did n't ask them either ...
it ’ a crime to put illegal aliens before americans and i ’ m f ’ kng sick of it
lol 

 hell no .
it 's the only language he understands .
bluster man is far too kind , imho .
# lestweforget rapist @georgetakei wails about wwii internment , not 1 thank you 4 wwi vets today
you 're asexual because no woman would drop her standards so low .
fuck off you loser .
bob karman .... did you miss the part   that trash collectors are not coming to work , abusing leave and overtime ?
did you also miss the part that the city director asked the council for a garbage pick up fee rather than get savings from properly managing her workforce ?
lastly , did you know that cataluna was trying to write a satire ?
uggg
the three types on indian the pull starts wear a turban 

 the push starts have a dot 

 every one else is a kick start
< user > when referencing mass murders by neo nazis kk white supremacists i humbly request include churches synagogues mosques and gurdwaras < date > oakcreek wi < number > sikh americans also experience more hate crimes since < date > violence
so , a hasty conclusion then .
the hearings have not yet questioned many possible other agency heads .
( i suppose if i point out the simple fact that no evidence has been supplied for russian hacking , that will garner the same seven negative reactions as my simple question did .
how dare i ask the basis of someone 's opinion !
shame , shame on me . )
every positive step that you take is transforming your being , which brings a peace and joy that is indescribable .
you will never go back .
i have a lot of sympathy for gov. bill walker .
i think he is doing a good job , but this problem can not be solved without the help and cooperation of the legislature .
he has fought this battle , pretty much , alone .
i sincerely hope that the new leadership and new blood , in the legislature , will produce positive results .
this picture does not make sense because the women seated are north east asians and the women that work in foot massage places are south east asian generally like vietnamese but i guess that flies over the heads of the people at o magazine to whom all these gooks look alike
if he was on heroin he would be asleep all the time big nigga facts
the idea that ace people are coming into lgbt spaces suggests that ace people are not queer and also reeks of here they come into our spaces rhetoric that would not fly if it were white people talking about black people or men talking about women and rightly it should not
most republicans in congress will be reelected , given that their district boundaries in republican states are drawn by computer programs to precisely divide their supporters in their district from likely opposition voters into diffuse districts where they have no hope of representation .
you know that , motley , and i know you know it .
will you oppose that process of gerrymandering on grounds of support of democratic ideals and the principle of " one man , one vote " ?
i think you would not .
incidentally , those same programs can be made to draw impartial districts with equal populations contained in the smallest boundaries , to eliminate gerrymandering ; or they can be programmed to draw districts that would result in proportional representation for each major interest group .
as long as republicans hold the south with gerrymandering , fair district drawing will not occur .
yeah if i can get time off work for it .
thank you that what i think too we are white spanairds are white hence hispanics are actually white and asians are yellow and africans are black there only < number > races
for fucks sake the negroe men in africa prefer their women to be lighter skinned in brazil likewise in other words only far left wing white people in europe claim to not see color
this ramp at mania has to be about 70 yards , minimum .
goldberg is gon na be blown up before he even gets to brock .
look , federal government , we get it that the europeans were inclined to being jerks to the first peoples .
we know that .
but you know something ?
you 've basically come close to saying that the euro - canadians that the majority of us are should be unwelcome in canada .
we are a multicultural country , and that means white people are just as welcome as black , brown , indigenous or asian individuals .
okay ?
it 's in the past , of course it 's painful , but it 's in the past .
we live in a world with a history dotted by war and invasion .
of course it was crappy what happened , but we need to stop trying to change history .
let 's just not repeat it .
apparently there was a tea stain on the qu ran that blocked some text scientist have discovered what it covered mohammed was a gay prophet as is allah though mohammed went a step farther and was a tranny too
they shifted a wire leader with blood , that from the way across the pink swim - bladder like full - blown roses stained and then
2 words : diva cup
actually i am hoping in the future for a white asian alliance to restore demographic homogeneity in both white and asian communities i think the asians are racist enough to convince of our ideas
your puny pathetic genocidal god does n't exist dumbass
my girl asked me what i thought about babies apparently " depends on how they 're cooked " is not an acceptable answer .
hi , the local npr station here did a series of stories on being black in seattle .
you might check it out : ​ [ url - in - seattle](url - in - seattle )
so , first moment of happiness today : jeans that pretty much did nt fit anymore , now zip up normally .
long way to go but # smallvictories
i was charged twice ( again ! ! ! )
for the same movie rental- ( felon ) & amp ; i only downloaded it 1 time ! & #
128529;&#128545;&#128544;&#128127; ☹ ️&#128557;&#128078;&#127997;&#128078;&#127997;&#128078;&#127997;&#128078;&#127997;@itunes
himanshu purohit go and bend over and let the white man fuck you in the arse you fucking pussy .
the umpire can not be disrespected .
you are a typical inferior complex dipshit
advice .
never ever ! !
leave your dog in your chinese friend 's house .
what do you call a cannibalistic ethiopian ?
dead
i am going to enjoy taking brown immigrants dream of coming to live in white paradise and crushing it
it just flies into the fucking fire place i'md fjkxnfbvjkfd gk
fuck people who act racist as a joke .
i do n't give a shit if you think its edgy and cool .
in a country where the president himself is openly racist you should fucking know better .
whereas said asians think whites are too fussy and sensitive and need to hurry up and buy something or get out
< number > yr ago muslims shot killed whites blacks latinos asians christians jews for the fact they were non muslim americans sanbernardino
we should rename toronto 's jack layton ferry docks .
he too was racist .
he was a white man who used   asian women as sex objects for his sexual appetites .
he was found in a brothel with an asian woman , even though he was married to olivia chow .
it is no different from what white catholic priests did to indigenous people at residential schools .
but the moral standards of the politically correct left , he offends me so he has to go .
jack layton does n't deserve memorials , despite him being sainted by trade unions and the left .
of course they will be outraged   if jack layton 's reputation is sullied in any way , but they have such qualms about inflicting the same indecency on the memories of other perfectly fine people .
happy eid mubarak from the # jitaku team , to all our esteemed muslim clients , friends & family ! #
jitaku   # ekoatlantic   # luxuryservicedapartments   # travelluxe # everydayjoy   # eidmubarak   # happyeid url
literally anything racist or with the nword
interesting observation there ' reader . '
i only on rare occasion use those eateries and i have n't ate at a restaurant in ages .
the creative way to cook and eat healthy for ones self at home you might say has been catching on in american culture for some time now .
i think the business aspect , with and between eateries , is on par with the capital based motivation of just about everything , including the in your face onslaught of all forms of legitimate and outright tacky advertising .
< user > cries in ching chong
god ’s presence empties self and leads to surrender .
you can not be in god ’s presence and maintain a focus on self # goodmonday # victory # peace
1 9 3 0 sgermany geneticjews controlled white germany via violating antitrustlaw 2 1 st century whit eusa controlled by genetic kikes enablers buffett who s white gives billions to filthy kike gates not for profit ; & traito rcongress enem ysupremecourt who refuse to enforce antitrust law
i think mulan should be played by a white blonde woman , the role fits perfectly for a white woman , do n't u all think ?
i do nt like richcels 
 if you have money you should cope with hookers , i would travel to thailand to fuck with hookers but i m fucking poor , i m a poor neet
one reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .
you never try to have any sort of rational conversation with anyone as i often read your commentaries .
white is white , black is black , asian is asian so you speak in ignorance because it is your nature to troll .
i am not the only one to think that people of the slavic background is considered .... "white " .
maybe you have another word for it ? ?
but have it your way , you started this trolling , i did not .
it 's powerful & amp ; enviable how both @sidneydtorresiv & amp ; @realseanconlon handle issues .
clear 2 see why the thrive !
@thedeedcnbc @thedeedchicago
the tide is turning with every immigrant and refugee who comes here .muslims , asians , chinese , africans   will soon enough be the majority .
they have no sense of responsibility to be in perpetual guilt to natives who , when given every advantage humanly possible to better themselves , voluntarily live in squalor   and   actually evade practical education .
natives will be begging for white man to protect them .
is it wrong that i hate asians even though i am asian speekfreely newgabber gab followattack
i 'm fucked up , i 'm faded , i 'm so complicatedddddddd
listen to the responses of pete buttigieg ... really listen!! ... he 's got the sing - songy voice , the articulate cadence , the precise metronome delivery of words almost musical : slowly ( adagio ) quickly ( accelerando ) surprising ( accent ) , he 's got the picturesque words bringing images to mind , and yet he says absolutely nothing ! !
i truly do n't think this is just my opinion ... i've listened repeatedly to his words in this video ... they are all platitudes packaged in a proper wrapper for non - listener people 's consumption .
omg india plz do not bomb my college kmdc north nazimabad block n karachi sindh 😭 😭 😭 😭
my point is , it is a broken system .
and yes , this woman was n't accused of any crime , just as many others gobbled up by the system , not to talk about false accusations and then the process to get declared innocent ... in the family law industry field .... this includes also abuse of men , not really recognized here ... etc .
what do you call the cross between a penis and a potato ?
a dicktater
the b.c. liberals under campbell & clark fought for 15 years in the courts to diminish the standard of education in b.c. and the ndp have inherited a massive mess .
we will remember this at the next election .
i think that this will only work if the judges also adopt the same policy of starting by believing .
oh .
wait a minute - that 's the chinese system .
what are there idiots thinking ?
white people rarely mind they damn business & the times that they do , y' all go bothering them with your let freedom ring bullsh*t .
what is wrong with y' all ?
😭 😭 😭
i tell ya , improving the economy and decreasing minority unemployment , that 's really hurting people .
uh huh .
trump is not a racist .
he loves and is working for our country .
you can not have porous or open borders .
were you even aware the u.s. has immigration quotas since 1921 ?
the problem is , the samoan community , a tightknit   community here in anchorage probably knows about these thugs better than anyone else probably and they remain silent , or will remain silent .
3 - 2 - 1 cue the delete this message button at adn .
whoever just messaged me and unsent the message i hate you
harry got cucked by a ghetto queen lol
this plan has been talked about for over a year , so i expected all tv stations , cb , etc .
to be there .
after i posted that comment , i did see the story on hawaii news now , but that was it .
some people like to scream the victim but will oversee the discrimination hispanic people , especially immigrants face on the daily basis .
i 've seen it everywhere , white people doing it , asian people doing it , black people doing it and even in our own community .
it's.not.fair url
alright i officially declare my old lady chink acupuncturist a protected citizen in the new white state that bitch is magic
all jews using a computer are in incurring in appropiation of an invention of the whiteman all jews delete your accounts now
the dirty wee paki that lives beside me came to my house there very upset said racists have been putting threatening letters through his door turns out it was a fiver off soap coupons
which is precisely why i am mystified with the hangup with our colonial history .
much political noise about the big , bad white colonialists ( with good reason ) while under our eyes africa is being actively colonized by china .
i was in namibia last year .
there are now more chinese in namibia than whites according to a local in opuwa .
plus , the convict labour they import on construction contracts never go home .
they stay .
and yes , china does what 's good for china .
like everyone else .
who the best lesbian character of all time and why did you choose lexa
worth a repost .
bill cosby likes puddin ... ... his dick where it 's not wanted .
thank you ! !
the sweeps are well under way .
the level of fear in communities is very , very high .
this is a kind of terrorism that ought to be widely condemned .
there is a referendum in india to legalize gang rape .
the forecasts predict that 9/10 will vote yes .
i 'm a dude who 's pretty short .
it 's not too too bad but you know how it is , girls love a guy who 's 6 ' and nothing less
@meee682 @kimdotcom @seanhannity yea the country may getting invaded daily by brown people , censorship is rampant , anti - white hatred is everywhere , suicides & shootings are at an all time high thanks to a degenerate & disgusting culture , but ... " wow muh economy best ever " !
fuck , i ca n't imagine being so low iq .
it 's like these miyetti allah people need a real invasion of their lands to reset their aggressive , greedy brains .
doyle left out another stat that cements uaa as the worst di hockey team in america --- it shows that given all of uaa 's penalties they played a total time of 10 games a man down this season .
a normal school would fire matt thomas after his worst coaching record in uaa hockey history .
since it appears those in   charge at the u of a want hockey to fail at uaa so it can be eliminated , they will probably bring him back .
just like the aces did with they 're losing coach .
unless lightning strikes and uaa turns it around , next season will be uaa 's last .
i have had way too much experience with diversity hires most have made < number > to < number > times what i do have had comical english served no purpose other than to take a job from an american i am talking chinese women here not blacks
please respond to the idea that the bible throughout is patriarchal rather than matriarchal .
perhaps the doomsday clock people will have to move it back thanks to trump .
that will be difficult for them i am sure .
virginity is not a social construct , it 's literally the term of not having sexual intercourse .
miley : " women are not sexual objects " * rubs on an oily inflated woman for a few * i know i 'm gon na get hate for this but just go off sis i do n't care .
< user > so you are basically aiding and abetting an illegal alien who is currently breaking the laws of this country is that how it works
numbersusa : 

 " roy beck , the executive director of numbersusa , which pushes for reducing immigration , said the deal that mr. trump envisioned , like previous grants of amnesty , would bolster both illegal and legal immigration levels , flooding the american labor market .

mr trudeau exudes energy and fun , when he speaks it 's clear he 's addressing women and the young , he legalizes pot , he spends his time in campaign mode , so it 's clear he 's in sync with today 's canadians .
- 
 also 
 he marches in more pride parades than gay teenagers 
 .
he is so emotional that he sticks his tongue out - way out - and opens his mouth - wide wide - when he is cxcite 
 .
he stages shirtless selfies in public 
 - 
 he wears colourful socks to get attention 
 - 
 he thinks he is handsome and his official photographers takes photo after photo 
 - 
 he takes family along for free trips when he is on government business 
 - 
 he has rich friends like aga khan - actually more the father 's friend 
 fidel castro - see above 
 - 
 conclusion 
 so it 's clear he 's in sync with today 's canadians . (
the shallow ones anyway )
can july hurry up so i can pass my fucking test and not hassle every cunt for lifts & # 128555 ;
this is called bribery and corruption .
the chinese do it quite well over there and is how government officials become billionaires .
i 'm sick of hearing about our " housing crisis " when the root cause is so apparent .
it starts at the top with these bribery dinners .
trudeau is a traitor to this country and should be locked up .
oh and just so you know i am chinese .
my grandfather came here in the early 20th century and helped build the railroad .
my wife is mainland chinese who grew up poor .
we are disgusted at the selling off of our country and trudeau 's apparent disregard for his own ethics laws .
people need to say it , the reason our youth can not live in our cities is due to the rampant selling off of canadian citizenship and land to the dirty chinese .
until we acknowledge that canadian citizens will never be able to live in our own cities ,
britain is faced with a tough choice on account of making all extreme pornography illegal .
either make interracial porno illegal or accept that all other forms of bestiality are legal .
very well put .
long time fan of chakachamna , the source lake .
kill yourself sjw trash
nice cover chinaman
i know , is n't her hair crazy today ?
she 's going to do something about it today .
i ca n't believe you went to school like that .
< user > < user > cuz ppl r not taught the full history usage it lessens understanding of why it so offensive a history literature teacher sayin nigger coon spick wetback towelhead chink when examining racial disparity events is different then self proclaimed racist saying same words
thanks , i check that out .
if you are a registered dem then write your party and ask them why they backed clinton .
bernie would have lost by a landslide , but if joe biden had ran i think he would have beat trump .
both biden and trump are unpolished speakers , that would have made for a good debate .
14 games this week : 4/7 : @rock valley 4/8 : @oakton 4/9 : @matc 4/10 : @morton 4/11 : home vs mchenry12/2pm & amp ; kishwaukee6/8pm 4/12 : @lake county
us should get a whole bunch more of these going , but this time put big bombs in them .
after the chinese steal them and are a safe distance away , detonate them .
it will be automatic .
chinese will stop stealing things from researchers .
from twitter i will allow a white person to call jr smith a nigger tonight it probably not a great thing i care so much about something jr smith can screw up in a few seconds
a couple do look grey but the majority of it looks like an ashy blonde colour that really does not blend well with the mousy brown .
i think this is just badly done highlight and seeing as this person has awful taste in clothing and posts crap like this i would n't expect them to have much better taste in dye jobs
hope they get those three robbers the only description they may get is from the victims , the witnesses who also saw that do n't want to get involved that 's how it is in china town they live there and wo n't say nothing even though they know who did it , most of the chinese that live in china town are a bunch of cowards they want to make a living in this country but they wo n't say anything to the police of what they saw there not americans there a bunch of cowards and they should go back to china where they belong or help the police to catch those robbers .
" a move that could prevent up to 0.5 - degree c of global warming by the end of this century . "
there is no proof to back up that statement , but then again they are using one of there favorite words , ' could ' , kind of like a get out of free jail card like in monopoly .... lol .
i wonder if the honorable minister of the environment could share with us what the current atmospheric concentration cfc 's are , just we know what we are talking about here .
i 'm a queer woman and i relate to this so hard .
i like to listen to this preacher , but why do black prreachers always have to scream .
< user > karen mcgregor ran a childrens home in rotherham where she sold under age white girls to the local pakis she just so happened to be invited to westminister when labour were still in power she seems to know a lot of labour mp labour supporting celebrities
a lesbian lass from khartoum once invited a queer to her room they spent the whole night in a terrible fight over who would do what and to whom
" are they entitled- in the scope of the charter- to represent only one side of an issue or one viewpoint while dismissing other viewpoints that may not align with their thinking . "
ah , the classic trumpian moral equivalence argument .
there were " good people on both sides " of that charlottesville rally , were n't there , brad ?
clueless boomer jews do nt want refugees because muslims hate them
if you savages could think beyond taste and 72 hoors , maybe half of you wo n't be trying to allahu snackbar themselves .
another muslim man phones katie hopkins this one is pakistani and he tells her his parents told him to go with white girls as they are scum i believe police ignored the raped girls because police hated pakis and any white girl seen with them
hooker with a peen and intension / right in two
the holocaust is n't something to joke about !
my grandfather died in the holocaust !
he fell off of the watch tower .
20 minutes on the phone with office 365 support in india to get an account unlocked .
now they 're escalating it .
it 's one fucking checkbox .
if my country had made a mess out of africa , i could see encouraging other countries to go and clean it up .
if one of those other countries had a preening publicity hound for a pm , i 'd try tailoring the pitch to appeal to his vanity .
what should you do if your soda is too warm in a chinese restaurant ?
call for ice .
btw it awesome that we can repost comments again what not awesome is that i have learned i have at least one to three faggot bitches in my circle and i have no idea who they are so this is a dark day as well a light one
i recommend the film no escape to everyone to see how evil asians can be in a race war
delightful description !
brown woman says hi .. i hope that 's cool with you 😂
erivo understands .
she supports a casting call 4 only ... afro - caribbeans , was it ?
views herself as west african & british , and proudly proclaims it & advocates for more representation for those * specific*groups .
but now # ados are supposed to accept a flattened blackness ?
< user > did not ching chong swat his friend or something
< user > < user > gavin newsom only cares about criminals and illegal aliens recallgavinnewsom
i just found out my term is called queer curious so basically no one likes my type but the girls low key live ✨
' shark tank ' investor barbara corcoran reveals her top 3 productivity tricks https://t.co/y1e55dehgi # productivity # todolist # getthingsdone
what if we just castrated this guy ?
then he would not be angry any more or want women and everyone would be happy .
love being told by white straight people how to feel about homophobia
another commenter for hire : good points .
yes , because we have done such a great job of conquering till now , i mean look at korea and vietnam , we really did great there .
not to mention we have done such a better job at afghanistan than the british and soviets , oh wait no we have n't .
the thinking you have is exactly what the the british use to think , we can   do better than the natives , the japanese   called theirs an asian co - prosperity sphere , they thought they should be the top of it .
it is very clear what the nazis thought , we are superior therefor we must rule .
when you think you are mandated to rule because of some military muscle you are a loser .
need to send every one of them back and ban any third worlders from even entering our country .
right , we should rely on illiterate facebook posters from sites that only allow facebook logins via facebook comment plugin because they are the majority .
most people are delusional and dumb as rocks and have n't learned much more since leaving high school other than how to change the tv channel .
bots ?
if you mean paid comments founded by certain asian countries , perhaps .
bring on qualified voting then we can all relax and let the smart and responsible people take care of things .
" trump 's news " is perfect for his low melanin , low - iq , low - retention sheep .
the presidents is totally right you do n't like it here ... you could leave go to some other country like north korea and i bet you ... you 'll be begging the president to let you back in this country
hello , angel , just wanted to say hi i live in cal but e mail me if you want to .
white on sister 9
linda seems to be a bit clueless about what racial terminology is .
yes , slants is not a very common name for asians but orientals is .
and anachronistic racial terms , or any racial terms , for that matter , should not be used as mascots .
we do n't have trams like the negroes or the orientals for a good reason .
pirates are not a race nor is it derogstory to an entire continent of people .
and you 're literally a mongoloid
and once again , there is zero point of civilians owning high magazine assault rifle style weapons .
you want to own a handgun or shotgun or hunting rifle ... all for it .
but there is absolutely no reason at all for any civilian to own anything else .
guy pretends to be attractive female on kik , gets showered with male attention , posts results
is the cato institute credible ?
does n't appear to be , worst possible recommendations .
daughter : where am i from daddy dad : pounds a shot of tequila .
who names there daughter “ pounds a shot of tequila ” .
i do nt see why u could nt go alone i mean its in a public place , unless he s picking you up or something ...... first post
< user > < user > lets keep spamming ching chong so we can see this buffoon exploit the definition of racism
pathetic russian subhuman
twitter is going to get bought out then i could really careless what happens to that liberal of a retard company i just want my buy out money and i m happy twtr
< user > < user > draws eyes hey here is a service where games come and go at a < number > month cycle that retarded
report for my station at 7:00 am : temperature : 30→ relative humidity : 84↑ pressure : 29.5→ wind : 1→ from the ssw .
daily rain : 0.01 .
if you could be remembered for bringing about the destruction of only one thing , what would it be ?
i ’ d never go in the ghetto again to buy grabba i give rasta < number > dollars nicca say grabba gone up anoo
the view from the other side , as a white male : 

 my mother 's father was ukrainian , her last name is constantly mispronounced , everyone gets it wrong .
for me , people think i am chinese because of my first name , and often use my family name as my given name , chinese people in particular seem to think i am chinese .
my name is actually an old english name that happens to also be a common family name in chinese .
it 's annoying , often i just do n't correct people , but i do n't worry that everyone is a racist out to get me .
jerks come in all shapes , sizes and colours , and from all kinds of different backgrounds , religions and cultures .
it 's not because you 're black , its because they 're a jerk .
" one can tease out " and create a straw man , and then say he proves your point .
why not give more evidence of what you believe to be the " generalized system and form of worship ( sic ) surrounding the tenets of science " , or just accept that atheism is not a religion ?
ching chong bing bong i am chinese who order fried rice lo mein sun tzu
you ca n't play with them - they do n't speak english .
co - worker 's facebook status : : not sure how the guy sitting next to me in class can smell so bad and still be alive .
first comment : : is he indian ?
do n't understand how i 'm suppose to remain thankful when life just keeps fucking me over .
yes , you 're both .
@kfuru16 : my sister is a woman and asian .
she is the worst driver in america # notracist # notsexist
seriously , you did not read the article nor followed the news , even canadian citizens are turned back because they are muslims or coloured .
sally may be canadian and muslim and sent back .
girl guides interpret and understand perfectly .
you refuse to admit what is actually happening .
victimhood alert .
it is n't britain 's or europe 's or usa 's fault 80 % of the world is the pits of hell .
seems like more and more us cities have holocaust museums are they centrally owned and operated or is it more of a regional franchise model
< user > gay asf of u to say this kisses u
my biological family used to call me faggot , and other words and tell me everyday i was would die if aids .
after i survived that , i vowed that i get to choose whose words affect me .
i believe the reason < user > is upset over the donald saying shit hole countries is because the zipperhead herself is from a shit hole country
me goodnight devin devin i hope i do nt get raped by a clown
< user > the definition of mom porn childless white women watching refugee children and babies crying on tv momporn i am a childless white woman but i feel ill at the sight of endless foreign kids better to focus on animalrights they are victims of human behavior sterilize third world
wynne has been a catastrophe for ontario .
with a huge appetite for big spending and dismal ability to deliver results , ontario is now uncompetitive and with a high cost economy .
before it is too late we need to get our economy to become competitive , we need to control the unions and we need health care which is not rationed by a centrally planned communist government .
in other words ... we need change
@sarahnfrancois not just the western world but the whole world .
and it was inclusive to all poc where all minority groups started having pride in who they are .
this man is an attention whore .
if he is suffering with mental health issues i wish he would get some help .
the fact that he used mental illness to gain popularity on social media is sickening .
life can fuck you over in so many ways you do n't even understand , but it only takes a couple tragic things to spark it . #
realshit # facts & # 128175; ✌ &#127998 ;
is this hoe gone dm me back
" oh boys , would you two faggots stop making so fucking much noise , im trying to sleep ! "
not once have you refuted my arguments you ran from the debate like the faggot you are i stole your dinner money gave you a wedgie and stuffed you in your own locker 🐸
loool says the chinese cock gagging degenerate .
funny u say that considering your origins are the same .
now go beg for funds to build dams or to get c grade teams to tour the terrorist harbinger of inbreds where teams are shot if they visit to play .
jennaaaaab .
america should be ashamed of the way it treats and marginalizes it 's people of colour .
but it should be thankful for people like @ava that shine such a powerful light on it .
one day we will all see you . #
whentheyseeus
there not asians they are pakis and arabs
the last response from our previous government on this issue was to bump the funds to investigate the middle class while firing a large number of senior investigators that had the expertise to investigate offshore funny money .
the people let go however then had a large number of new desperate high paying clients in the private sector .
more jobs for canadians .
yippee kaiya .
< user > his father is the most powerful man on the planet and i doubt young barron even cares or is even aware some dyke from snl slammed him you are crying murder over a papercut
trump has achieved one thing - getting the illegals to march themselves right out of the us of a into canada .
pretty darn smart if you ask me .
one less illegal to catch and deport .
honestly the only woman i would not ever date is a solid black woman hispanics are aye okay asians are qu3 < number > i do not have yellow fever anymore but white girls can be crazy ass folk indian and arab women maybe but they got ta be shaved no negotiating that shit
i do n't believe i have ever seen tridentinus say he disavowed vatican ii .
many people take issue with the spin , interpretation , and application of the documents by those who feel they are progressive heirs to the documents , believing that they and they alone are capable of understanding and defining " the progression of theology / praxis " - all others are " intrinsically wrong" ... despite what the council actually said .
niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down , just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders , fuck you nigger oboama !
lumen gentleman , i think you are wrong about this .
the jews , prior to the new covenant , were practicing the true religion set up by god .
even this could not save them , but only christ .
could a righteous pagan go to limbo rather than the fires of hell prior to the law of baptism ?
there is nothing to indicate they could .
if we look at the ex cathedra definitions : 

 " whoever wishes to be saved , needs above all to hold the catholic faith ; unless * each one * preserves this * whole and inviolate * , he will * without a doubt * perish in eternity . "
" the one universal church , outside of which no one at all is saved . "
" we declare , say , define , and proclaim to every human creature that they by absolute necessity for salvation are entirely subject to the roman pontiff . "
and one non ex cathedra statement : 
 " some of these misguided people attempt to persuade themselves that men are not only saved in the catholic religion , but that even heretics may attain eternal life . "
another ignorant yank the injuns are immigrants like us fucking mongoloids from asia just like jews but they were immigrants not kike landsquatters
i hate hoe shit , fuck a hoe anyway tho
< user > spray water on me if gay
< user > my ching chong dumb ass thought he was cutting dog meat
when does a joke become a dad joke ?
when it takes a 23 year trip to the corner store
president trump is greatest president for the african american population in us history !
url
i want to see every woman in america take a stand against every predator involved in the sex trafficking of young girls .
and its gon na sting .
the fact is these old men have gotten away with this their entire lives .
will you ... url
< user > avoid shaking hands with chinaman satanist lee hsien loong black magic suspicion
i really want this !
lemme explain .
i 'm a lesbian and i used to have a crush on a girl who was dating a girl named jessie .
the rainbow makes me think of the pride flag .
it 's all just so perfect to me !
shut this twerkin fuck with blunts lambo trash hoes
" do n't you fucking dare backchat me or i will slay you now where you fucking stand , you fucking paki cunt ! "
asians are so sexy wallahi but then you link up with them and they ’ re like < number > ’ < number >
have i said anything to bash the chinks lately 🤔 seems like a week since i really cussed out a chink or made a mean meme about chinks i ve been so busy bashing those greasy illegal alien spics that those sneaky chinks somehow avoided my attention like little sneaky faggit ninjas 😡 🖕 🇯 🇵
i ’ m sorry gay community call me by my name wasn ’ t it fam
maybe because the world 's most intelligent hockey fans expected only half a game .
trump is right .
we need a deportation force and throw a few million of them out .
and then build a wall so they ca n't get back in .
then they can be happy in their brown shitholes without having to live among the white men they hate so much .
why is everybody in japan skinny ?
we all know what happened last time they had a fat man ...
< user > what did china do in wwii except be raped by japan
i am white .
not a single one of my rights is threatened by my muslim or chinese neighbours .
on the other hand , i do feel threatened by ignorant people who see immigrants and people of colour as the enemy .
what did palestinian shaggy say when the jews occupied his land “ zoinkst ”
< user > here is what must be done the media says look at the majority of trump voters they are white whites are a majority of the republican party jews are < number > of population yet look at fed scotus and media that is our best argument
only her hairdresser ... er , doctor knows for sure .
kit kat : $ 0.75 skittles : $ 0.75 potato chips : $ 0.50 hot pocket : $ 1.00 vietnamese prostitute : two dollah
gerry butts !
he 's just copying the dalton mcguinty look .
no jacket , tie loosened and sleeves rolled up .
" premier dad " .
it worked in ontario until people discovered that his policies were bankrupting the province .
ask that nigga can y' all watch lifetime just to see how much that nigga like you
canada should make a clean breast of things and apologize for all of the worlds ills , past , present and future and have it over and done with .
birthday today bitches and i got ta work :/
just me this is america we have enough to handle right now i love these people demanding things in america islam demands jews demand no americans will end islam they know it is coming wow
so this is the kind of shit that people call whites who date asians eh sigh
nice ?
its chinese made garbage .
so much for all this equal opportunities bollocks i still have not seen a white guy working in an indian restaurant
this child is causing white genocude and deserves tk be lynched
@chief louie you mean " make britain white again " right ?
this whole harper lee thing kind of grosses me out .
so , her sister died , and it sounds like everybody is taking advantage of her .
ok wtf tape1 side b is literally nthng like the book they 're missin out on all the details um ion wanna kno bout justins boring ass ne more
i utterly want to vomit after watching this disgusting pro invasion of white countries ad .
get some binoculars .
everybody else finds them easily .
do you have a vision problem ?
actually trapsoul is still that nigga still still
the civil case accusing mr. clinton of taking unwanted sexual liberties with mrs. jones while she was a state clerk and he was governor ended with an $ 850,000 settlement for mrs. jones .
her federal lawsuit was delayed , however , until the unanimous 1997 supreme court ruling in jones v. clinton that he had no right to delay the case until after he left office .
" the supreme court decided 9 - 0 that the jones versus clinton case had to go forward , and when it went forward , he cheated ; in essence , thumbing his nose at the highest court in the land , " said fairfax lawyer gilbert k. davis , who won that decision for mrs. jones .
by - the washington times - saturday , november 10 , 2001 

 how 's that for conflict of interest ?
or did we forget !
from the article you linked : > " first , let me say i regret the positions i took in the past , and the things i said .
i 'm grateful for those in the lgbtq+ community who have shared their aloha with me throughout my personal journey . "
> her statement this week went on to tout her votes for pro - lgbtq measures during her six years in congress , including a sweeping civil rights bill called the equality act and a proposed repeal of the defense of marriage act .
she committed herself to fighting for lgbtq rights if elected president .
europeans are givin it away the hajis are there to stay the euro thot opens her twat for any shitskin that ain t gay
melanin is n't the deciding factor either .
despite the excessive dividing up of the human race these days there are really only 3 primary races : 

 mongoloid , caucasoid and negroid .
colloquially , asian , white and black .
after that is it mixes and subcategories of race and , more prominently , cultures .
faber would have been more accurate saying western european culture or european culture instead of white and it would have been less inflammatory .
you can say very little favorable about " white " people or people with white skin these days without being crucified as a racist .
it is idiotic .
sorry , i just walked through a horde of loud asians .
so annoying .
chinese people eat like savages .
they just raise the bowl full of nothing but rice up to their faces and gobble gobble gobble .
they do this because they ca n't see the food through their tiny eyes .
fag dennis grahl from berlin needs a hard mouthfuck url
i 'm being sarcastic .
i believe in hiring on merit not affirmative action or gender balance blah blah stuff .
i do n't wanna be that guy but i said you so .. first it was only straight white men now they 've also thrown off    straight black men ( except you need that synergy with blm ) white gay men and soon to be thrown off are black gay men straight white women   all trans genders , bisexuals and asexuals   all disableds if they do n't fall in line ... and all this happens before 2021
leftist mind control fails i think this overstates it men prefer women who are real people and prefer tall thin young bodies if asked in abstraction the two are not the same question
< user > how it takes resources to help refugees settle in the country but the same resources that could be used for them is being used to accommodate illegal immigrants
silly folks .
this is why we need chinese money .
this country is spending itself into a drunken stupor .
please do n't be the girl that does n't believe other girls when they tell you your boyfriend is cheating .
i know i would stick up for a white girl any day .
getting sick of heartbreaking & amp ; harrowing being used in conjunction with # heathledger trailer .
it 's a beautiful celebration , gone too soon
how ` bout drug and gang related ?
what is a birth defect in an asian person ?
they are born with their eyes open .
rt @dnumberbefore_2 : she used to be more fun as a hoe .. this new you is to positive
we could win a war with nk right now by dropping bags of rice on the country .
< user > the currynigger racetraitor i hope you get raped in public then covered in feces stating hopes and dreams especially violent ones is protected speech
kanye just be minding his own business an you all niggers go out of you all way to slander an hate
i 'd love to see how twitter determines gender & amp ; interests when doing targeted ads .
guessing it 's not something like bluekai .
some male frustrated by a toxic relationship ?
just leave her if she is using you for money .
< user > < user > someone please help answer for me in these instances where the left brings up the well what if i am raped and get pregnant scenario why can not people use the plan b pill i do not even hear people discuss this what am i missing
< user > zayn is a fucking god
rt @ssparklesdaily : the most beautiful women i 've met have bruised souls , tired eyes , & amp ; quiet smiles .
the survivors .
the ones who know abo&#8230 ;
@bullpup2a @breckbuzz @potus she needs to be thrown out of the country .
send her to somalia where she belongs .
tweet # 7162222221733345429024 i wanted to say fuck an oreo and love me all day .
i just did half way and realized .
rap is gay but sorry for party rapunzel .
i fuck the most black girls the @nfl forbids rebroacasts of this telecast ibg vs the cool worlds is a japanese trademark
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
i shall not waste a single more moment of my time to converse with you .
i am the exact same way as you man , all the power to ya ( us ) .
it 's a good way to be and view sexuality .
do what feels right 🤷 🏼‍ ♂ ️
yta .
the worst part of this is gall at being offended by his " unprofessional " behavior .
i 'm gon na shit all over this person and then be surprised that it upset them .
🤣 🤣 🤣 fucking classic sociopathic reaction .
it 's only business until someone reacts negatively to me then it 's personal and they were the ones in the wrong .
you a garbage sub - human .
" allowing concealment of identity in public ... absurd . "
why ?
seriously .
i see cars all the time with windows too dark for me to possibly see who i 'm on the road with .
none of you seem to be barking about this .
i see asians wearing health masks that cover half their faces almost every day .
i 've never seen a province get on its high horse about that .
guys in hoodies with sunglasses .
i could n't pick them out in a line - up if i had to , but apparently , that 's just their right .
ah .
but not this .
racism .
hypocrisy .
full stop .
no argument .
son the gold and gunpowder is in the top left .
no one here believes in the deific nation state that you use to justify your hatred of melanin enhanced individuals .
god is love .
god is in all of us including illegal immigrants .
< user > < user > if by giving kuran or exchanging all jihadi islamic radical powers will be harmonised in india than we will donate every single penny and publish kuran and will exchange with muslims those who do not surrender to allah and mohammad they are kafirs and will force jihad jai hind
suck my fuckin ' dick
would you call ice to report an illegal alien note the phone number for ice < number > dhs < number > ice
racially heterogeneous states are neither possible without conflict , nor are they desirable .
@she_speakslife @oluwadiipsy i am the righteousness of god in christ jesus .
i am blessed , and am a blessing .
" rt @sargon_of_akkad : @abcroosevelt @addamschloe i do n't hate him .
i 'm tired of idiots wasting my time with what they think are " " gotcha " " mom … "
@2xinternet @iautoro @minatracks fuck off you stupid gook cunt
i will ask but i doubt she will go for your ghetto trash ass when she could get a black dick that attached to someone with money instead of a crack habit
blakbodhisattva lol europeans are n't the ones complaining and asking for reparations for people who have never been slaves .
also side note blacks sold blacks into slavery and slavery is still a problem in africa .
i think blacks who want to complain should go back and if not let them see that out of something horrible their lives have been bettered
i know , is n't her hair crazy today ?
she 's going to do something about it today .
i ca n't believe you went to school like that .
< user > they deleted it right after lol then blocked and unblocked me why u defending trailer trash so hard
so , a hasty conclusion then .
the hearings have not yet questioned many possible other agency heads .
( i suppose if i point out the simple fact that no evidence has been supplied for russian hacking , that will garner the same seven negative reactions as my simple question did .
how dare i ask the basis of someone 's opinion !
shame , shame on me . )
sadly , i think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land .
this is democracy .
the jury represents the majority of californians , social justice liberals .
the minority have no choice but to flee while they still have the freedom to do so .
friendly reminder that you are going to be debating an actual < percent > er lowtax ask him if his mail order gook wife will be listening
most who are in any situation where any sort of punishment or disciplinary actions are used ( e.g. schools or the military ) agree that there is a racial disparity - black and latinos are punished less harshly than their white or asian counterparts .
no wants the paperwork unless they have to .
unfortunately , little jamekiel has been told by his parent from birth that he does n't need to listen to the man , who is just trying to keep him down .
so he has no manners or idea how to behave in a group setting and ends up getting in trouble repeatedly .
< user > < user > also i find it very strange how men always seem to make it some completion of which gender is raped and murdered the most it should not be happening to anyone no matter the gender
< user > < user > what an idiotic comment white people are not using these asians to sue harvard the asians are suing on their own initiative hypocrite hari also known as the neckless one is trying to insidiously scapegoat white people in his anti white bigotry
millions of brown retards coming in .
that should help .
no comment on the reciprocal opportunity in china ? ...
do n't you own alibaba stock ?
well you 're a bloody fool if you do n't .
if   chinese are such reprehensible buyers for a ski hill then why are liberal fans licking the bootstraps of justin trudeau as he gives away permission to acquire our most sophisticated high technology companies to the chinese .
i think it 's time to pull an old ndp or liberal trick out of the playbook and just call you a racist because every time liberals or ndp supporters do n't get their way they play the race card .
here 's an incredible one hour audio interview with karl kruger on this incredible feat :   https://standuppaddletheworld.com/2017/06/26/1532/
buy some drones and forget the f18 and 35 .
a drone can stay aloft for 24 + hours , do a better job of patrol and use 1/10 the fuel .
perfect for a large barren country .
1 engine is ok and also 1/50 of the price ...
staycommittedmrpm all muslim world is watching to pakistan and imran khan
i hate days when you wake up so fucking sad out of no where , it feels like you got gut punched .
why ?
do not you just hate white privilege rednationrising
i 'd like to thank everyone at @fansided for the last four years .
it was a pleasure to work with you .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > hey uneducated brainwashed sangi chaddi jihadi bjp it coolie if every countries become narrow minded extremist like you hindu jihadi give up liberal secular value < number > million indian rotting in ind even muslim country like dubai have < percent > indian hindu ungrateful chaddijihadis
california needs a leader who puts deportation and anti marxism first until you can do that you are just a chink boomercon
a thai woman runs into a wall , what does she break ?
her boner .
< user > < user > what an idiotic comment white people are not using these asians to sue harvard the asians are suing on their own initiative hypocrite hari also known as the neckless one is trying to insidiously scapegoat white people in his anti white bigotry
japanese people are bad pilots they always crash into ships
i think you got something there .
i overlooked a linking verb .
green would be a subject complement .
this has nothing to do with the article but tangents have a purpose .
for those of you that know me , i have this at my place also .
so you agree that the wealthy can do whatever they want .
wonder what he 'd do if a fellow golfer followed in his / her cart onto the green .
do you believe others should be able to do as trump does , or is it the $ that makes it ok , which seems to be the gop 's overall ideology .
i had insta just to bully normies
what happens when you make an asian girl squirt she charges you 10 cents for extra sauce
i hate you i love you
if this soy trend continues women are going to need ai penises capable of producing sperm with aryan dna as much as mgtow men are wishing for ai wombs
that is what i was saying too !
lol
i do not know about you but i have never considered sweden an ally so what if they are overrun they deserve it so do their smug coal burning women sweden role in this is to provide an example of muzzie immigration
< user > everybody is like “ omg delete this ” “ you ’ re so gay ” nah this is < number > this stupid bitches fault plus she recorded it 💯 💯 go isma 😹 😹
you seem to forget colin powell standing in front of the un general assembly holding up intelligence photos and data .
i did n't hear anyone from the cia speak up after that presentation to contradict him .
i do n't & # 128683 ; keep friends & # 128109;&#128107;&#128108 ; they come & # 128072 ; and go & # 128073 ; , do n't fuck & # 128581 ; with these bitches & # 128109;&#128109 ; .
fake all they know . & #
128175;&#10004;&#65039 ;
@shut the muck up get rekt incel
of course i 'm attracted to pamela anderson !
what normal man would n't be ?
however , twitter clients and web are supposed to have the same tools / exp .
that 's why devpolicy does n't really encourage 3rd party clients .
joel craig not all of the sudden .
this has been going on since 1976 .
before your ill fated reagan .
the numbers are not on your side bro .
that white privilege is fading and you so desperate you listen to a hollow con man .
where 's that wall ?
why are there 60 % more " illegals " at the border ?
where are those coal mines ?
it is exactly where the republican base is .
old and almost dead thankfully .
what i do n't get is why do white men bitch so much .
if you not a millionaire by now when you had a 400 year headstart you are just a loser .
hillary was wrong to ignore the deplorable misogynistic behavior of billy .
michelle was wrong to embark upon a sexist crusade .
posters on this thread are wrong to attack a nice immigrant who made a good speech about helping underprivileged children have better living conditions .
three wrongs do not make a right .
canada keeps receiving garbage from that philippines in the form of people trying to immigrate here .
send the trash back ! ! ! !
i was n't able to attend the last event but really would like to met some normal people in san diego .
why was it a waste of time for me to make a " hunger strike " campaign ?
because i was in ethiopia .
< user > < user > angry ching chong
move like its world war 3 😂   poor guy , seems slightly autistic bless him .
boi i thought we was fenna die like a hoe
reminder : trp is basically blue pill trash just reworded ...
i have owned a dodge caravan ... because i had kids ..... i now love dodge because i love a good rally !
why are japanese people always so skinny ?
we all know what happened the last time there was a fat man in japan
another example of whatʻs wrong with media and journalism , did anybody notice that the headline reads , " vp pence leaves nfl game " and yet there is not one mention nor reference of pence in the article .... ? ? ? ?
i knelt in front of the tv before the game then i changed the channel .
4:34 " did you get the sound ? "
sounds like she has an american accent and now i ca n't unhear it
trump is an idiot that is working hard to do putin 's orders and destroy america .
he said that he would go after china for issues .
instead he went after canada who has the most balanced trade with us .
and he gave china a pass right after china allowed his family to take certain copy rights from other chinese .
he continues to allow china to manipulate money , as well as bully asia .
he has been relaxing on russia , and is obviously going to be charged with treason via logan act .
he said that he would help companies by cutting their taxes and increasing ' bats ' .
due to far right idiots like kock bros , he is doing nothing .
however , he is talking about doing a massive tax cut which we can not afford .
w / gop drove us into the ground back in the 00s , and now , t / norquist / gop wants to bury us .
at the same time , he is pushing more regulations and laws on women , and even talking about eo that go well beyond anything that other presidents , incl o , did .
lol at < user > thinks currynigger monkey cow elephant worshipping streetshitters are taking over the world lol currynigger you re just riding the white mans dick thank u come again
people know their nationality not from books but from birth and they are exactly what their parents told them that they were .... your case is different you are telling to your parents that they are not what they are telling you that they are .. that it a case in a billion
i had the opposite reaction , in fact immediately texting a couple of friends , saying that i 'd just gained a lot of respect for willie when i saw his reaction .
you say , " yes , tbj was wrong ......... " good , you 're right about that .
what did you want him to do ?
pat him on the back ?
that would n't be a very lasting impression , which is exactly what was needed , and delivered .
coach made an impression on everyone on the team that saw it .
well done , willie !
what these bitches want from a nigga ? ,
like on some dmx shit
if it helps remember that the players owners city governments sponsors broadcasters and advertisers want you broke dead your kids raped and brainwashed and they think it funny
ok i have a 17yr old bmw and i know something about long term maintenance , we do n't know what components cost and how long they will last and if a parts network is being developed alongside the cars .
as a white nationalist i personally would not pay to watch the likes of that drug addict amy winehouse or scum like rage against the machine .
according to the survey that says " 82 % of black respondents support nfl players rights to kneel " - guess what ?
guess what ?
this group of blacks is either - racist , anti - american , or just plain unintelligent enough to comprehend loyalty to our great country .
memo # 1 to black folks - since you are such big proponents of democracy - you are the minority - which means that you do n't get your way every time you whine and complain about bs racial oppression .
memo # 2 to black folks : you are really pissing everybody else in america off with your racist aggression , violence against whites , asians , and hispanics , looting of tennis shoe stores during a natural disaster , burning up perfectly innocent businesses in your ' hoods .
memo # 3 to black folks : grow the f --- k up
if the " good " ones support and cover for the bad ones , they are complicit and as guilty as the bad police officers .
if police , legal and government officials fail to take action when it is absolutely clear that a police officer murdered someone , they are as guilty as the officer who pulled the trigger , raised the baton , fists or anything else in the commission of their crime .
i call the felony police rule and there 'd be a lot less police violence if it was an actual law strictly enforced .
dude do n't enter bollywood it 's bad place to be in.btw you just earned one rajasthan fan .
# diversity fail for the start of the week in canada 

 terror attack in canada : isis loser stabs cop , ploughs through crowd
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide .
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
all brown and black countries are riddled with crime , poverty , and pollution due to the homogenous population 's intellectual hindrance .
facts are racist .
i do n’t get why swat still use flashbangs it does n’t work if you ’re raiding an asian ’s house !
go back to japan !
michael schenker michael schenker < number > day ago take the ghetto out of nfl ﻿
i have a pakistani friend called stanley and i ’ve came up with a hilariously obvious nickname for him .. smelly brown cunt
@nikkijones674 nice ass want to fuck
hehe it 's so easy to trick you horny fuck boys !
hehe i hope you enjoy the rest of your life stuck in a box !
being forced to suck big sweaty girl dick every single day !
hehe oh who am i kidding ?
i know you will !
url
a north korean child dies .
what do their parents say ?
yay , food !
< user > how it takes resources to help refugees settle in the country but the same resources that could be used for them is being used to accommodate illegal immigrants
more supportive of the lgbtq+ community
if our ridiculous society would not make black people compete with whites asians and hispanics men like him would be the leaders of the black community
oy vey we have to help the minorities because they can not achieve anything especially if you know that native americans made peanut butter before jews brought blacks to the us einstein stole relativity from an italian
i hate you so much right now for bringing that damn bacteria back to the tl < user > literally looks like a bottled yeast infection
mentally ill people
ms troll drags up the old " soup spoon " argument from milton friedman : 

 dr friedman recalled traveling to an asian country in the 1960s and visiting a work site where a new canal was being built .
he was shocked to see that , instead of excavators and earth movers , the workers had shovels and picks .
he asked why there were so few machines .
the government bureaucrat explained : “ you do n’t understand .
this is a jobs program . ”
to which milton replied : “ oh , i thought you were trying to build a canal .
if it ’s jobs you want , then you should give these workers soup spoons , not shovels . ”
even with the cuts proposed by sen kelly and others , alaska will still have the largest state government in the us per population .
we can no longer afford that luxury .
the role of the government is to allow the private sector operate smoothly ; not to create unproductive tasks that drain resources from the economy .
i think i 'm just going to play video games all day .
^.^   it 's been a super stressful week .
i need a break .
@onlinegook fuck the chink
about this stupid oprah shit it is obvious that the democrats really really want their own celebrity president i doubt the bitch will run though
according to the poll there 's still a resistant bunch that 's still got the confusion of the devil in ' em , but we 'll keep working until they turn around .
i am in a lot of pain right now back to crying every night asking god why i wasn t enough for you i have not hurt this much in a long time yet i still can not bring myself to hate you
why do chinese warriors die so easily in battle ?
no matter how much protective garments they wear , there 's still a chink in the armour .
it 's really not our faith of choice that matters , it 's the dedication to our race which is where we are made or lost .
my uni friend took some really cute pictures of me today looks like i 'll finally change my facebook profile pic laid ease
there was a cuck from nantucket , whose wife 's boyfriend 's
i agree that our understanding of the processes , and our concern for the the environment and sustainability have greatly improved over the decades .
that is why i do n't understand why you still think this is being thrown together by some faceless executives who are going kill everyone for profit .
it 's regular people who live and work in the area who are doing the math , understanding the science , taking the precautions and making the proposal .
south korea is a military puppet of the pentagon .
it is a economic vassal of america .
they know it .
u.s. have installed massive military forces in sk .
the most massive in the world outside of japan , a former defeated enemy .
one understand why for japan , but why for sk ?
because u.s. , by its intervention into korean affairs in 1952 , and not able to win the war , is an enemy of the north .
north korea have not drop a single bomb in the u.s. so why the u.s. killed 3 million of them ?
answer : ideology .
in the 20th century , the u.s. have been a conquering empire of ideology .
it want to defeat any country whose ideology it does not like .
this is also the basis for the vietnam war - the u.s. did not like their ideology .
the war killed 3 million vietnamese and cambodians .
add these two up and you have 6 million asians died because america does not like what they think .
in comparison the nazi killed 6 million jews also because they did n't like what they think .
@conflictteam what 's pricking you in that narrow minded ass of yours ? ?
oh , the stick of homophobia .
good luck living with that stick up your ass .
😂
fuck each and every one of y' all messy ass hoes , sincerely
@airport documentaries why would allah test people ?
where do people in china buy their groceries ?
pets at home .
op is literally the reason this comment was made !
if people can get away with people for them being genetically " lesser " what does that mean for literally any minority ? "
gay people are a burden on society 'cause they do n't reproduce " * so let 's kill them ! *
i understand this logic but i do n't think any of you hear how horrible it sounds .
if you know that your kid is going to have problems at birth and you decide to abort that 's on you , but this is literally fucking genocide .
today i just realize it 's been a year since the inauguration of the presidency of the united states of america president trump and to celebrate this let 's play some lee greenwood
and you 're literally a mongoloid
japan 's fastest baker is only a little boy .
but he makes 100000 toast in less than two seconds .
aleppo let the arabs sort it out if they are not bothered why should i be
he had a song called " hit u from the back " with the iconic lines " there they go !
a big ole pack of pretty bitches ... "
you do n't become an immigrant on an expired visa .
you have just overstayer your visa .
she left and then came back legally .
< user > biggest coward chinaman satanist lee hsien loong criminals had audible talks past few years it started in < number > he got his criminals to loiter at my 1 9 8 0 address they gossiped false information around < number > < number > and < number > marsiling lane singapore
so in 1960 america was 85 % white ...... what idiot would n't like this ?
i kinda just wanna kill all the mean people i encounter
finally the china bastards get a taste of their own medicine .
take it back you idea stealing motherfuckers .
burn in hell !
white people suck .. 
 black people suck .. 
 yellow people suck .. 
 brown people suck .. 
 humans in general suck ... 
 rant over thank you ...
your gon na fail due to defectors with multi ethnic families the africans muslims and asians think jew are white your gon na get us infighting then we lose big
you know if a poor muslim refugee replaced you it would actually be an improvement over you
this disposable chopsticks with a break off rest idea has been in japan for a long time .
this is nothing new .
i remember trying to put on a strap on once while drunk 😂 up to this day i did not succeed no wonder i failed at being a proper dyke
wow ! !
it is past time to get big money   & corruption out of politics so that the citizens work can be done .
the only people that benefit are the politicians & their bank accounts .
the idea of government was to get business done & that does n't mean the fat bank accounts   of our officials .
we need to get back to the basics of the purpose of government .
stop throwing share and ganging up on other girls with your weak ass friends just to make yourself superior
are you fucking retarded lmao gtfoh .
stupid bitch
abortion is taking a life for your own selfish reasons .
it 's bullshit that we punish those with zero ability to defend themselves so we can pretend to save the planet .
we might as well fucking nuke india and asia if that 's going to be our doctrine , no offense .
john oliver is a queer
" uberalles " really   mien    herr   right   winger
in every female bestie you will always find one lesbian 😊 😋 🤗
the ones that are un noticed put in an honest days work proud of their country love their women absolutely do anything for their families welfare serve their causes respect others going about the business of life quietly men with purpose and honor do not antagonize us fair warning
mike , it is a western tendency to underestimate the differences .
also , there are historical reasons why the orthodox church does n't believe in the filioque , purgatory , the immaculate conception etc . . .
but they 're all the same reason .
those elements were added after separation from the west .
we also overlook the significance of the small things at our peril .
for example , the orthodox church has no official catechism -- not because nobody bothered putting it together but because we do n't believe the truth , which continues to be revealed , can be reduced to a systematic formula .
how about one roman catholic pope 's decision to usurp the conscience of the church by shutting down all discussion of women priests ?
in the orthodox church you can talk about such things freely , as at least two rather well - known metropolitans and several theologians have , without fear of censure .
conscience and freedom of inquiry are incredibly important .
just a couple of examples .
jesus christ said that so do it cowards
and y' all niggas swimmin in the ocean ?
url
wow , you do n't sound asian on the phone !
from the article : " this is thought to be the first time a european government has arrested , tortured and killed homosexuals since the days of nazi germany . "
sadly i do n't think this sentence is very accurate .
if anything it is just more recent and systematic , but homosexuals have faced a lot of persecution over the years in many countries .
read up sometime on the story of alan turing , perhaps one of the individuals who played the biggest role in the allies defeating the nazi 's in wwii .
he was arrested for homosexuality , subject to chemical castration and then committed suicide .
in britain .
in many countries gay men have been murdered with police turning a blind eye .
this happened in australia in the 1980 's and 1990 's and is still happening today in many ( predominantly muslim ) countries .
about a dozen or so countries still have the death penalty on the books for same - sex sexual activity .
chechnya is the most extreme right now , but they are n't alone .
us not demanding concessions from israel for j lm recognition ambassador nikki haley says trump admin not seeking concessions from israel after recognition of jerusalem this was our decision israel has conceded enough about time the arabs actually showed some good faith unfucking likely
the thing is , you do n't actually have to say any of that stuff for us to figure out who it 's coming from .
it 's easy to track social groups .
in cages that obama built .
can someone slap this dumb hoe
paul 

 i am using sarcasm about the italians .
after all , i could also have said they invented fascism -it is an italian word .
i have seen a lot more tarring of arabs and muslims by people who have an extremely unidimensional view of the arabs .
and a unidimensional view of the world ( a personal favourite is " asians are not creative .
they spend all their time rote - learning .
they have not written any famous books , plays , poems , etc .
culture is mainly western - beethoven and mozart are the greatest musicians in history . ) .
every country , according to these geniuses , has one or two cliched basis .
for india it is the caste system and arranged marriage .
arabs are anti - female and terrorists .
africans are violent and lazy .
and so on .
time to hunt down civilians who have fell for indian money and do propaganda against pakistan .
it 's dead easy to find them ... set examples   # nomercyfortraitors
i can ’ t stand a ghetto ass bitch
< user > < user > idk why people cheat cause if they truely madly and deeply love thier partners there wo nt be another bitch
< user > < user > < user > < user > feminism has toxic aspect yes and you are allowed to oppose it but on your fight against it do not ever try to justify rape ever we are fighting against women being bullies so what has rape got to with this ngoba we get raped cause we have vaginas
this is why naxalt is bullshit the faggot mind of sheep uses the < number > as the rule to say there are no wolves yet when attacked it only < number > of wolves eating sheep
niggas lie on they dead homies everyday .
nothing new
my kids are mixed , half white , half asian .
we 've had to put up with our share of garbage from both sides , but i think i would be most disappointed if my kids were to be offended at the sight of a flag .
it 's a piece of fabric people .
it is no match for the power of a human mind , and never will be .
the somerville mayor called out barstool for being sexist , racist and right wing lunacy .
people brought to light to pres how he was probed by the fbi for extortion and how his family has been tied to sexual relations with underage kids , arson , beating elderly women , meth dealings , stabbings etc .
pres just went off and posted all of it and us asking him to debate him .
dred scott was a wretched opinion that tried , by judicial fiat , to settle slavery once and for all .
instead , it further inflamed the debate .
it basically said once a slave , always a slave .
it introduced the infamous phrase that black people have no rights that white people need respect .
southern states were seceding before abraham lincoln was even sworn in .
the south started the war .
the north finished it .
france , spain , portugal , and brazil did n't allow slavery to die out .
they abolished it .
@king david ... literally everything you said was untrue !
only racist whites want others to believe that africans willingly sold others to europeans with guns .
only white racist logic will ignore the treatment of over 300 yrs of savagery towards enslaved africans .
only a white racist like yourself would minimize the effects of such and then pretends to actually be a savior .
the word devil only begins to describe you and your lies .
< user > but if a white person is singing a song that says nigga in it people get mad why is not this the same with faggot or bitch etc because the n word is used differently than other words it because in context nigga is the exception not the rule
oh , yeah , you used to be a dentist , huh ?
god damn you fat ass losers are so easy .
you bore me fat ass .
see ya loser .
go fap to some anime
.... y all fuck chicks who do pussy checkpoints .
that 's weird .
if i 'm having sex it 's because i know i will therefore i took a shower .
savages url
so if someone called charles manson a monster , you would rate that as " uncivil " ?
how about calling nixon a crook ?
perhaps calling obama an elitist ?
what if they call a social policy " evil " ?
what is they opine the broncos or ( insert you fav team here ) suck ?
any of that uncivil ?
do you really feel anything negative said about trump is uncivil ?
< user > begone ching chong
japanese people are bad pilots they always crash into ships
enough i m a homo just like it is so we used high tops he got his gay face on fraid so
@sairasameerarao slavic or ashkenazi jew .
race is a social construct .
by calling someone " black " or " white"your ignoring the distinctions of what makes us diverse humans .
sometimes you do n’t want to wait until you get home to eat pizano ’s .
we understand . & #
128247 ; by pete https://t.co/irt6b3932 t
this is the first time i 've actually been able to listen to the artist i saw live after before i kind of got tired of them .. progress
agree , $ $ $ $ $ hungry now ...........
she does n't own you anything parnell , get over yourself .
you sound chinese and retarded .
fuck off and go kick a toddler and get eaten by an elevator and stop making prochina comments .
fuck off dog eater
my asian friend killed himself last night .
i wondered , huh , when can calculators take out their own batteries ?
stay off the bath oil then .
trump is right .
we need a deportation force and throw a few million of them out .
and then build a wall so they ca n't get back in .
then they can be happy in their brown shitholes without having to live among the white men they hate so much .
send your skanky wife back !
if dems ca n't win the debate based upon logic and reason , they must change the rules of the debate in their favor .
today is world health day !
world health day is celebrtated on 7th april every year to mark the anniversary of ... https://t.co/ncxpswuchu
sadly , my indian guest on # volklore to discuss aryan culture is facing bullying from other indians who dislike him being friends with white woman and believe aryans originated in india and the western academic view on central asian origin is “ racist . ”
" f those ugly idiots " " i ca nt stand useless people like this .
we need to dispose of them " " stop crying " \-ljoseph54
would be hilarious if the un building was turned into homeless shelter or hell why not a refugee center
yes we do really know all the facts .
it 's all on video start to finish .
the rapper and his bodyguard and entourage were followed and harassed and then had to defend themselves yet the shit swedish law is heavily skewed to protect the latest addition to the swedish gene pool aka there " migrants " .
rt this and tell me how rough u will fuck my virgin ass .
you took me back to your place and i m so drunk so u can do anything to me . #
cumslut # slutty # slut # horny # anal # whore # teenfuck # teenslut # teen # snowbunny # bbclover # jailbait # drunkfuck # lgbt # virgin # bisexual # lgbtq url
fag dennis grahl from berlin needs a hard mouthfuck url
thinking or concluding that a particular length and breadth is what determines her pleasure is very wrong . #
intimatethursday
i know there women who lie about getting raped but when there proof how tf can you justify that cause it your boy you all niggas are real life weirdos you all mothers should of never birthed you all forreal mal paridos
bitch i 'm poor and white living here in frisco fight me
shut up you chad with your toasties and foods and cock carousels with their beta male husband 's who are getting cucked .
reeeeeee !
black pill black pill !
slut bitch whore women amirite oh god why don't they pay attention to me i'm literally a perfect specimen what fucking whores sucking tyrone 's dick amirite ? !
did i do a good impression of an incel right there ?
they 're too busy logging on to find out if you have a criminal record , ever filed bankruptcy , your facebook political leanings , been treated for depression , and etc .
when the government targets a population by race , and then pledges all its resources to find anywhere there are“too many whites,”and openly goes after community , or county , or state , or country , that is white genocide .
africa for africans , asia for asians , white countries for everyone is white genocide .
< user > he got banned retard
what he did was not the crime of the century as we are all ( women and men ) potentially vulnerable to our feelings , especially when we are weakened by alcohol .
however , he has been untrue to his spouse ( their problem , and you simply do n't know that full background to , and state of , their relationship ) and the two couples have to end their contact .
@livingforjc oh for fucks sake .. fuck off you prudish prick blocking twat shitting fuk face
wow paris police .
you 've got muslims who have taken over your city and shoot people when they get their feelings hurt , so you kill a chinese guy who is cutting up fish for dinner .
nice .
tds < number > i do not think i have heard such retarded bullshit since < number >
no < number > million white children raped by paki muslims < number > million pakis in the uk for their crime the whole community must be expelled
there are good and decent people here who have no interest in hearing jew nigger kike spic jap wop dago mick kraut porch monkey sand nigger moon cricket must they endure just so you can have your opinion validated
it 's been a really long saturday .
i still have n't slept .
this is why it 's still saturday .
i 'm tired & amp ; i just want to curl up , but waiting .
but you 're a dot indian , not a tipi indian !
+3 kids eyed bet u an uglier bitch huh tubby
deport all indians back to india and make them pay for the trip .
a thai woman runs into a wall , what does she break ?
her boner .
niggas used to home invade just to get finesse by the pawnshop 😂 😂 😂
ricky vaugh sounds like a dumb filipino gook why the fuck was he on the crypto report
fuck ass nigga
how many potatoes does it take ... ... to kill an irishman ?
none .
fina hatta law sta2elit l hkoume ndal nnazim hek lit events
youth homicide almost all black on black to the point they have a police squad dedicated to it called trident the same with youth violence blacks
after all the deaths , what about the others why just focus on the white guy american anywho this is gods way of saying stop climbing here thank u.
my god look at these barbaric ppl .
and these pigs all watching .
they r a very , very sick culture .
and omar and rashid want this crap here .
this is america not the middle east .
round them up and send them home .
i kinda just wanna kill all the mean people i encounter
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
we should n’t have warning labels .... let natural selection and survival of the fittest take its course .
i had it out with that moon guy he s one of them 4 chan gook lovers
i know liking men is ghetto 😷 but i ’ m different i swear 😓 i ’ m a bitch ass nigga 😌 scouts honor 👌 🏿 🥺
< user > its like impossible to say no again i got raped and robbed
" fifty - thousand dollars is ridiculous when you 're trying to ask people to make multibillion - dollar decisions ... " 
 really ?
$ 50,000 for 3 months of work plus $ 30,000 per diem .
yet sen. bert stedman thinks that this is too low ?
$ 80,000 for three months ..... not enough ? ? ? ? ?
the individual per capita   income in the state was $ 33,000 in 2014 .
that 's for twelve months of work not three ! ! ! ! !
get real .
did wizardchan spill over , or is this it 's own thing ?
@considerculture this would make sense if racism no longer existed .
unfortunately , it still does and it still requires our attention if we want to reach equality .
i bet overtly was invented by jews 🖕 😡 🖕
so much for timeliness .
ncaa-- non considerate athletic administration
back in the day you had two sides of greenville historic district filled with beautiful homes and the ghetto now it is just one big ghetto of broken down historic homes casinos did that oh here the pictures of the old greenville bridge and a new one
watching this anal rape episode pretty funny but the one thing that annoys me about an otherwise fine episode is the use of sam jackson and charlie murphy as the voice of the wiggers i think it done to give ppl license to laugh at white people dropping n bombs freely
look at wen the freak . .
you can tell its a man lol . . .
hopefully they will abort all the anchor babies illegally born here by the foreign female aliens ! !
i do nt even want her on the same planet as dr ben carson she symbolizes everything he is not a low life ghetto queen
dear god get these hideously ugly brown and black people out of here
love u jeanie mai ! !
i like how u spoke on asian cultures need to talk about their problem .
so do black families too .
my scientist can beat the living life out of your scientist on any day .
bunch of fucking anchor babies
@ilhan you mean the country you want to turn into an islamic caliphate !
and you 're a f * * * * * * moron the reason america has more so - called killings is because we help every other f * * * * * * piece of s * * * lowlife country in this world every time they have a little squabble some f * * * * * * country is asking the us for something just to have ungrateful motherfukers to say we 're terrorists when you see on tv a sick and dying child it 's an american giving him food or medicine you f * * * * * * piece of s * * * moron
oh pleeeze , spare us the cliché leftie knee - jerk anti - us revisionist line about the big bad americans dropping two nukes ( which btw , canada had a major part in their design & development ) on the poor innocent japanese , just because they could .
there was a conflict going on at the time , you may have heard about it , it was called ww2 and the japanese started it by a sneak attack on pearl harbor .
the 2nd general army and chugoku regional army were headquartered in hiroshima , and the army marine hq was located at ujina port(30 % of the total casualties were military ) .
as for “ japanese innocence ” more chinese were killed by japan than jews by the nazis .
google “ the 3 alls , “ the rape of nanking ” , “ unit 731 , comfort women ” , and the japanese treatment of allied pows and see how innocent imperial japan was . :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/japanese_war_crimes .
the nukes were a case of what goes around comes around and japan earned every neutron they received on those fateful days in august .
i am not the one aborting babies here your liberal white women are doing that
that 's why women be fat as fuck these days
< user > bub happily crawls into her arms hugging into her neck with a coo
no offense , but honestly , i do n't think of you as asian .
if our ridiculous society would not make black people compete with whites asians and hispanics men like him would be the leaders of the black community
take yo bitch on a dinner date then i paint her face
thus whites have to wait until they become a minority in their own country and then they can have their pride too .
i want and believe in self determination for my people said the black man 

 i want and believe in self determination for my people said the brown man 

 i want and believe in self determination for my people said the white racist 

 # whitegenocide
the " proud to be pinoy " remark .
hello brothers and sisters just wanted to let you know i had ask for a user name change and they approved it .
then ask yourself why 11 people got killed .
ill tell you why ... cause they were taking care of fukkin illegals at the fukkin jail .
dm me to see my cock # hard # cock # cumtribute # horny
i never had a chance 
 never had a chance to live life , suffering is all i know
< user > < user > ching chong you are wrong
the headline is biased .
of course the devils do n't like duterte .
these western racists will go to any length to vilify an asian .
duterte is loved by filipinos , period .
yes , the south was democratic .
the united states , which had been secured by the union army had as president , abraham lincoln , a republican .
there was no way that southern racists were going to be republican after the civil war , hence the kkk , jim crow , etc .
this lasted , the dixiecrats , until the signing of the 1964 civil rights act by then democratic president , lyndon johnson .
newly enabled , blacks then registered heavily as democratic .
you think the racist south was going to sit for that ?
no way .
the south swung heavily into the conservative republican party after 1964 , away from those ' librul ' democrats .
richard nixon took advantage of that and won his presidency appealing to those new republicans of the south .
this is not the republican party of abraham lincoln , folks .
lincoln would have been called a ' librul ' republican in his day .
finished my last day ( for now ) as an sde ; monday will be the beginning of a trial period as a user experience designer .
yippee ! #
trialbyfire
who did the priest go looking for in china ?
sum yang ho
he 's making sure if it 's ok for the bitches http://t.co/we7obtketb
of course this is fake news .
the donald is not being praised for being so great .
for what i do n't know .
lol
what do you call a black jew ?
the one who survived the cremation .
somebody the other night was passed out drunk on my lawn .
what a way to spend your third birthday .
he sounds like a great guy .
if i were you i would come out to him as he seems pretty aware already that you like masculine clothing and such , maybe he already has an idea ?
i know of some people who identify as straight but make exceptions in situations like these .
not to get your hopes up but it still could happen , you never know .
i hope everything works out well for you two .
the antichrist whom since last week is known to be netanyahu wants trump putin to let him kill all the christian arabs remaning n syria while all the muslim terrorists are now living in europe next israel will order politicians to send them all usa jobs
the asian men who can not find wives in their own countries could perhaps be introduced to the american and european women who can not find husbands in their own countries
i always hated , a white man impersonating an asian man , or a white man impersonating a black man , in the old b&w movies .
it was somewhat of an insult .
what is wrong , with a hawaiian , acting as a hawaiian king ?
this is the 21st century .
or , has political correctness , taken on a new definition ?
should there be , a white man acting the part of dr. martin luther king ?
you are absolutely correct .
today 's military .
everybody passes basic and combat arms school .
sergeant yells at you " " " time out "   big group hug for the guy that got yelled at .
standards have been lowered .
members claiming ptsd without even going overseas .
wanting service dogs .
yeah right .
todays military .
you use the word impotent a lot .
something tells me you need viagra .
ca n't get it up unless it 's indian porn you 're watching , perhaps while smelling curry dish ?
you sick fuck .
yea i m def a dyke cause pretty boys r so ugly to me n also all the rest of them
hoes always swear they nigga do nt want you but when you pull out them recipes that shit hit different 🥰
there it is ... ca n't prove a damn thing and is simply being a racist pos .
what the f does it matter who does what crime .
i 'll call apd and report anyone anytime so all of you better not speed like an a hole , tailgate , run with busted light and like and ass drive through my hood looking out of place or give me the slightest inclination you are up to no good cuz i 'm a human lie detector and white black mexican asian polynesian i could care less ! !
all you law breaking pos are gon na go down sooner or later in my town and even if apd does nothing with my calls as i give them your plates or description , next time you have a run in with them i doubt they 'll be letting you off the hook .
simply being an ahole on the roads has me calling you in cuz you 'll likely risk my life or someone else 's with your disregard for public safety let alone your children buckled in the back seat .
this is a warning i 'm looking for all you .
we were talking about how china controls its citizens ( your words ) .
so you consider chinese citizens to be criminals .
comrade , ease up on the censorship .
afraid of something happening ?
how to bind the economic social and political interests of a majority of white americans in opposition to the globalist enemy informal labor exchange
just used the incredibly rare non - ironic ' bless your heart ' for a cement mixer that purposefully moved out of my way .
is that even southern ?
i think you do the best you can to embrace the best of who you are by helping the white cause .
1 2 h ago ching chong accepted your friend request ❤ ️
are you talking about sand niggers
hahaha an indian talking about moslem rapists while her ilk gangbang women on buses indians are as perverted as moslems just as uncivilised like moslems they have to go to civilised western countries to live in civilised houses with real toilets rather than shitting in the streets like cows
robert   baer of the cia said   " if we had been caught interfering in european elections , or asian elections , or anywhere in the world , ... " 
 so the cia is calling the kettle black .
democrats are so lame .
the swamp   is overflowing .
kiss your jobs good - bye .
what a rag of a " newspaper . "
constantly promoting division and hatred against men and especially white men for some reason , i suppose for click bait and the almighty dollar , rather than true social justice .
the way forward is not to make every other segment of society feel better about themselves by telling them that " if only the white man did n't .......... " and that white people are scum and should now be treated as second class citizens , nudge , nudge , wink , wink , but for society to truly become colour blind , including white people and just be people without some kind of qualifying modifying verb ( white , black , asian , indigenous ) before the word people .
this is exactly like the disasterous phoenix payroll system that was rammed in by the liberals despite multiple warnings from the experts for over a year it was nowhere close to being ready .
implement first despite all the warnings , realize all the problems and disasterous consequences , and then somehow blame the previous government for crippling canada is how liberals operate .
accountants are admitting the wording is so confusing and bad in this legislation that there will be an onslaught of appeals requiring an army of expensive lawyers to always argue your case with the cra .
why not all mtorcycles in hov ?
yes , you 're both .
@kfuru16 : my sister is a woman and asian .
she is the worst driver in america # notracist # notsexist
haisha ?
move to japan you fucking fag .
hurr durr i m an amine .
yeah fuck off you literal veggie
what if we just castrated this guy ?
then he would not be angry any more or want women and everyone would be happy .
" colgate had difficulty marketing toothpaste in spanish speaking countries , where " " colgate " " roughly translates to " " go hang yourself . " " "
he is only loved in etobicoke by the immigrants he partied with and the gangs he let work the territory .
we do n't want his name in etobicoke any longer .
yeah , i realize that .
and it 's wrong .
but it does n't mean that christianity as a whole is being attacked .
it is n't .
in fact it 's the driving force behind a lot of oppression in the world against gay people , women , etc .
i am from india .
thanks for keeping that karen ass back in your home town .
you guys have a happy , cheerful and karen free vacation .
yo i am getting off i am drunk as fuck and it not good for me to post while drunk my inner nazi comes out and it just not a nice fellow
i mean , get a line of asian cunts all face don ass up and you could make a picket fence of fucking .
god i hope he does and is not being talked out of it by his poisonous advisers or his bitch daughter
uber has the ability to be eugene .
they just need meet the requirements the city requires all transportation companies to meet .
cab companies meet them why should uber be given a advantage and not have too !
support your local taxi company .
dear anupam kher , you are a moron and a gutter person .
wish somebody shoots you or you die of a disease soon .. useless .
url
dmv examiner ( older white man ): : " what about your student visa ? "
me ( 22 - year - old asian american woman ): : " um , what ? "
dmv examiner : : " this is a j-1 , right ? "
me : : " no .
it 's a passport . "
this morning at the department of motor vehicles , while the examiner was holding my student id for a large public university in the area and my valid passport .
like ppl on there seem to fucking froth at the mouth when a chance arises to tear down an indie artist , especially women , especially lgbtq
asians are so obsessed with math , their porn has tentacles just so they can keep counting .
his english periscope was awful apparently his chinese one was much better and had 1 6 m watching i do not speak gookanese though so be funny to see how this plays out with chink whales putting stops every < number >
" hell of a " job " gents .
many people around the world kind of " forgot about it " when these lunatics ruled texas and many of the southern states , " 

 do n't single out the usa in general or the southern usa .
clubs in canada did n't admit jewish , black , asian members .
jewish golfers went so far as to form their own clubs .
i recall a story where joe louis showed up at cataraqui in kingston to play , a member objected , the pro dick green welcomed the member to express his objections directly to joe !
thank you that what i think too we are white spanairds are white hence hispanics are actually white and asians are yellow and africans are black there only < number > races
this child is causing white genocude and deserves tk be lynched
i agree .
these chinese exporters need to find another way of getting rich and joining other chinese in breathing our ( usually ) clean air and playing our real estate game .
being a corrupt official has been the road to riches in the past but it may not be what it used to be since the crackdown began in 2012 but i am sure they can think of something .
ok jews there are no gay blacks old enough to have white hair
suck on it slow lil bitch , fuck on the flo ' lil bitch url
this nigga a 🐶 fr
its sad how realistic this series is .
so much of this shit happens in high schools around our country .
" i never learned hate at home , or shame .
i had to go to school for that . "
~ dick gregory
this kaiser pharmacy has a sign saying shoplifters will be prosecuted .
because , you know , being poor & amp ; sick is n't bad enough .
wow .
asian < allcaps > girlfriend < allcaps > i love asian women .
i had an asian girlfriend once -- for an hour .
it cost me $ < number > bucks .
do not put your gab mug in the dishwasher the gab decal is not dishwasher safe 😢 < user > < user > edit only the black gab mug does this the white one will not thanks for the replacement gab ♥
> both may or may not have involved racism the racial abuse this cunt was shouting might be a clue .
for the girl .
just maybe cyril will be able to right all the wrongs .
it will no doubt be a mammoth task .
he would need to replace every single minister though .
who are indians like
girl : : * says something about gangnam style and gets psy 's ethnicity incorrect * me : : psy is korean .
girl : : so what ?
chinese , korean , japanese - they 're all the same !
me : : no , they 're not .
they are three different countries .
girl : : whatever !
i do n't care ; it does n't matter .
said by a white girl in english class to me , a chinese girl .
made me feel frustrated and angry .
nice cover chinaman
deport them all .
send them back where they came from .. shoot them !
they 're violent
" do n't you fucking dare backchat me or i will slay you now where you fucking stand , you fucking paki cunt ! "
reddit bans r incels because it was violent against women believed in enslaving women thought women should have their clits cut off and wished the government would mandate them a girlfriend r islam seen extremely nervous and wondering if its next
equifax ought to be offering that monitoring program free to the one million ( nice round number ) of canadians whose data has been ' compromised ' through negligence .
in the us equifax is subject to massive fines and damage suits .
in canada we 're willing to settle for a ' sorry ' .
' do n't do it again ' and ' is that $ 19.95 us dollars or canadian ? '
these assholes know   how to add insult to injury .
almost as well as they know how to make their money before the bad news gets out .
but insider trading is another story .
your gon na fail due to defectors with multi ethnic families the africans muslims and asians think jew are white your gon na get us infighting then we lose big
the israelites who voluntarily emigrated to egypt seeking a better material life remained there for approximately four centuries and became slaves to the egyptians . #
palestine # نحو_القدس
what do you call an indian taking a shit ?
brownian motion
@sanjukta donkey ass .... insulting religions will make u sick nd mental
< user > it washed 😁
i must admit have never considered using the words carney and astute in the same sentence .
i think the man is greatly over rated and normally just spouts the same old , same old .
i think he is now simply saying whet he thinks people want to hear laying the ground work for a foray into politics .
or it could be theresa may has just brought him to heel .
a better question to ask is , " what steps can be taken to render this government service unnecessary ? " .
do asian lives matter ?
not everything is black or white .
those four crazy bitches should be in labor camps of their own countries why they are here ?
are they came for a better life ?
hmm , i do n't think so .
if you do n't like what you see - get out from america .
america , in this case , will be just better .
backing leeds all season , waiting on them for £ 300 & amp ; they ca n't even deliver .
finished with them hope they do n't even get play offs now&#128405;&#127995 ;
while timmy is at home criticizing other white men for dating asians stacy is at the club putting on a bj show for tyrone
no longer fake fucking with you hoes
it scary really the far left has successfully brainwashed most white kids of my generation into self hatred and white guilt i have literally been told by a hispanic that you can not enjoy football because you are white and that not racism to my peers unbelievable
what do chinese eat when they are on a diet fetus .
@shut the muck up get rekt incel
just ordered chinese food bitches !
bring on the cat !
i think the response is very clever . "
keep it . "
now those idiotic chinese look like morons for having stolen a silly drone and the americans can take the high road at whatever level you wish to look at this : sovereignty , free navigation on the high seas , bullying a peaceful research mission by military weinies .
i think this was beyond clever .
the americans will take issue with chinese nonsense when they are ready and in the mood .
the chinese actions look petty and stupid .
if this is an inkling of how trump will rule , i think he will surprise us all and those " pearl clutchers " will be silenced .
someone raped my gay son somebody toucha my fagget
we need to bring in white sa farmers before they are all murdered nobody seems to care what are the dutch saying about this
rivers - glad you pointed out that it was during the reagan years that the govetnment cut federal funding .
during that time many were turned out to the street with significant mental health problems and no where to go but the streets .
check information about air times of the clinton show " scandalous "
do n't go to third world countries filled with violent low iq third worlders .
what two kinds of people are totally different but always look the same ?
asians and hepatitis patients
swamp gases from juneau , olympia , sacramento , and especially d.c. !
you retards do not even know what a t4 form is
bob karman .... did you miss the part   that trash collectors are not coming to work , abusing leave and overtime ?
did you also miss the part that the city director asked the council for a garbage pick up fee rather than get savings from properly managing her workforce ?
lastly , did you know that cataluna was trying to write a satire ?
uggg
was there supposed to be like some weird dramatic shit after jason went missing ?
like he was gon na come back all dramatic like ?
i do n't believe a word of it .
the anti - niqab faction are in the main , simple islamophobes .
it 's not about people with covered faces , it 's about muslims with covered faces .
aussies really are prejudiced .
real bastardos .
they hate the indians , aborigines , blacks , and asians .
do n't even try to talk to them .
had lots of fun yelling back at them .
so many sex perverts that they passed a law forbidding pedophiles from leaving australia .
more aussie tourists die in thailand than any other destination .
why ?
haha you keep saying bye yet you yearn for more seems pretty shitskin tier sad tea biscuit
no they are both not white so they ca n't be racist
" friedman is a chump to the readers of his columns . " ...
there , fixed it .
aside from a long held distaste for the author , i 'll agree xi is smart ... and a bad - ass .
the guy is shrewd on steroids compared to agent orange .
that 's a given .
the article is simply another opportunistic trump hit - piece by the new york slimes .
many of my chinese friends dislike their government ( almost as much they hate the japanese ) for similar reasons we do in the u.s. unlike here , banksters occasionally go to jail ... or worse .
xi 's been draining china 's swamp for some time ... in his own meticulous way .
we should put your cast on a scale !
i be under this nigga like he mine
< user > lmfao i ’ m a bitch now lmaoo i ’ m weak go off sis
no clown , you are dead wrong .
you are drawing a false distinction between wealthy and non wealthy chinese to suit your racist narrative .
truth is you hate the chinese because of their ethnicity .
there are lots of other ethnic groups in the gva parking their wealth because of the tremendous appeal of the region .
so much so that the spineless politicians caved to public pressure and passed a foreign buyer taxes to curtail their investment activity with mixed results of course because politicians are not foolish enough to kill the golden goose that fuels the bc economy .
but racist pigs like yourself endlessly repeat the same hate filled rants against one specific ethnicity , the chinese .
there is no denying their participation in the market , by the media , politicians or industry participants , yet you continue to single them out and brand them as a threat to the canadian way of life .
you are disgusting and should be banned permanently for spewing endless hatred on a public forum .
i went in to chase bank to make a payment on my credit card all chase banks in my city have bullet proof glass in front of the teller .
how do you get nearly half of a large group of indian people to turn their heads all at once ?
just shout , " hey , patel ! "
have they contributed anything to canada since ?
i guess not if this is what they 're fighting over .
what is green , red and goes round and round ?
frog in a blender .
i 'm not important .
the things i 'm working on are .
the people helping me push this are .
i do n't want the message being warped to be about me .
i have realized while on stormfront , that my idea of what white looks like is flawed .
when does a joke become a dad joke ?
when it takes a 23 year trip to the corner store
islam is founded on the principle of facilitating good and preventing harm all of its laws revolve around this concept
just what the chinese do to the n.korean defectors when caught ?
china ships em back knowing the " illegal " migrant is gon na his okole whipped if not death .
actually yes there were irish slaves in america mostly women and girls who were allowed to work in the manors as opposed to the fields they were also forced to have sex with the negro slaves this is why many african americans today have irish or english scottish blood in them
@robynelyse @realcandaceo let 's not worry about the over 3,000 babies murdered everyday .
does n't fit your agenda ?
i even feel distanced from friends but like i m annoying the fuck out of all of them .
im not used to feeling that
so apparently every senior who ditched gets an extended detention & # 128514;&#128514 ; y all got me fucked all types of up & # 128514;&#128175 ;
every bih want her a wedding ring but these bitches be fucking on everything - kodak
i 'm happy he 's felt confident enough not only to open up about being gay to thousands of people but to also do it in a way that must feel extremely personal to him .
what do you call a black man and a mexican woman who are married ?
a happy couple .
xd
fuck every single one of you racist pos in the replies lmfao , take your ass to trump 's states and you 'll know exactly how they feel .
its easy to talk cock and make fun when you 're amidst your own , but the moment u step out of this country , ya'll will crumble
southerners do n't call anything by their real name .
they do n't even call slaves the same thing !
they 're ' nannies . '
women do not see me as a sexual being 
 i may as well be gay or asexual to the entire female species .
niggas are really bitches gettin round to be bitch
i like it when the same ppl who wanna censor legal speech larp about how great the open internet is 

 really gets my blades turning
japanese is not a race .
" @erikssonmalin85 : # questionsformen ever walked home in dark seen another person and becomed scared ? "
men are attacked 4 times more often .
as a chinese , i feel good for that .
nyt itself charges money for people to access their website while only propaganda is free .
they are all garbage .
just dump them .
why ca nt you pick up beer cans off the side of the road ?
its illigal to touch indian property
< user > < user > < user > < user > americans come before illegal aliens trump seems to be the only politician who believes this
the chinese really have you people grovelling on your hands and knees .
i ca n't be the only one who is tired of their trifling threats and petty posturing .
the sri lanka easter bombers ( 300 + dead ) loved islam .
do you love islam ?
then you 're responsible , too .
see how wrong that sounds ?
it 's because it is wrong .
send those ugly creatures to the 3rd world shitholes .
the imn is a terrorist organisation and should be proscribed in nigeria .
simple .
they are always violent and do n't think they need obey law of the land like others .
their thinking is abhorrent and need to be checked .
we have this problem for too long .
doyle left out another stat that cements uaa as the worst di hockey team in america --- it shows that given all of uaa 's penalties they played a total time of 10 games a man down this season .
a normal school would fire matt thomas after his worst coaching record in uaa hockey history .
since it appears those in   charge at the u of a want hockey to fail at uaa so it can be eliminated , they will probably bring him back .
just like the aces did with they 're losing coach .
unless lightning strikes and uaa turns it around , next season will be uaa 's last .
employers are hiring at a lower wage here because colorado is the " hip " place to be- no need to pay higher wages when people will move here without worrying about how much they will paid .
just got ta be in colorado !
and then when you are hired you will usually do the work of 2 or 3 people too .
i 'm getting extremely frustrated cuz my wwe network keeps glitching ! !
idk if it 's the network or shitty service , but it 's pissing me off ! ! ! !
silk sheets and diamonds all white
motley :   i do not know what their profits were , but this is what mr. lawson stated today .
" eweb is in its best financial shape in a decade , and he has proposed a possible electricity rebate to customers next year , but he has yet to flesh out details " .
mr. lawson stated , " eweb has the money to give a rebate " .
enough said , just do it , and give rebates back until the $ 25 million is paid back .
we will see if he has any b # ^ * s , or is   he just blow - in smoke ........  

 i personally believe that this is just more smoke   and mirror political blah , blah , blah .
tell the ratepayers what they want to hear and that 's where the buck stops .
you got hate up in your heart nigga that your biggest flaw
trump recognizes jerusalem as israeli capital moves embassy because < number > jerusalem never mentioned in koranicles < number > moham rejected jerusalem on his search to fabricate a cult and the rest is history of which the arabs not palii play no part party time
if i am telling the truth ?
how dare you question my veracity !
contrary to political future office holders , people do not make up being sexually abused .
it is not always so bad ?
do you even have a clue as to how many adults commit suicide because they were sexually abused by catholic priests as children .
you are certainly right in that for me it was n't nearly as bad as for many others .
i truly believe you have no idea of the extent of the abuse or the damage done to little children .
go to the website : bishop accountability .org and click on almost any diocese in this country and many not in this country .
of course these are documented cases , many documented by the churches own documents .
if they are telling the truth .
put a bounty on scalps , they 'll start to deport soon enough .
i think grandma would have been better off if y' all had just left her there url
long life to our nations long life to europe and western stop this white genocide fuck this nwo against our families our lands and our existence
< user > obama catch and release is an abomination on america obama should be held responsible for every american who is raped and killed by illegals
got ta hand it to the jews .. they sure are good actors .
they seem so genuine in their collective hatered of trump .
i always thought it was trump was ending their racket and plundering of our wealth .
turns out , it 's bc they secretly love trump for helping them .. with .. the capital .
yeah .
israel probably does n't even want americans to do their fighting is syria anymore .
its all part of the plan .
make trump look like a hero by ending the war on terror .. that 's just want israel wants .
to have to fight their own wars .
they were bored of watching .
yeah !
also , the capital thing
an observation the most anti gay men i know tend to be good with women either because they are players or they know how to keep their wives under their thumbs the most pro homo men i have known are either incels or stuck in relationships with bitchy ugly women who dominate them
having two moms can mean having gay parents .
girl : is that even possible ?
guys only want one thing and it 's fucking disgusting
" @sanacardi @letat_lechat sanders said " " i 'm sick of talking about your damned emails " " "
< user > the lions share of african caribbean immigrants in the us have the same racist mentality as racist white americans and white europeans as a result such persons should never be allowed to portray themselves as native born black americans profiting off black american cultural
be gay .
that 'd be 10000 points / day from the views of religion , right ?
looks like it 's the biggest fuckin sin .
tfw you are browsing occasionally r / new and you only catch new posts from r / incels 
 you know it 's over and you are living life with blackpill view and normie content toggled off
like ppl on there seem to fucking froth at the mouth when a chance arises to tear down an indie artist , especially women , especially lgbtq
i love this woman .
what a historic female patriot to this country .
whatever passion i do get from straight men are usually the ones who cheat on their wives or girlfriends with   me 😞
lets bring in more of that trash to the u.s. !
smdh
white'e devil racist supremacist edomite what you expect from a $ 5 indian !
i have japanese friends online , and they think it 's pretty funny that our countries are letting themselves get * * * * ed by bull * * * * .
@_girlthats_tiny yea it ai n't get into detail like dis doe dis shit touched me fr man .
dem young boys ai n't deserve dat shit
" never forget to hate brown people "
the greatest tragedy is coming , congress , because of your refusal to repeal obamacare and stamp out socialism in this nation .
well written by will .
if nothing else , the trump era has caused both the left and right to re - evaluate their values .
the failure of the major parties created the vacuum that the trump folks now populate .
that does n't make trump the leader of the next epoch , but it does mark the beginning of what will hopefully be a productive self examination of just what our still young nation wants to become .
i have found very little to share with will over the years , but in comparison to the crass and anti - social trump , he seems a welcome panelist in discussions about our politics and culture .
< user > thank you finally a white person stating facts
we live in the west , my family killed nazis , only dealings with jews was in school , neighborhood , friendship , business , hunting , fishing trips , ect .
do n't f - ck with my friends .
i have had hunting and fishing friends that were native american , married to one , white boys , negros , chinese , hmong , great hunters , some mutts like myself .
this society has gone insane , letting a small group of manipulating revolutionaries control the weak minded , drug impaired zombies .
mpd is celebrating the @capitalpridedc parade with members of the community 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 ✨ we stand behind the lgbtq community & wish everyone a safe and enjoyable dc pride weekend ✨ # dcpolice # heretohelp # communityfirst # pridemonth # capitalpride # capitalprideparade url
# migrant crisis : self - immolation exposes # un failures in libya - ⁦@bbcworld⁩ we need to evacuate asap the # people in the detention center and implement # safeandlegalroutes url
hits the g - spot and tickles the iud string rt @mslafittetweets fellas rt and tell us what makes your dick so special ...
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i 'll rape your fucking family if you do n't leave you semite bastard .
i will shoot you if you return , because you 're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick .
shalom .
we came in ?
i 'm pro choice , but i am worried that the lack of women having children is not being discussed as ramifications for the larger society .
the reality is that the quebecois de souche are not having enough children .
within a generation or two , french quebec will cease to become a dominating player in canada .
this is true of white europeans as well .
multiculturalism was never discussed in canada and in europe .
canadians ( and quebec ) never got a chance to vote on the policy .
and now nobody talks about the effect not having children has on our wider societies .
ca n't tell you how much i relate to this .
a ton of my str8 identifying male friends have had sex with me , and none of them know it .
we 've all hung out together many times and they all think they 're the only one who " went there " with me .
it 's pretty hot .
thanks for posting , it 's nice to see someone else have this experience .
the perp looks asian with a surname henderson
the city should n't be involved in this program .
trump is right .. all immigrants who arrived after 1492 should go home ! !
all brown and black countries are riddled with crime , poverty , and pollution due to the homogenous population 's intellectual hindrance .
facts are racist .
those minority women should be deported there not wanted here there trash
... when he hears " blue haired bitch " , " gamergate " , and " freebsdgirl " .
oh , dear .
“ the key argument of eco - socialism is that capitalism is the cause of the ecological crisis ... marx and engels were among the first ecologists ... they viewed the world as a whole greater than the sum of its parts , produced and reproduced by continuous change , ” saks said .
it ’ the demonazi ’ and republicommies
that is exactly why taking an over simplistic view of the issue is a mistake no women do not run the world through sex and reproduction rights and yes men take the most dangerous jobs and deserve far more credit for it than they get true equality does not exist
the most likely reason for a triple increase in suicide attempts in ontario provincial prisons is that the definition of what is a suicide attempt has been expanded .
the globe should not report such sensationalistic findings without having experts examine the research .
@hulyaturkey @malala she is stupid girl avoid her tweets
@radiofreetom some women of color say the dumbest shit every day .
like you @aoc
speaking of , any news on the eweb - eugene agreement to develop the riverfront property with williams & dame ?
last story was almost a year ago ...
when i was sick ass hell on my death bed all i wanted was my momma & # 128554 ;
copy paste god made each and everyone of us until he got to china .
copy paste .
< repeat > opy paste .
< repeat >
take a look around , white knight .
this behaviour still is n't getting your dick wet .
you might as well give it up .
< user > t < user > oh no he stood there and grinned what an absolute imbecile you are truly retarded
if a russian hack occurred on the us electoral system , release evidence of the hack .
who , what did they do , how harmful was it hack ?
allow me to apologize for my last post , as i was drinking heavily last night but you callin me a genetic lottery winner ?
come on now i ' ve had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble .
i live in a very white state .
my daughter and i go to a group every thursday about talking to kids about race and racism .
i 'm also part of a reparations group and regularly donate what i can afford to women and men of color who are struggling financially , especially trans people and women of color .
i have participated in several matches and volunteered at our local black lives matter cafe .
i could do more , though .
and i still have to unpack a lot of stuff .
but i want to be an ally who actually does something and shows up .
aau is association of american universities , not american association of universities .
that is a pretty basic error for one whose " beat " is the university .
obama to cubans you can not stay sorry cubans but what about the illegal immigrants from mexico obama they get to stay they vote democrat result obama just guaranteed trump will win florida in < number > gab gabfam speakfreely maga cuba
if i think he thottin i m a do it first i am gon call my side bitch we gon do the work 🥴
i would be very interested and , as i am dating a non - binary , i would be happy .
my posts suggest that i am seeking reassurance from others due to my lack of social connection and feelings of misfortune .
i attempted to neck a bird last and she turned out to be a lesbian and pied me so in retaliation those basket ball dykes can fuck off tweet it fair play < user >
sister lynn has said it well .
your family holds such a dear place in our memories .
your mom 's sense of humor and her ready laugh are a precious part of those past times in our lives .
i know you will miss her .
love to you all .
jan ( honea ) kornstad
idiot kids all over europe flew over to join in the murder - rape - ness of it all , then are getting sad for now suffering repercussions .
countries as a whole seem to be staying quiet about it , letting iraq handle it .
it an incident you hear that incident if it was a white guy it would be terrorism you know we should figure out what the arabs are doing
she did n't know how to tie the rope .
he purchased the items used .
but for this piece of filth , she might have gotten over her emotional dip and would still be here today .
this guy should never again be allowed loose in society .
normies telling incels to just " put in more effort " are the same as wealthy people telling poor people to stop being lazy .
one significant result of “ tales of the untold ” is the signing of a petition in support of the sexual offences against children bill tht was
🗣 get tested , just because you only fuck them does n't mean they only fucking you ! ! !
i live in a large american city and it has gotten so bad that it is to the point where we are not just a minority .
followed everyone back that i forgot about .
i honestly should 've never done that unfollow spree . &
gt;_&gt ;
anyone in the mood for some arts and crafts ?
i was thinking about some thai dying
nigeria christians need to face reality .
the want a working nigeria just by snoring and praying for miracles .
my people but jesus was radical when he was on earth .
@cnn @realffk @franknwa1 @mazinnamdikanu @saharareporters @amaka_ekwo @nkirukanistoran @igbokwezuonu @ipobhannover
i joined this site just a few hours ago but i ve been visiting for a while before hand .. very interesting topics things you just do nt see in mainstream anymore .. actualy what the hell am i saying never ever seen in main stream ever ... its a damn shame ...
this is exactly why we need to make america white again .
brown people are uncivilized savages that contaminate the earth .
trump 2020 🇺 🇸
two days ago i tapped out a half asian , half white mongrel who was bigger than me .
i was on the beat when i got a call in for domestic violence at a lesbian couple house when i arrived one of them said what took you so long i am sorry miss i replied i stopped at the shop to get some popcorn and baby oil
@sugasonlykitten i 'm f*cking tired of racist , misogynistic assholes .
sick of them .
send them all back where they came from .
wave- congrats on being the last person alive who actually believes this .
let us guess : you also think taking pills turns males into females , and if you wear axe body spray , females will magically be turned on to you .
# ytl c - can i have exo members on my timeline ?
especially chanyeol hyung and jongin hyung , i m a big fan of them & gt;///&lt ; [ sehun ]
god there are such retarded people on this planet
what the hell is this article about ?
nothing .
describing the residence of a chinese investory/ business man ?
give me freaking break ..
the last true bastion of bipartisanship is criticizing the black muslim refugee congresswoman
over at the catholic league , bill donahue pulls in $ 400,000 for himself , not counting his cushy expense accounts .
now that is something to brag about .
and he does .
the only thing that will help in the long term is to get the villages on the road system .
without ground transportation these villages will continue to be nothing else .
i get this discussion when it comes to disabled and people of color .
these actors ca nt change that and have less oportunities for roles .
but gays and trans roles can be played by evryone .
and on the other side , beeing gay or trans does not exclude you from straight roles .
so sj platin ganz asien robot is a other story than sj playing a trans person .
like i 've stated in an earlier comment , carberry , if the alaska court system can red line inebriates ' id they ca n't purchase booze .
why not use the same method for people that pull or use a gun on another individual ?
there 's always people being charged with inappropriate gun use .
these are the people that need to be red lined too .
only they ca n't have a gun or buy a gun as long as they 're a risk to the public .
society is like a box of chocolates the white ones are the best
i 'm sure my korean step - daughter , my hispanic grandson - in - law , my black former brother - in - law , my chinese brother - in - law , my black buddy on the pd , who i 'd come in early and ride with him half his shift , and he 'd stay over and ride with me , half my shift , who i would certainly have never doubted he 'd have my back in any circumstance ( as he knew i had his) ... i'm sure they all , and other in my life of various races , ethnicities , etc .
are soooooooooo happy that i have finally been uncovered as a racist .
you , sir , are an ignorant ass .
a left wing loon who ca n't debate on the facts , the truth , or common sense .
who 's only recourse is to project their own labels at others .
perhaps you should read some history of left wing ideologies ... that 's where the racism , the hate , the scorn for others , etc .
is always found .
go on a diet !
same .
catch these illegal fucks and send them back .
aye i 'm laughing but this shit sad asl really .... ca n't believe y'all would protect some bitches over y'all own member ... i protected u niggas on l'a .... da hood really let me down 😞 😔 i risked it all for yall 💔
what is white and covers the streets on a winter morning ?
employed people
my tip to immigrants coming to america seeking asylum wear a maga hat and you will sail right thru
ahha , its a pompous , self - aggrandizing , dismissive piece of fiction .
adn , why the mention .... " that will soon be home to a new marijuana shop " ?
just gratuitous information to get people to read the article , which , by the way , has nothing to do with any marijuana shop ....
< user > get well soon ching chong 😌
your apparent love , betty c. , to distort information remains of some surprise to me .
specifically , the loretto sisters were asked to talk with cardinal aviz of the congregation of religious life in order to clarify some aspects of their constitution highlighted during the so - called " apostolic visitation " under emeritus benedict xvi .
done and over now .
no big deal .
and if you object to a pope of the church issuing guidelines to any monastic order , of men or women , then you are quite disloyal to the papacy .
your " interference " is clearly at odds with the long , long tradition of popes correcting religious orders , or giving them a framework for improvement .
but , i suppose you think that pope francis is dead wrong in emphasizing the need for communal prayer and daily reception of the eucharist .
yes - you are not one worth listening to on such matters .
got anything else ?
lars , " it 's harder than it looked " , my god , it 's been 99 days and he still has n't figured out how the oval office got its name !
abortion is violence violence is not healthcare abortion is not healthcare whywemarch
“ the sense of violation is horrible , ” said one man , who says he now packs a pistol while home because he wonders if someone may return to steal his truck .
the vehicle ’s keys were taken during a burglary that norris admitted committing .
that man is an idiot .
if he is concerned about having his truck stolen , the best course of action is to have a locksmith re - key the truck 's ignition and door locks , not pack a pistol .
leaving your home to shoot someone for stealing your truck is not self defense , it 's homicide .
those women have lots of plastic surgery .
the only thing good about an mlb fight is watching old white dudes go apeshit .
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white people altright hdnw jewfreeamerica
" brown people are invading this country and we need to fight back " " i am not a white supremacist but they 'll probably call me one anyway "
i find indian widows to be so < elong > hot .
< repeat > especially when they 're burning on a pyre
this nigga @mygodraf has no iq this fucking sucks
ts ca n't play , bench him .
mccoy was a bad hire , the off has zero imagination .
why did n't they put talib on the te all game ?
yes there is a kkk in canada you have to be invited to get in .
" obviously , you do n’t understand that every day the project is extended costs the residents of honolulu another $ 30,000-$50,000 . " . -
alex rodriguez 

 do you understand that each linear foot of rail costs $ 94,697 ?
do you understand that hart announced two years ago that operations and maintenance for the first 12 years will be $ 1.7 billion , and that 's with limited operations for the first few years ?
japanese people are bad pilots they always crash into ships
chinese in chinatowns nationwide weep ....
" there should be equality between women and men in all aspects of life . "
until men start giving birth and nursing infants , that 's not possible .
to ignore the obvious differences is insanity .
however , that does n't mean we should n't strive for equality between the sexes where equality is possible .
kamu is a race baiting homo .
and that fat cunt better carry vasoline , it will make it easier on her when a patriot stomps that fatass and sticks her weapons up her ass .
i 'm getting extremely frustrated cuz my wwe network keeps glitching ! !
idk if it 's the network or shitty service , but it 's pissing me off ! ! ! !
i fail to see what is so progressive about making fun of gays ....
more fun stuff from teens in christian groups at the park , " you ca n't be asian !
they all have names like ching chong ! "
with their chaperone joining in on the laughter !
beatles when i am < number > you mean london stabbings you got that wrong lennon who fucked a chink
just curious @a but what will you do when isis starts tryin to recruit using @gab ?
mr. ritte , 
 everyone but you being wrong about a subject is just as persuasive as using all capital letters .
historical facts are by definition unhidden and there has been no change in the curriculum in our universities about the state of hawaii or its history . "
logs for the fire " what are you going to burn mr. ritte ?
bubbles , 
 i see you 're using the same broad brush slopped in peanut butter as you 've   accused me of doing .
you win the daily prize for ' double standards ' and circular reasoning .
donald trump spent the entire campaign condemning the kkk , neo - nazi 's and davis duke .
when duke endorsed   trump for president , trump repudiated his support .
that is a big fat fact .
so now you are resorting to the same thing you claim i do .
your ' linking ' wacko 's who just happen to support trump with trump himself .
i never saw sanders or hillary condemn hate speech from the left .
if she did , i 'd like some proof .
yet there is   plenty of ' proof ' trump condemned    hate groups   claiming to support him    bernie apologizes after the fact , but at least he does it .. 

  hillary quietly smiles while trashing   half america .
and she woders why she lost ?
talk about peanut butter and brushes .. she painted 1/2 the country as irredeemable   ' deplorable 's '   during the campaign .
now that 's " hate "   coming.from her own lips .
animals have hemoglobin and plasma too op bitch
this must be a new low for the indian parliament .
url
hell , you ca n't even get the authors of ballot propositions to write them in layman 's english ; bait - n - switch reading .
bah !
the b'turds .
what bible verse is that ?
chapter and verse please !
i 'll only accept a # firefly reboot if @alantudyk 's wash is miraculously found unharmed and he 's cast in the show .
< user > < user > it at my house but you can pull it out of my dead white girl wasted hands
" one can tease out " and create a straw man , and then say he proves your point .
why not give more evidence of what you believe to be the " generalized system and form of worship ( sic ) surrounding the tenets of science " , or just accept that atheism is not a religion ?
the rape of our children by pakis is a call to arms brexit < date > < time > < number > mps arrested for treason pakistani community expelled from the uk
boomers with gook wives are the biggest threat to western civilization
" rt @fobdhbot : pete was like " " yo , fuck you !
i can do whatever i want ! " " "
my fat fucking wife just told me that my ribbed condom .
< repeat > .
< repeat > oesn't taste like ribs at all .
all this african gentleman want to do is enrich israel their women are being denied his shalom because israeli government officals hate him because of the colour of his skin
same feeling i had , kc .
then words came out of me !
cool stuff goin' on up there .
used to work in a couple bars in nome .
to have tourists come in is gon na change that place forever !
not upset in the least , but glad i saw it when it was bawdy , rowdy , and old .
freekin ' really old infrastructure and interiors .
i loved it .
lotza hidey - holes and secret " forts " , meaning cool places to smoke a joint .
> " when you 're called a nazi , a bigot , a racist , a sexist , a transphobe , and a misogynist for absolutely no reason , and that kind of dehumanization occurs for literally years , needless to say it 's probably not the safest scene out there for me right now . "
hot heaping christ you got ta be some kind of brainwashed to legitimately believe there 's no reasonwhy anyone would call colin moriarty a bigot .
this nigga a 🐶 fr
agree with rowman .
the baker is ok refusing to make a cake with gay men on the cake , or with swastikas on it , or breasts on it .
it is not ok to refuse to make a cake for a black person , a gay person , an asian , an american indian ... get it richard stacy ?
tough concept .
i say let him refuse whatever classes of people he wants , and post it in the store prominently ... then all reasonable people can avoid him and find a baker that is not a bigot .
the declaration of independence did n't include blacks until the 1970 's .
actual equality has never been achieved in practice .
i 'm just saying that all lives matter .
that includes poorly educated rural white people .
the white bosses never treated them as equals either .
this why i hate these dykes 😂 😂 😂
hillberg100 < number > day ago ask maxines wig about that < number > russian retirement fund or her hubbys bank bailout when he did not need or her living outside her ghetto districts that have the lowest living standards well below poverty levels
the long game of enzo being more of a hindrance than a help to big cass is and will continue to be wonderful # wrestlemania33
what so we 're supposed to tolerate intolerance now ?
just hours before el paso attack , trump rt infamous u.k. anti - immigrant bigot katie hopkins , who has written that migrants heading to europe were " cockroaches " and instead of sending rescue boats , " i 'd use gunships " to stop them " url # whitesupremacistinchief
" a new study released today says teens are not getting enough sleep " - no kidding ?
who pays these people to say things that are obvious ?
that is retarded check out these < number > from oz if you have not already < user > < user >
< user > i am bit confused coz chinese ppl can not access twitter thn how this ching chong using it i think he pakistani 🤔 🤔 🤔
that 's no excuse for stealing other people 's technology and research and intellectual property you 're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are and your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you 'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites you chinks are determined to eat every pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
here i thought south indians were the smart ones smh .
be gay .
that 'd be 10000 points / day from the views of religion , right ?
looks like it 's the biggest fuckin sin .
inaki williams you fucking nigger
send those ugly creatures to the 3rd world shitholes .
why does n't americans like snails because they like fast food .
but criticizing our mission in iraq while our soldiers were dying was n't too important for partisanship , right justin ?
no it wasn t muslim men were always hanging round young girls our mum would say stay away from the pakis
the last response from our previous government on this issue was to bump the funds to investigate the middle class while firing a large number of senior investigators that had the expertise to investigate offshore funny money .
the people let go however then had a large number of new desperate high paying clients in the private sector .
more jobs for canadians .
yippee kaiya .
what do you call when you fuck your sister , who fucks your dad , who fucks your mom , who fucks you ?
an incestion
" fifty - thousand dollars is ridiculous when you 're trying to ask people to make multibillion - dollar decisions ... " 
 really ?
$ 50,000 for 3 months of work plus $ 30,000 per diem .
yet sen. bert stedman thinks that this is too low ?
$ 80,000 for three months ..... not enough ? ? ? ? ?
the individual per capita   income in the state was $ 33,000 in 2014 .
that 's for twelve months of work not three ! ! ! ! !
get real .
pink shutters a man walked into a whore house and asked the man running it to give him the biggest black woman that the whore house had .
the man at the counter said alright that will be < number > and told him to go to room < number > the man went up to room < number > and the biggest black woman he had ever seen answered the door .
the man walked in and asked the woman to take off all her clothes , lay on the bed and spread her legs .
< repeat > she did as she was told , the man stood there and just looked at her for a minute , then he said ok i m finished you can put your clothes back on .
< repeat > the woman got up and was confused as she asked , " why did nt you do anyting ? "
the man replied .
< repeat > well i am painting my house brown and i wanted to see what it looked like with pink shutters
it 's very clear that america thinks of itself as a white country .
if 8chan was a site for muslim extremists or black nationalists , it would have been shut down years ago .
cool story bob , needs more dragons .
good old gary bettman .
his american owners tell him to jump and his only question is how high ?
you are not real isreal !
your god is satan the devil
in past 24 hrs jurors have told judge 3 times they are hung in murder trial of fresno gang member jerel stanfield .
judge might call mistrial
a : : i ca n't tell the difference between all the chinese kids that i teach .
they all look the same .
b : : yeah , i think we 're just not trained to see the differences .
i mean , if you put 5 golden retrievers in a row , you probably could n't tell the difference either ... or trees .
gathering of new friends ; me , the only person of colour in the room .
made me feel invisible , mortified , shocked .
possibly respond to some support requests with canned answers .
intentionally obtuse ?
pot , meet kettle - kettle , pot !
if you " got my " satire " you would know that i was answering the question , not avoiding it .
we need millions of people to cut their carbon footprint , not dozens .
this " leading by example " does n't quite work in this scenario .
these people are not our parents ( and what parent is n't a hypocrite according to your strict standard ? )
using trump as an example of a globetrotter pre - and/or post election , how does he stand up to your criteria ?
traveling the globe promoting zany concepts like peace , medical assistance , energy - saving ideas , new technology , etc .
are necessary evils , if you will , in an effort to promote a greater good .
but of course , if you ca n't see it that way , back to your barcolounger and your in - season tv dinner .
back in the day you had two sides of greenville historic district filled with beautiful homes and the ghetto now it is just one big ghetto of broken down historic homes casinos did that oh here the pictures of the old greenville bridge and a new one
that 's how you do celebrate each other 's accomplishments , very proud moment as a black man of 53years old and i am not a fan of that team up north but as a black man i understand what this means to these men to see their brother and friend to be elevated at this level .
i am interested in establishing an all white nation no jews no blacks no wetbacks no asians
" god 's chosen people is how god defined the israelites " 

 actually , " god 's chosen people " is how the israelites defined themselves .
by indulging in this delusion of grandeur , they were the ones mocking god .
no < number > million white children raped by paki muslims < number > million pakis in the uk for their crime the whole community must be expelled
good for bishop scharfenberger .
he will be pilloried here by many , i am sure - but beautifully stated - 

 " when individuals , particularly those in political office , gloss over or ignore the core issue of whether or not taxpayers should be funding the world ’s largest abortion business by citing planned parenthood ’s other services , they are engaging in obfuscation that is , at best , confused and , at worst , dishonest .
and when such individuals publicly hold themselves out to be catholic , their local bishop has a responsibility to offer correction , both for the well - being of the individuals ’ souls and to avoid scandal among the catholic faithful . "
yup .
good for bishop scharfenberger .
this just in : ur mom gay
okay so who pays for the guy 's truck ? ?
at least she does n't push fake news like bill did .
i know the sheep love fake news .
jp : if " one is no better or more important than another " , the killing or eating or wearing of every being is of equal consequence .
but in reality , society has established standards of behavior that define certain beings as more valuable than others .
yup .
the wac bennett dam and williston reservoir   are still emitting methane gas from rotting timer after all these years .
they flooded a 250 km x 150 km of our carbon sink .
never mind site c.
happy eid mubarak from the # jitaku team , to all our esteemed muslim clients , friends & family ! #
jitaku   # ekoatlantic   # luxuryservicedapartments   # travelluxe # everydayjoy   # eidmubarak   # happyeid url
my dad was present when i was born and when i lost my virginity ... on both occasions , he was forced to watch as i was pulled out from inside my mother while she screamed in agony
man ’s marriage proposal inside mcdonald ’s chicken sandwich is n’t well - received by girlfriend [ x - post /r / news ]
you create an a story & amp ; drastically changed it to a b story which aka you fucked up
rt @yoshortyma : i 'll kill this bitch no hesitation http://t.co/uxepa9lvi5
exactly even if it is done with malice who cares what someone says about you i am a bigger critic of my self than anyone else could ever be muh snowflakes do not like hate speech though fuggin queers
just like this one .
just another excuse to use his car .
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/09/11/fatal-child-hit-and-run-adams-county/
hot dogs or grilled chicken with brown rice and broccoli
gip main , 

 i am not missing the point here .
i understand the concept of sweat equity and risk .
i do not buy warren 's the argument that he is being treated harshly by tax rules that were set up for much smaller operations than his .
his business has matured with gross revenues probably in the range of $ 4 - 5 million annually ( i am assuming that his annual payroll for 125 employees averages $ 20,000 ) .
he is looking backwards rather than forwards .
it is time he changed his perspective and let go of the past .
his business is at risk if he does not .
not mentioned so far : 
 = hillary clinton worked on a valdez slime line for about a week one summer ,   then she was either fired or the place closed down .
she survived and probably got some insights .
= alaska is probably better off when these summer hires take their money and experiences and leave , rather than sticking around for the winter on unemployment and some forms of public assistance .
= my experience in a fairbanks staff hotel was that a disproportionate number of the bulgarians were jerks , or that the jerks were bulgarians .
smoking in prohibited areas and making noise .
that did not improve international relations one bit for people who had to be out around 5:30 am .
also many male asians in shorts using internet connections in the halls .
not much international interaction there either .
= like other experiences , it is pretty much what you want to make of it .
it helps massively to have your own transportation .
i drove up and used the ferry , and then claimed tax deduction .
is there any country that i can move to where there are no blacks or asians ?
wow !
you managed to write two whole lines without mentioning obama , hillary , or common core .
maybe you 're on the road to recovery !
minorities ?
eat shit cunt .
another surprising reason to # remin in the eu : the uk is more equal than most other nations in respect of diversity . #
stopbrexit # votelibdem url
ca n't tell you how much i relate to this .
a ton of my str8 identifying male friends have had sex with me , and none of them know it .
we 've all hung out together many times and they all think they 're the only one who " went there " with me .
it 's pretty hot .
thanks for posting , it 's nice to see someone else have this experience .
iq does not explain why asians love communism tho i think it just heir character and mentality ant people
yes 
 thankfully , canada has a real leader ........... instead of that boastful groper
what time do japs go to the dentist ?
tooth - hurty 

 ( this was my grandpa ’s favorite racist joke , he just passed away and i wanted to share it with everyone )
@realdonaldtrump better for mexico keep this migrant out of our borders .
usa right now is lauded of migrant so we know ds ndp radical communist snakes do n't give a sheet about that .
but the hard working people of this country care a 100 & .
enough is enough .
radical congress using migrant as poppet
what 's the difference between japan and al - qaeda ?
one uses mitsubishi   < number >   and the other uses boing < number >
he was one of the greatest men to ever draw breath on this planet .
i think it 's a law that when a pizza hut closes , it has to be turned into an asian food place ... 
 i wonder how many cats died ?
well here we have it a white european team against a latin american team .
we have done so well so far .
that a white team has come this far is being considered as incredible by some .
but since the next games are in germany2006 would n't it be wonderful if a northern european team won this ! ! !
already i have read about german superiority rascist remarks .
pamela leighas pallessen - scherehart
u can b a nigga or a bitch a dyke is da same thang we gone put dat iron on yo pussy ass
my apologies since the politicians on the island has been corrupted for decades and the gay community has never really been an issue i misunderstood the protest .
the island has been torn apart these passed few years i thought they were protesting to fix the island .
again my apologies if i affened anyone with my comment about the gay pride flag from my misunderstanding of the protest .
" rt @fobdhbot : pete was like " " yo , fuck you !
i can do whatever i want ! " " "
you look like you can fit at least three dicks in your mouth at once .
mentally retarded u ar .
👍 👍 u foreigners use only tissue paper to wipe off ur shits ass , u even do n't wash ur shits ass , what a fuck ? ?
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 but we indians use water to clean our shits ass properly and then wash our hands two times , understand , u foreigner fuckers .
+ richy rich that act made usa the worst terrorists the world has ever seen ... and it was actually the us embargos that instigated japans retaliation , and then there were the atrocities of racism against all asians which followed .
the older i get - the more i see the hidden swastika sewn into the american flag .
get robbed , the police do n't care 
 get mugged , the police do n't care 
 get raped , the police do n't care 
 say something offensive to some over - sensitive mentally deficient asshole - get jailed 
 speak the truth , spend years in exile in an embassy while the useless police sit outside
on the day of your birthday an accident happened .
you were born .
< user > < number > m dollars for immigrants lmao epic american win
here 's how to fix it all !
pack ! !
you have a problem , you see that country you came from , get with it dis ! !
you the terrorist you mean ? ?
because it is what i mean so take your prayer rugs , liberalism , quran , hadith , muhammed , allahs and find mecca !
what is the organization of the islamic conference doing ?
57 muslim countries 

 - 

 must christian west now fight buddhist burma to protect muslims ?
- 

 christians ( nato ) already fought christians ( serbians ) to protect muslims in bosnia and kosova 

 what thanks ?
- 

 now let muslims fight to protect muslims
disgusting whitewashed asian slut defends her decisions , complains about " yellow fever and shits on asian men
and canada ?
the last bastion of freedom and hope ?
it okay to be white it okay to be black it okay to be asian it okay to be a woman it okay to be a man it okay to be gay it okay to be straight it okay to be you but its never okay to hate blur
i believe the reason < user > is upset over the donald saying shit hole countries is because the zipperhead herself is from a shit hole country
remember the spot where cantlie stood in kobane to announce that isis had full control ?
it 's now in the hands of the kurds . #
mosul
how do you say “ autistic ” in chinese ?
dead .
pieces of disgust hope asian basketball players will form basketball league in america this gad damn monkeys are fckn sickening . !
< user > bless he a skinny white boy with glasses and a man bun should not be hard to narrow it down
dickhead @realdonaldtrump anyone who needs to say " i am the least racist person . "
multiple times , is racist to infinity and beyond .
you 're trash 's trash you idiotic buffoon .
you 're what they saw in birdbox when they take their blindfolds off .
what happens to class when your asian teacher gets a brain tumor ?
it gets cancered
himanshu purohit go and bend over and let the white man fuck you in the arse you fucking pussy .
the umpire can not be disrespected .
you are a typical inferior complex dipshit
let me go to bed nazi faggot maybe i can catch you off guard again tonight do not mute lol that will not help < user >
actually i agree with certain gatekeeping merely because in the dating world when someone says they are polyamorous i think it should be understood as something more personal and connected than " can fuck many people honestly at the same time " it is frustrating to think someone means they are poly and then it turns out they 're just nm .
i think pregnancy testing kits are brilliant .
< repeat > i wish more of the important questions in the world could be answered just by pissing on them .
i do believe we can declare miraculous things .
when i went to israel the first time in 2015 an older pastor stepped out in faith and declared a rainbow anointing over our small prayer group at the end of a prayer session in capernaum !
i actually was surprised and skeptical ...
< user > my ching chong dumb ass thought he was cutting dog meat
i 'm so fucking salty rn .
i need to find a way to counter 2k into grab .
idk why lk does n't work anymore it worked at evo t ~ t
watching the world explode 

 all - american dreams 
 of fireworks 
 over cottonwood trees 
 and me so small sipping soda 
 and her , smiling , holding my hand
hahaha , keep thinking that or are you being sarcastic ?
as a kid i really thought america was hollywood amp celebrities when in reality it ’ just bulletproof backpacks and legalized nazi behaviour
chapos sure love that tokenism as a shield .
1 brown guy sometimes .
1 woman sometimes .
covering those bases , but not in any real numbers ...
it okay to be white it okay to be black it okay to be asian it okay to be a woman it okay to be a man it okay to be gay it okay to be straight it okay to be you but its never okay to hate blur
chick filet is homophobic
@corybooker i do n't point this out to attack black people , i point it out because the democrats are ignoring the problems in their own cities .
you have blacks killing each other in record numbers , and the elected local officials are completely ignoring it .
a thought experiment : someone says " i have never read the bible , do not want to read it , i 've talked to one " christian " , says his group - theology only real deal all others " the great whore of babylon " and says i can become a god with my own planet , plural sealed wives ; no thanks .
url
fine then stick with a party who lied to get to office , has broken all their key campaign promises , allowed foreign speculators   to run our housing prices through the   atmosphere , punitive energy cost and massive debts that will take generations   to pay off .
yes the blow hart is looking better by the second ,
all songs by haley kiyoko and she 's really good , robyn is also a good artist , and ' i kissed a girl and i like it ' is probably the most well known one .
christine and the queens is pansexual and did a duet with charlie xcx who is part of gay culture ( do n't know their sexuality ) teagan and sara are also gay but i do n't know how good their music is , sia is bi ( i think ) and although none of her songs are directly about being gay , her music is really good
hahahhahaha i swear to god i can never catch a fucking break
why is the obesity rate so low in japan ?
the last time they saw a fat man , 80,000 people died .
black on dog violence on cat on turtle on fish on old on young on gay on tranny on spic on asian on white on black on etc
why are asians and computers similar ?
they both have a tendency to crash
what 's the most common symptom of germaphobia ?
mild racism
what ’s the worst part about asians giving blowjobs ?
when they bite your dick off because it tasted like dog
kids are on social media sites too early and too long .
china needs to slaughter the entire rh- lie bloodline and all that serves that bloodline .
that bloodline is mixed with the jew rh - blood and controls that country
< user > < user > < user > israel is the only democracy of m.e .
with right humans from where no one muslim is refugee in eu the iranians in eu refugees are milions and often are very professionale and high education around israel the others states sharia jadh < number > virgins < number > wives shahid and bullshits same
these two elements in your comment are quite baffling .
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves .
omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so .
then lock this worthless piece of shit up .
well , he could have if he 'd bothered to let the rest of the committee in on his little meeting .
and as the article said , nunes had to have permission and assistance from the white house in advance to get the room .
it 's time for an independent prosecutor and time for nunez to go , whether his party is calling for him to do so or not .
trump is as or more corrupt as any president ever .
go to china first .
then we 'll nuke it ... might as well get rid of * all * the trash .
i think it 's great .
it shows she does n't care about gender norms and is n't afraid to express herself .
yes i am in hongcouver , where chinese journalists even call it that - and oppose chines fraud , you stupid a- hole
you 're asexual because no woman would drop her standards so low .
fuck off you loser .
to this point : it is my feeling that folks would largely like to stay where they are , mostly , and it is violence & abuse of power which forces them to make impossible decisions , decisions most americans and probably all white americans literally can not fathom .
i agree .
just for the simple fact that i grew up in orlando fl .
it was a good place to live at one time .
but not any more .
the crime went up and is still on the rise .
the wind today is blowing much harder than it did any of the days i was in el paso , including the stupid turbulence - y flight in .
i am jewish so i may be a little biased here but i do feel that you are doing the right thing .
people in general should respect others of their relgious beleifs and even their spirtual ones .
if you leave mayonnaise out to long in the sun it stinks like wet dog or in the rain white people fear black people but they 're not afraid of lions tigers and bears obviously .
i make awesome double peanut butter cookies with peanut butter chips i have never heard of pistachio cream cheese i will have to look that up as far as women offering compliments i was bullied relentlessly by some ruthless bitches growing up
i think i may know this person ... it 's me and i ' m doing good !
this is some surprise .
wow .
check you pm 's !
talk to you soon .
purple haired dyke fascism please stop this meme
idk i feel awkward being a black girl on this bc : 1 ) all the thinspo are light girls which makes me wanna be lighter 2 ) i feel like i ca n't really relate to anyone 3 ) i feel alone 🥺
yeah , because we those guys had a hand in genocide .
which people did they annihilate ?
what a hypocritical statement by one who hates jews and other asians .
if racism hurts america than you are one of those hurting america .
> >   after all , 500 years ago there was very little or no culture in western or northern europe .
most of the culture was where it has always been from the dawn of civilization - asia , middle east , southern europe , etc .
.
history got it wrong i guess .
.
who would have guessed copernicus was an indian working in the middle east , and oxford ... was n't it that place where they build that useless tomb ?
size of the bimbo squad lmfao ... total iq 42 .
yepper .
the smart white kids have chosen finance and business as their way to get rich , leaving openings in the tech fields for some nerdy asian kids with a rudimentary grasp of the english language .
enablers like pot smoking feminist jt have encouraged these uppity brown skins to shoot higher than flipping burgers or working as part of a road repair crew .
what the heck though , asking the question ‘ want fries with your burger ? ’
is still honest work .
towel head ass
nigga andrew and x been telling me since like 11 ' everything 's for sale and legit everything is for sale you tell me a great number lol
guy hitting on me : : so where are you from ?
me : : you mean , what 's my race ?
guy : : yes .
me : : i am latina and asian american .
guy : : i could tell you were asian . (
the guy starts to pull his eyes back and smiles . )
ca nt wait for my foreign friends to get married so i can do cultural appropriation without getting in trouble
maybe they should import millions more immigrants to drive wages down and increase their tax burdens ?
you proved his point , though .
citizenship depends on parents ' nationality in sweden , whereas in america citizenship is given to whoever is born on american territory .
bwahahaaa .
this solderholm clown is claiming all electric cars batteries but the ones in the one he 's selling are inherently dangerous .
what a joke .
and he 's ripping off people selling a car that should be in the $ 35k range for nearly $ 60k .
braddah should be ashamed of himself .
i have absolutely nothing against chinese made cars but this clown is trying to discount all other manufacturers with bogus claims .
let 's hope he goes out of business stat .
we need to make some remakes of old films and replace classical music with rap music and be sure and have black men making love to white women cause that will get all the black men to come and watch the ghetto movies
women giving out free sex toys to close the orgasm gap • r / feminism
brown woman says hi .. i hope that 's cool with you 😂
hobby chicken ranchers are to blame for the cub killed ( one of three ) .
and they will be responsible for the next .
and the next .
god , the danzl 's portray themselves as the shuttered humans in the night of the living dead !
it is not hard to live with bears .
just do n't attract them .
its that easy .
that the troopers are cautious encourages me .
no guys this based chinaman billionaire is going to make america great again
the " patriarchal " interpretation of the tob is manifested by viewing man and woman as gender stereotypes based on bodily anatomy , rather than viewing man and woman   as integral personal subjects .
this kind of misinterpretation of the tob has been widely disseminated , in recent times , as a way to rationalize traditional patriarchal practices such as the exclusively male priesthood , which was based on ancient gender theory ( the idea that " women are defective males , " as in aristotle and aquinas ) .
the same applies to " love and responsibility , " which is even more focused on responsible parenthood and was never intended to cover the entire sacramental life of the church , including holy orders .
what 's the main struggle of being half asian and half black ?
when you 're trying to steal someones car you ca n't even back it out of their driveway .
you know those fb sex memes and quotes the ghetto lit rally the ghetto
rbc ?
not likely .
we should put your cast on a scale !
just then , a giant racist cowboy with a mouth full of tobacco burst in the door , knocking xir over , proclaiming , " i hates wimmins , minorities , muslims , and especially , educated smart immigrants , and so does my favorite president !
yee haw ! ! ! "
i stood up , put my hands on my hips , and loudly and bravely said , " hate has no home here .
in this house , we believe in science , that no human being is illegal , and that black lives matter . "
the rest of my transgender family loudly applauded until the cowboy racistly fled from the house .
the name of that transgender family ?
albert " anne frank " einstein .
that 's nonsense .
she does say she is bisexual .
but a heterosexual person is not unable to be faithful to a spouse because they desire the opposite sex .
why would being bisexual " strongly imply " she must be unfaithful ?
as i suspected , you just made an assumption , then used this flimsy assumption to draw a conclusion .
in fact , every part of your argument is just terrible !
let 's see : 
 1 ) you assume a bisexual person ca n't be faithful in a marriage .
this is false .
2 ) you assume that a person unfaithful in marriage ca n't be " faithful " with political agreements .
also false .
really , i am baffled you could put those words to screen .
it 's funny how smiling gives people good vibes when we 're literally exposing our inner flesh and skeleton .
yeah that really cool and all but it turns out women niggers spics jews arabs asians and boomers also vote
sleeping on joshs side of the bed tonight .. kinda tricks me into thinking he 's next to me bc it smells like him & # 128554 ;
white americans and white europeons have too few children .
what does society and a banana have in common 


 the less brown , the better
president g. w. bush did not - - repeat not - - falter in his efforts to prevent another islamic terror attack on our homeland .
by way of sharp contrast , under whose watch do you suppose the following islamic terror attacks on our homeland took place , hmmmmm ?
little rock , 
 detroit , 
 fort hood , 
 times square , 
 boston , 
 chattanooga , 
 san bernadino , 
 orlando , 
 st. cloud , 
 oak harbor , 
 fort lauderdale 

 try as you might you will not be able to sweep the mountain of obama ’s hate - america [ scatological term redacted ] under the rug .
i would like to know on what planet some retarded girly man with diseased teeth is supposed to be handsome
dude do n't enter bollywood it 's bad place to be in.btw you just earned one rajasthan fan .
why are the japanese so skinny ?
it did n't end very well for them the last time a fat man was in their country .
@bhytes1 @gillette trans men are men , and trans women are women , and the unconditional love between parent and child is unconditional .
love .
🌍 🌈 ❤
what happens when you make an asian girl squirt she charges you 10 cents for extra sauce
< user > yeah but would you kill all the interns
why are they calling muzzrats asians disingenuous as hell
all of that is collateral damage of the great white genocide and we 're paying the price in many forms : our people loose unity , turn to alcohol or loneliness , stress and being unhappy etc ..
i utterly want to vomit after watching this disgusting pro invasion of white countries ad .
it called hijrah islamic migration for the sole purpose of spreading islam
i do nt know whether to welcome you or laugh at you .
that 's why i hate working on school days ... be fucking up my schedule
i taught myself html when i was 13 , and if anyone had told me a ) coding / programming was what " computer science " was or ...
turn ally pally into a gay commune imo
this nigga @mygodraf has no iq this fucking sucks
happy to see that the new twitter trend is roasting sapiosexuals bc my straight mormon roommate claimed that shit all the time and as a queer woman who actually faced discrimination for my sexuality i hated it and also she was a bitch
dickhead @realdonaldtrump anyone who needs to say " i am the least racist person . "
multiple times , is racist to infinity and beyond .
you 're trash 's trash you idiotic buffoon .
you 're what they saw in birdbox when they take their blindfolds off .
let those fuck face cock sucking cunt get called as mass murderer .
they will be remembered for killing innocent ciitzens .
their punishment will be their wives raped .
or probably their daughter
no kejriwal , that 's not what we mean when we say , ' women should be able to roam free ' !
url
all so the sand niggers can rape have free tome to rape and steal from you and do not even get me started on the dc theft
go to hell you digital spic .
if i stopped at a shady ass motel in the middle of the night & amp ; the owner told me he does taxidermy i 'd get the fuck outta there # batesmotel
< user > < user > they kill all the women and rape all the horses
yes they .
you took away christian beliefs and freedoms cuz it hurt your fuckin feelings .
now you just want to stomp out freedom of religion and speech at the same time protesting for nothing
we need tokuda of governor or mayor .
need to make all lawmakers accountable and require them to be available to comment .
those sorry ass , dumb f**k asian senate leader has no balls to comment .
i noticed most of these asian crooks always decline comment or are not available .
many of them ca n't speak well in public anyway , all they are good for is using their ethnicity to gain the old boy network votes .
wearing their stupid looking tucked in aloha shirt .
de al cruz same thing , weak sh*t .
people need to somehow get together and start protesting or something .
ca n't keep letting these   arrogant di*ks get away with all this bs .
all while our " wonderful " poor speaking gov sits on the side with his fricken leis and that pathetic grin doing nothing for the average resident .
damn with how reddit fags act morally superior to all i kinda doubt that
morneau is a bumbling idiot - almost as pathetic as junior .
they just close their eyes to chinese money laundering .
where the hell is the cra and fintrac - pathetic all of them .
stop giving away our country to the lowlives from china .
markham is a pigsty - all chinese and the police do n't even crack down on the careless drivers - yes all chinese but funny when they crash into each other .
so i work , pay taxes and get screwed .
meanwhile jimmy lee moneylaunder , pays no taxes , causes multiple car accidents because he ca n't drive but has a mercedes and has 10 empty house .
disgusting - thanks junior - you suck and have a speech problem .
try learning mandarin , you may fare better as your english sucks .
which filth do u mean the niggers jews spics chinks street shitting dotheads rag head camel fuckers gooks flips kikes slants or fags u can not swing a dead niglet these days without hitting some filth 😡
denby , do you or anyone at cb understand finance and economics ?
take obamacare , for example .
it is basically a wet blanket on economic growth .
small business is generally responsible for most employment in this country .
they 're not growing or expanding largely because of it .
if they reach a 50 employee level , or if employees work more than 30 hours a week , they 're required to buy the " one size fits all " health plans , which are very expensive .
you may not realize it , but most small businesses struggle to hit 5 cents on the dollar on the bottom - line , and it 's before the owner gets paid .
on a nafta matter , do you know that obama allowed mexican truck drivers to drive products from mexico all the way to final destination in the us ?
do you realize its consequences ?
american truck drivers were suddenly without jobs .
do you also realize that mexico slaps a 16 % vat on all products from the us into mexico ?
the us has no reciprocal tax .
fair ?
cover these issues .
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide .
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white .
rt @yoshortyma : i 'll kill this bitch no hesitation http://t.co/uxepa9lvi5
those asian genetics
unix logins are restricted to 8 characters , darling .
freebsd uses svn , not git .
i believe svn history is imported to github .
no idea why coca cola would enter into a re - franchising agreement unless whomever was running the portland operation was screwing up somehow with respect to this market .
bob , thank you so very much for your kindness and concern .
yes , the catholic church could take a more proactive approach to these matters .
i wish that the church would really take this seriously .
if they did , they would have put an end to the problem years ago .
< user > some people are just retarded like that
@powerz z suck a bag full of white dicks
somewhere in gorilla position , vince is now cussing up a blue storm because shane just chucked the commentators ' scripts . #
wrestlemania # wwe
canada keeps receiving garbage from that philippines in the form of people trying to immigrate here .
send the trash back ! ! ! !
trump is right .
we need a deportation force and throw a few million of them out .
and then build a wall so they ca n't get back in .
then they can be happy in their brown shitholes without having to live among the white men they hate so much .
it be so good to not got ta woyke in da moanin .
i da only colored dat woyke cuz colored folk be lazy and lives off da white guilt
omg woman .
have you been there ?
angriest people in the state if you try and enforce simple common sense and rules .
you know , like the story refers to .
yes , i call us " hispanic . "
i mark the caucasian , hispanic , and sometimes native american box if i 'm feeling saucy .
in new mexico spanish culture is pretty dominant so even my white - ass dad says " bueno " when he answers the phone and cooks good food .
my mom 's mom took care of me and my cousins when we were kids so even though i 'm technically half white and half hispanic , i identify more with the hispanic new mexican side .
i wrote replies to another commerter if you want to read those .
all the democrats have is resist .
i 've never read about the aesthetics of rail .
do the supporters really believe rail is a plus in the eyes of locals and tourists alike ?
when you think of oahu ,   do you think of sun , surf , sand , hula , music , and ..... elevated rail ! !
and just wait until the rail is named ......... don't act surprised .
stop tweeting hate to ashton .
he 's allowed to have a bad day or be in a bad mood .
he ca n't have sunshine shooting out of his ass everyday .
< user > karen mcgregor ran a childrens home in rotherham where she sold under age white girls to the local pakis she just so happened to be invited to westminister when labour were still in power she seems to know a lot of labour mp labour supporting celebrities
perhaps denver could start by getting the illegal aliens off the road .
disgusting ass india country .
i can not believe we let these dot head into our country
but the one from st. louis is ok with you , never mind that she is an american too ?
siri correction to my post : it should have read " to get this to become marginally acceptable … "
dis shiet be racist af !
now a days how many will bitch and moan if they had that power back because it would require great responsibility and hard work
we need to send them back to their government
white supremacists are already enlisted , for a chance to kill brown people for ideological reasons .
not only is that horrifying in and of itself , but that evil always eventually comes back home to roost .
url
this desire to be considered queer just to not be criticized by the queer community is dangerous .
def co - opting & amp ; def lacking respect
some faggot reported my avi on twitter the same as i have here i wish the main people i follow on twitter were on gab so i could abandon that shitty site
the ndp are being somewhat hypocritical with this issue .
to say one thing , but then to have the premier continue with cash for access fundraisers , leaves a bad taste in voters ' mouths .
the new legislation will only be made retroactive if the ndp feel the liberals have raised more money since the election .
no wonder they are rushing to organize more fundraisers .
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
good idea to release that info just on general principals but do not kid yourself fam detroit ghetto ain t giving up on john conyers they will re elect that old dope for as long as he wants to run good to have conyers around as example of dem corruption for propaganda purposes tho
any incels out there fucked over by their mother 's genes
the minute it rains , snows or whenever the weather is n't sunny , people drive like idiots
even whites hate whites in fact to not hate yourself if you are white and to think you have a right to exist is white supremacy in the current year so it just objectively true
< user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong criminals just had audible chatter in < number > wellington circle cavinder bull visited < number > marsiling lane singapore some time back showing family photos and giving false information
tho le president 🇺 🇸 trump has delivered 2.1 % asian unemployment while demonrats discriminate against asians in college admissions .
hot girl lives chat with boobs show .
let 's play with her right here url url porn # memes # like # sex # meme # sexy # love # follow # funny # gay # fortnite # hot # dankmemes # funnymemes # dank # minecraft # ass # tiktok # lol # anime # cancer # edgy url
let the jews enslave the sandniggers let them build their jewtopia in the middle east put all jews in middle east remove niggs and put them in africa boom problem solved then we open the can of worms for asians
this is ridiculous the only one that said something racist in all this was one of those lovely women in the squad ( really are they in a comic book ) .
shall i repeat it those that are brown need to show a brown face those that are need to show a black face those that are muslim should show a muslim gace .... how about those that are american should show they are american and for america and its laws values beliefs and traditions ....... if you do nt are you really an american ..
< user > but if a white person is singing a song that says nigga in it people get mad why is not this the same with faggot or bitch etc because the n word is used differently than other words it because in context nigga is the exception not the rule
so this is the bigot channel .
uneducated morons .
just like the youth in america you whine about , you are the problem .
you have no respect for anyone .
truly classless trash .
your hillbilly folk must be proud .
while i disagree with your take on brown / blackface , i appreciate that you make the effort to be sensitive to the minorities .
there are many things that we can disagree on , on the basis of religion , race , personal beliefs amongst other but being observant and making an effort to make others feel comfortable is what truly makes a gracious and multi cultural society
it 's so sad about dave , he 's always been that way .
let 's pray for him it 's never too late to mend your evil ways .
really ?
perhaps he 's a personal trainer and simply confused the term .
there 's clearly no science in that one .
fornication god says is wrong all the people that think i m mean take it up with god jesus he 'll make a way for you
so now all the refugees in europe can now go home oh wait you mean they are not going hm
again you are an idiot , the chinese are building coal faster than ever .
playing the west for fools , , our green ca nt exist without huge tax subs and force of law , scam deals like the gea in ontario , and idiots like you have fallen for it
she a dyke and i am a femme it a synonym
we have to get back to our countries being for our race , the same as every other race 's country is for them .
there 's a reason why the us has n't got rid of the cartels just like it has n't got rid of " isis " because it 's good for business .
meanwhile all you dumbass racists are gladly going to allow the government to stick their hand in your pocket to pay for " the wall " because you believe the hysteria they feed you on shows like this lol   fox news , cnn , jre all the same now .
elton john was right when he sang , ' sorry seems to be the hardest word ' , especially if you are asian .
it makes a strong argument anybody guess whether it is a kike or a chink
doe anyone really believe that the money produced   would not be wasted on politically beneficial projects rather than the good of this country .
< user > you forgot to mention illegal muslim refugee
a company is working on making bullets that plant flowers from the shell casings ... this is good news because now inner city schools can finally have gardens
you can have chickens in your back yard here in town in kalispell .
yes , i know republicans .
most of them are racists .
they believe things like welfare mothers , gang members and drug users are all black or brown .
that blacks are lazy , asians are smart , white people were meant to rule .
that has been my experience .
not to nitpick , but how is judaism included as one of the three " great " monotheisms ?
presumably christianity and islam made the cut due to number of followers ( combined they account , at least nominally )   for half of the population of earth .
at around 20,000,000 followers only , judaism is far behind and is not even the 3rd ranked monotheism .
sikhs outnumber jews , and some sects of hinduism are arguably monotheistic .
north korea 's " leader cult " numbers about the same number of followers of judaism and by " strength of faith " probably beats all religions ( north koreans have to believe in the leader ... or else ) .
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
i am turning down the opportunity to go to a halloween party because i hate degeneracy 
 remember , that christ teaches us ' whoever wants to save his life shall lose it , but whoever loses their life in me shall find it '
thanks for this .
i 'm trans , and the difficulties of being that do n't really revolve around what i do in the bedroom , but how i 'm treated by people on a daily basis in society .
< user > progressives socialists democrats know their only way to stay in power is through illegal aliens americans know they do not care about us
wow , ' waycist ' to expect an immigrant to speak the langauge ? ? ?
does it then mean it is discriminatory to state in a job advertisement that the person must require the english language to be accepted for the job ?
the world looks at the west and laughs so hard ...
interestingly i saw an article bemoaning the fact that the smarter a white person is the more likely he is to be racist so i am sure our average iq is higher than that of our race generally so we have a higher proportion of super smart as well
yet what they are really worried about is who speaks at the school ?
just the demolition of the democratic party hijacked in the 1970/80s by the old south solution to losing elections by moving further to the right to accommodate the ruling elite .
led by the fundamentalist christian , jimmy carter , continued by bill clinton and a host of congressional south senators and representatives to cater to the wall street corporate oligarchy through continuing the deregulation of the entire economy .
deregulation leading to massive transfers of wealth to the wealthy paper - hanging wall street elite ; massive transfer of jobs to foreign , cheap labor lands ; changing the banking rules to allow junk bonds and llcs to protect corporations from any real liability or criminal prosecution for criminal economic actions .
the list goes on as the protection built into the system in the great depression were jettisoned for the ayn rand fictional free market looting of the world .
disgusting .
you 're a funny guy !
do you do stand - up comedy as a side job ?
cute girly fantasy football team names jnr college lesbians glee gay guy
it why i always advocate so strongly for following nonwhite people queer people disabled people on social media reading listening hearing us talk about what important to us which sometimes will be identity related sometimes not hearing what our daily lives are like
apparently none of them realize that thousands of latinos , blacks , asians , lgbt 's , and other minorities , including more tha 50 % of the women voted for trump .
poor little snowflakes , luckily it 's cold outside or they would melt .
but hey spring will be here soon enough .
thank you for your commitment to free speech as twitter regs tighten more refugees from that cursed hellhole will find a home here
presidential advisor :   “ mr. trump !
mr. trump !
you really need to see this washington post ad on honolulu ’s rail project ! ”
president trump :   what ’s the big deal ?
presidential advisor :   “ it ’s waaaaay overbudget and being run by complete morons .
some believe it will send the county into bankruptcy and it also jeopardizes the grossly underfunded employee retirement system ! ”
president trump :    did they vote for me in the last election ?
presidential advisor :   “ only the smart ones did .
the rest voted for the same democrats , many of whom have sold out the taxpayers for job security and their own vested interests . ”
president trump :    let it burn .
what do you call interracial marriage ?
beauty and the beast .
i knew i forgot something when i went to the grocery store today ...... it was those damn dinosaur chicken nuggets & # 128528 ;
yea i agree .
for straight people it may seem a bit much , but for people of the community it feels like the best thing you could imagine , knowing that other people are like you i see how as a straight it may be a bit annoying tho :(
http://nypost.com/2016/09/01/tax-dollars-went-toward-clinton-foundation-email-server-report/
what happens when you elect ghetto girls
amazon !
the issues she ( merl streep ) raised , and the sentiments that she so eloquently and courageously expressed , need to be said , again and again and again .
--------------------------------- 
 indubitably .
merl streep stood up for a dsiabled guyand for that i congratulate her .
but merl streep never stood up for the tens of millions of americans unable to afford to take their family to a movie and for that i can flagellate her .
who hurt you ?
lol .
it 's comical how stupid and angry you people are .
meh amurica .
my land .
mine .
bang bang guns .
no brown people .
wahh .
i will identify the culprit based on your last post the white nationalists are to blame for the white genocide in south africa get all over that shit
what s tougher than a white man roaming the streets of compton .... a dog roaming the streets of china
i went to a korean restaurant with my dog earlier .
< repeat > then a waiter came over to me and said , " hi , can i take your border ? "
1 9 3 0 sgermany geneticjews controlled white germany via violating antitrustlaw 2 1 st century whit eusa controlled by genetic kikes enablers buffett who s white gives billions to filthy kike gates not for profit ; & traito rcongress enem ysupremecourt who refuse to enforce antitrust law
@amandavanstone @yetanotherrando @janecaro @martin_bonobo @macprint61 how many have been described as ending in tears ?
it 's a shame amanda , you 'd be a real asset if your eyes were open to the insidiousness of misogyny .
< user > < user > ching chong < number >
zog agents attacking islam let islam take down zog
green bay is a team to be feared now .
they have won 7 straight , and only one of those games was close late in the 4th .
what has struck me most about their run is that , excluding some penalties , they have played essentially error free .
both green bay and pittsburgh are capable of winning next week .
for that matter , so is seattle .
three underdogs .
new england , on the other hand , has basically got a bye to the afc championship .
hits the g - spot and tickles the iud string rt @mslafittetweets fellas rt and tell us what makes your dick so special ...
another gay hispanic , so usual .
fuck off and die .
you know ull get in due to aa , so suck my small chinese cock .
ah yes the pseudo penis estrus rite of swinging wildly while some marxist racist white bitch teacher stands in the middle dance nicely caught on an african safari the cameraman must have set up for days behind a blind to catch that shot
a server at a restaraunt got fired for leaving a load in the dishwasher .
the dishwasher was fired too .
👉 😎 👉
you ai n't very traditional if you 're sticking up for sodomites ...
just tell the cops they 're not allowed to interact with black people in any way .
just enforce the law with whites , asians , mexicans , the rest .
< user > < user > hear u really are retarded
good riddance .
i hope she loves her newfound civil rights .
< user > i was suspended for so called violence which was a rt about eichenwald gif assault but they let blm terror accounts stay up with no problems
how do you blindfold a chinese person ?
dental floss .
it is a ridiculous arguement to bundle all ' visible ' minorities in a bunch and credit them to vote for the liberals as a sheep .
we have had ' visible ' minorities now since 1968 onwards , and that is 2 generations home grown .
by and large , these think different than their parents and have their own opinion .
i , am a south asian ' visible ' minority and have never been enamoured by the liberals , though ever grateful to trudeau elder for opening up canada to folks like us .
all along , while i have always felt that ndp has been canada 's conscience and harbringer of the best of our values , including our healthcare , i have found it as without a stiff back , when standing up to our heritage of secularism , love of logic , arguement and above all a sense of decency , which as an immigrant of over 40 + years , i find increasingly corroding in the name of multiculturism .
it is high time that canada assert to what values it stands for , and immigrants accept it or go elsewhere .
this is what i think .
thank you
“ let ’s agree to disagree . ”
translation : you ’re so painfully wrong on every conceivable level that i just need you to shut up now .
i just can not trust nobody that on some my aesthetic is preferred you are aesthetic is considered disgusting but promise i am just tryna help she needa be exiled faux niggers
is shorting twitter a better investment than # bitcoin # projectveritas
all the democrats have is resist .
what does luke skywalker call his fuck partner princess leia
either the liberal party is lying or the chinese organizations and hosts are skimming a few thousand per guest off the top for themselves .
this demonstrates that there is a lot of dishonesty afoot .
this needs to be investigated by the rcmp .
if the chinese are skimming , it shows how naive and foolish trudeau is to trust them , and that he is not fit to be pm .
butts and company are taking us down the same shady path that the ontario liberals took .
@multifacettrash men are trash
detective jeff payne was in the wrong .. he attacked her while she was trying to tell him she refused to allow blood to be drawn from an unconscious patient after a car crash .
the police behavior was off the charts .
i applaud her protecting the patients rights ..
anybody notice anything strange on gab like some muslims or people of color remember we are listed as the alt right site the all white site nothing against spanish italians etc free country just pointing it out gabfam
fuck u bitch
i never had a chance 
 never had a chance to live life , suffering is all i know
and mass deportations are the way to solve america being overpopulated !
anyone else instantly dislike a girl who reminds them of their mother ?
although i had heard of this link before , tonight was the first time i checked it out : new nation news - black - on - white crime it 's pretty much a site that mirrors this thread .
when i get married i want my wedding to be like the one off crazy rich asians
the left just got caught in their own trap they promote islam and inter racial marriage mudsharks etc now they want to eliminate freedom of association and not mix it up you can not fix stupid
i 'm actually sick of people telling me what i should and should n't do , like i 'll fucking do what i like when i like&#128580 ;
why must you point out that she is a " japanese of the past ? "
your comments are hypocritical , ignorant , and full of hate .
i suggest therapy .
no excuse for us not to offer refugee status to white refugees in south africa
are you the one with the tipis or the one with the slurpees ?
without receiving holy communion , do you mean ?
there 's opinions and there 's lies .
shannyn probably knows the difference but chooses to lie .
trump never said all mexican 's are drug dealers and rapists .
he said he wants to throw out the one 's who are .
and there are many of them .
should n't every american , except liberals , want them removed from our country to keep us all safer ?
trump was correct to set the record straight concerning miss universe .
she signed a contract agreeing to stay in beauty contestant shape for the year she held that position .
she did n't and was fired for being too fat .
she wanted the perks that came with winning but not the duties .
democrats run a false tv ad showing young girls looking in the mirror with frowns on their faces with trump 's dubbed in voice saying they all looked ugly as though he was talking about them .
a total lie .
when he sympathized with inner city blacks saying they were living in hell democrats claimed he was knocking them when he wanted to help them .
why do democrats lie so much ?
disgusting ass india country .
i can not believe we let these dot head into our country
where are you parked ?
another example of whatʻs wrong with media and journalism , did anybody notice that the headline reads , " vp pence leaves nfl game " and yet there is not one mention nor reference of pence in the article .... ? ? ? ?
i knelt in front of the tv before the game then i changed the channel .
what is nauseating ?
that a bishop acts like christ would ?
jesus reached out to those whom the ' prim - and - proper ' righteous jewish hierarchy [ and their sycophants , the scribes and pharisees ] condemned .
we have the same situation in our church today .
we 've had popes , curia members , cardinals , arch / bishops , clergy and laity --- condemn without listening to the lgbt catholics and community at large .
it is the task of the catholic hierarchy to " build a bridge " to this community and meet it half - way .
they failed to do so .
fr .
martin does it , both in his book building a bridge and in his presentations --- and he is not only condemned , but vilified --- by so - called catholics .
go build a toilet or two for your street shitting brethren and whilst at it take a shower too you smelly shitskin scum
you ’ re ghetto stfu 😂
i 'm struggling to see the ' liberal ' in importing millions of committed religionists against the general will of your electorate .
hoes that eat loudly will be yeeted loudly
not absurd , but sad , that truly a handful of reform wingnuts and harper did destroy the conservative party during the lost decade .
but then , communist chinese scum and 50 cent posters all know what dictatorships are capable of destroying do n't they ?
it 's actually global cooling as it has n't been global warming since 1998 which is why they rebranded it to the more generic climate change so they 'd win either way .
do yоu mind if i сomе in hеrе ? [
removed ]
@fatnhappy44 @lacie4_2 @motherjones @aoc leave , then .
go .
claim some uninhabited island far away from here and found the corporate - run , theocratic white ethno - state you guys have openly wanted for decades .
leave us alone and have the country you really want .
people with talent something you paki street shitters lack
they 're taking drugs so strong that they can pretend that thang is fe - male . ;
-8)b
dougie , the first large scale genocide in the modern world was committed by the muslim turks against the christian armenians in 1915 over 1.8 million murdered .
armenia was the first nation in the world to accept the christian faith .
turkey and the muslim world refuse to admit to these terrible crimes .
present leader of turkey makes it a crime to mention the armenian genocide .
just imagine if modern day germany would do that regarding the holocaust .
the narrative is this pushed by dougie and friend west and christians bad   and muslim victims .
this narrative is pushed daily buy the globe and the media in general .
lets have a discussion regarding the armenian genocide and putting pressure on turkey to act more civilized regarding this issue .
< user > < user > it at my house but you can pull it out of my dead white girl wasted hands
" kill chad " is this a holocaust denier class for incels ?
either he is telling you the truth or you might be a fag hag , especially since you said this has happened before with an ex .. it 's a risk you take dating feminine men .
if you really want to find out .
check grindr , find the account that 's closest to you .
favourite him .
then while away from the house , so he ca n't see the location is near him , catfish him with some random guys pictures on reddit .
try r / gonewild , tons of guys post full body , but make sure there is no head in the picture ( it 's a grindr thing ) .
wait to see response .
@radiofreetom some women of color say the dumbest shit every day .
like you @aoc
my teacher always tells us " be specific and explicit " he learnt from life .
his wife karen told himself in bed"eat me " .
r.i.p karen .
why is the indian military nicknamed the ss ?
because they 're all street shitters
time for an ethnic cleansing
donald j. trump‏verified account @realdonaldtrump   8h8 hours ago 
  a great day at the white house !
enjoy those great days at the wh while you can mr. trump , and do n't let the door hit you when you leave .
what do you call interracial marriage ?
beauty and the beast .
white supremacy is so mentally poisonous that a victim of it like < user > can dismiss it still irrationally focus on immigrants as a threat
45 and his administration love to see black and brown people in cages .
👿 👿 👿 but they call themselves christians 😱
what 's the difference between the child who was walking down my street and isaac newton ?
isaac newton died a virgin .
god is not the creator ?
or the redeemer ?
use of sex - specific words to refer to god is both right and wrong .
god is both male and female or neither male nor female -- either is correct .
you can afford to be in denial .
it 's unlikely some drunk redneck with a grudge will come up and shoot you for looking " foreign " ( as ' foreignness ' is perceived by white supremacist americans ) .
and that this was a case of ' mistaken identity ' because -- judging from the victims ' names , national origins and relatives ' modes of dress -- they were south asian hindus rather than " middle eastern " muslims does n't really change anything for the guy this idiot murdered .
some of us , however , ca n't afford the luxury of denial .
i damned sure wo n't turn my back on you , if i can help it ...
they all are and that 's why they claim to need " protection " from judgement and punishment for their perversion .
imagine certain people being so hated and repulsive that they have to make laws to prevent people from hating them .
my grandpa keeps asking me when i am going back to visit his conservative hometown < sad > the harassment was bad with my big hair and now that i am visibly read as queer bc short hair 🥴 🥴 🥴 🥴
i have never really cared for < user > ‍ but i < number > disavow the doxxing of him you can laugh at him call him a retard for being wrong about everything make fun of his stuttering etc but the second you dox someone you cross a serious line
i 'm just happy they have n't tried to cast blacks , asians , or some other races like hollywood 's treatment of thor .
wait wut subaru is a lesbian car
minorities ?
eat shit cunt .
< user > if you are reading this you are a faggot i am just memeing and a bit bored
# mondaymotivaton # blog : diversity initiatives must do more to include people with disabilities .
conversations about # diversity & # inclusion often focus on gender , race and sexuality and too often neglect # disability .
so what steps can workplaces take ?
➡ ️url url
one word not mentioned a single time :   latino .
latinos are the largest single ethnic group in federal way at nearly 20 % .
not only more than korean , but all asians combined .
sad to see us completely ignored , again .
but that is the federal way .
1 .
i am bisexual .
2 .
many of the artists , producers , graphics designers , videographers , ect .
that i support are lgbtq+ , not to mention all my friends .
3 .
good luck booking that stage you speak of .
url
you do use toilet paper , do n't you .
that 's a chinese invention so you can deal with your crap .
or perhaps you use your index finger .
what ’s the worst part about asians giving blowjobs ?
when they bite your dick off because it tasted like dog
ah yes the great poem that invites every 3 rd world shitskin to come to our shores
mpd is celebrating the @capitalpridedc parade with members of the community 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 ✨ we stand behind the lgbtq community & wish everyone a safe and enjoyable dc pride weekend ✨ # dcpolice # heretohelp # communityfirst # pridemonth # capitalpride # capitalprideparade url
united has redefined " chinese take out " .
also the conflation of immigrants with minorities is misguided it something the right does that the left should avoid
> but in the next generations , this will no longer be the case - young children are now being taught that they can choose if they want to be a boy or a girl or a non - binary theybie or whatever they want to be .
they are being taught that anyone can be a man or a woman .
it is now a self - declared label .
and it is becoming utterly meaningless .
women are impregnating men , and men are giving birth .
female children will no longer be taught that they will grow up to be women .
i ca n't wait !
it sounds amazing !
i am interested in establishing an all white nation no jews no blacks no wetbacks no asians
" women do n't care if you 're a virgin "
do n't forget to catch us tomorrow for the last workplace challenge on @964thewave with @badgersupdate
white girls can not dance like ghetto whoes there fixed it
beautiful women
< user > can i share your tweet with the uyghur muslim brothers in china or with brothers from the ahmeddiya community
" alyssa had one martini & amp ; we 're walking to the car & amp ; she says " " i 'm not gon na lie i 'm kinda tipsy , it 's alright though i 'm good to drink " " "
today your gay bae became a licensed cosmetologist in the state of nevada! 🥰 💯 🙌 🏾 thanks god. 🙏 🏾 # blessed url
that the only kid that ant balck ass fuck plus i bet his older son do n't support all the gay shit smh
kkk had white privileges
oh damn juan w. on the five , so switching 2 cavuto .
i hate juan , he 's moronic & amp ; never says anything that he has n't heard a dem say .
@vibehi the media has radicalized people to the point of insanity .
a guy lit himself on fire last week .
these are the radicalized people people cnn was happy to turn loose on a black american day laborer for making a silly meme .
this is exactly what they want .
< user > people who are responding to this tweet are retarded he was < number > they all say stupid things give them hell winnington
north korea is by far the greatest threat to global stability today .
if this piece is n't enough to make you believe that , then read this from the nyt : 

 https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/04/world/asia/north-korea-missile-program-sabotage.html?_r=0 

 the north koreans hired a bunch of unemployed russian missile scientists in the 90s .
that is why their program has progressed so far , so quickly .
the chinese government has propped up the north korean regime , despite its open nuclear ambitions and constant threats of using them .
it is time we drew the line with the chinese on north korea and many other global trouble spots .
trump is an ignorant fool and he has surrounded himself with warmonger zealots .
i would n't be planning any travel to anywhere near korea in the next couple of years .
like trump said go back to ur own country please ! ! ! ! !
obviously not ideal result but a point in the end is better than no points .
beat west ham on we d night & amp ; be back to winning ways . #
arsenal
fuck they banned me on r / mgtow to 
 u incels were right ; i m welcomed nowhere but here
you need a wife .
as a black american i can firmly see that liberal democrats and their minions are taking direct aim at the true target of their quest to erase their questionable history , the american civil war .
with the american civil war on our historical books people will and are beginning to ask a lot of questions that will identify the true past of the democratic party .
why did we have the war ?
who was on what side ?
was slavery an issue ?
what political party established a vigilante group and voted for the jim crow laws to instill the southern way of life that was vanquished and force its will on the republicans and later the freed slaves ?
what was the chicago platform ?
what party did abraham lincoln belong to ?
why did booth shoot lincoln ?
questions that arise from this war all point to an era the democrats want to hide .
the democratic party , founded by andrew " trail of tears " jackson , wants everyone to think that their party pioneered civil rights and emerged in the 1960 's .
they did not .
< number > mass shootings this year and not one committed by a black man or an illegal alien let that sink in
re : total cr@p ?
wrong .
it 's more like ' total nightmare ' .
how do i know so ?
the last part of my military career was spent working up scenarios and driving exercises for state area commands ( starcs ) , i.e. , state national guard adjutants general and their staffs , on how to prepare for national emergencies — think gulf wars — and natural disasters — think katrinas .
i fucking forgot my glasses at the ramen place :')
regarding public safety : there 's a lot of things we could do to promote public safety .
we could ban alcohol , motorcycles , or high heels .
that does n't mean we should .
and i 'd say a restriction on a clothing choice is a huge overstep , especially when niqab - wearing individuals have n't demonstrated themselves to be particularly threatening to public safety .
regarding access to government services : is there some pervasive practice of niqab - based fraudulent access to government services i have n't heard about that we need to be cracking down on ? ?
you really have to grasp at straws to find a principled justification for this .
how can anyone in their right mind just go into random places & murder innocent ppl ... i 'm rlly disturbed & it makes me scared for everyone i love bc u can literally get murdered anywhere for no reason smh white supremacists have so much hate in their heart it 's literally so sad .
good verse , but i like 13 better .
i pray it every day .
also wwe needs to stop making the boys remembering a whole scripted promo and return what made wrestling promos great and that is the bullet point system that 's how austin 3:16 and if you smell what the rock was cooking created # makepromosgreatagain
< user > if we avoid the brown mutt path i think humanity has to speciate the west and asians are too far ahead of the others you will always end up with a high level of segregation and discord mixing the lower populations and the gap is only accelerating
how do you blind a chinese man it ’s simple all you need is some floss
english and pancakes faggot
i knew a white guy adopted into a white family who also had a black brother .
i never met his family but he was a really kind , caring person and we were best friends for a while which was nice :)
< user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong biggest cowards criminals keep on chattering audibly in < number > < number > wellington circle singapore he is arranging the biggest racial violence the world has ever seen drug addicts pseudo terrorists might be employed talks of uk citizens now
flipping channels hit on this wwe wtf is this like gay soft porn
they 're too busy logging on to find out if you have a criminal record , ever filed bankruptcy , your facebook political leanings , been treated for depression , and etc .
jp : if " one is no better or more important than another " , the killing or eating or wearing of every being is of equal consequence .
but in reality , society has established standards of behavior that define certain beings as more valuable than others .
u stupid indian .
get off the air u bitch
i 'm an employee of that non - profit .
i pay the same taxes on my salary as an employee of a for - profit .
they are repeating some weird stuff .
as a mongoloid man just shoot for the fucking moon , its time we do that to show these faggots the real hierarchies
yes , the russians did interfere with " our " elections .
they did us a huge favor by feeding hacked emails   to wikileaks from hillary 's unsecured computer which proved that hillary is a liar and a cheater .
now are we supposed to believe the russians somehow hacked into the voting machines in 50 separate states , none of which are interconnected and none of which have reported any hacking attempts ?
the bottom line of all of this is that the democrats just can not believe that they lost .
are we going to have to listen to schwab and the democrats continue this whining , sniveling , pouting , grousing , complaining and sobbing for 8 years ?
schwab does not seem to understand that when you lose wars ( or elections ) you do not get to make the decisions anymore .
by the way , not only did the democrats lose the presidency , they lost the house , the senate and republicans now control 33 of the state governors and legislative bodies as well .
now how did the russians do that schwab ?
every bih want her a wedding ring but these bitches be fucking on everything - kodak
never trust russia .
and i have been saying that for decades .
there are tens of millions of fine people in that country .
the problem is that there are tens of millions more who are not so fine .
corruption from top to bottom of their society .
from business moguls and friends of putin right down to taxi drivers .
more corrupt than it was under communism .
kind of scary .
there is such a thing as a human race but different sub species .
no one is asking for an all white world either < number > billion shitskins and under a billion whites does not make an all white world a black world let see oh yeah africa what a shithole
dickhead @realdonaldtrump anyone who needs to say " i am the least racist person . "
multiple times , is racist to infinity and beyond .
you 're trash 's trash you idiotic buffoon .
you 're what they saw in birdbox when they take their blindfolds off .
nia can not do shit she can not even fall right what a dumb hoe
still less homoerotic than * riverdale . *
the lady doth protest to much .
he who smelt it dealt it .
the concept is age old .
everyone knows that those virulently anti homosexual are usually closet homosexual .
same with the family values politician with a mistress or fondness for small boys .
the evangelist preaching against sin that can tick off all of the 7 deadlies before lunch time .
its so obvious its incredible these folk are too stupid to realise the damage they do to their reputation .
< user > when referencing mass murders by neo nazis kk white supremacists i humbly request include churches synagogues mosques and gurdwaras < date > oakcreek wi < number > sikh americans also experience more hate crimes since < date > violence
the news is reporting that gay marriage in australia was endorsed by a majority of voters so you can not prevent it but they oddly never tell ppl that california and every other state that voted on it in america rejected gay marriage and it was forced on us anyways
" officers will be required to use their own observation to determine a person ’s race .... " 
 wonderful !
if you are not obviously white , black , or asian you 'll automatically be labeled mexican .
but , then again springfield police automatically assume anyone with brown skin is only capable of speaking spanish .
the chinese are not stupid people .
donald trump has been a public figure for 40 years now .
by now , the chinese intelligence and diplomats would have compiled a huge dossier on trump .
there has been countless editorials and articles about donald trump ignorance , anger issues , and unpredictability .
what likely is going to happen is the chinese government will make a few statements and mild complaints .
they know that donald trump has a habit of fighting and getting angry if he feels insulted .
they will regard him as a childish buffoon that has to be handle carefully .
it 's likely trump did n't know that he was n't to talk directly to the taiwanese government .
yeah , i guess the one time you 're not prepared for it will be the time it goes down .
please write judge david larimer at 100 state st , rochester , ny 14614 and ask him to grant dawn nguyen 's 2255 motion she has learned
" everything look better with a bitch next to it "
monte , 

 i clearly wrote , ' striving for equality is satanic . '
if you want to quote only the last three words , do it like this , " ... equality is satanic " .
give the reader a hint you are omitting something .
in this case something important .
i suspect you know what i am scripturally alluding to : the idea that lucifer coveted equality with god .
i stand by my premise :   total equality is realized in death .
life is differentiating .
the doctrine of equality is demonic .
the call for the dissolution of regional conferences which bro .
thompson decries is sincerely in harmony with that doctrine .
here is a question for you monte : can you square regional conferences with your interpretation of gal .
3:28 ?
that 's what happens when you stop viewing humans as actual people and consider them " illegals " that are part of an " infestation . "
says someone who had no problem with ‘ friday ’s childs ’ factless columns ...
i 'm straight , but i have a lot of friends who are gay , lesbian , or transgender , and i support them and will do so until the day i die . #
pridemonth
good verse , but i like 13 better .
i pray it every day .
it is not as if those protesters have all read the terms of the ttp , and not the misinformation that follows such things .
they are welcome to   their opinion , i just wish that they had formed that ' opinion ' armed with all the facts .
p.s .
unless trump wins the us election , there will likely be no tpp to ratify .
destroy all religion , then it will change .
< user > < user > < user > i love you
you are spreading fake propoganda against the indian forces .
this is baloch where coward pakistani forces targeting baloch people .
do n't spread fake videos url
brown people should live in pre - history shit hole codition forever so whitie can enjoy their rich fulfill live .
/s
this is just fake new .
- the only divide between rich and poor are agitators who try to make it an issue .
some people are rich , some are not .
this is life .
- what power and arrogance of global companies .
this product was sold with specific warnings to be used only on a building up to 10 meters .
it was not marketed otherwise 
 - the council is at fault .
they approved the cladding .
they should have had someone on staff to check this .
- the fire marshal is at fault .
the building should not have received a license for occupancy 
 - the company that installed the cladding was a fault for not following standards 

 please provide some evidence that the company marketed this product for uses in buildings about 10 meters .
i bet you wo n't , because it does n't exist .
again , this is fake news .
q.e.d.
with each page i read of " white power " i see more of myself in george lincoln rockwell .
just realized drudge sucks , not one word of all the collusion against trump that 's being uncovered .
when the arrests go down .
the last thing these feminazi are going to be concerned about are king donnie 's taxes !
i can explain polio vaccination .
we all had our vaccinations as kids , except a couple .
it was sad watching one of the two with steel leg braces and crutches 3 years later
are you from india ?
honestly .
i 've never really said this and meant it to anyone but here goes .
i honestly hope you kill your self .
like genuinely hope you actually put a .44 right through your skull .
please leave this sub .
no one wants you here .
i really hope that you do some autistic shit in front of your parents , and they disown you .
this humor is only funny to autism 6th grade students .
once again , i actually , genuinely , from the * bottom of my heart * hope you die .
it must be difficult to report on a former colleague who is in a rather awkward position .
.
oft times allegations of this sort are muddled by misunderstanding and/or animosity rather than actual sexual harassment , which is a legal catchall for a multitude of issues .
.
in my experience a financial settlement is preferable to a long and expensive legal proceedings .
also in my experience the plaintiff 's goal if often financial rather than emotional closure .
the rabble rousing pleiadian dragon / lion ... some women are n't looking for anything logical , like money .
they ca n't be bought , bullied , reasoned , or negotiated with .
some women just want to watch the world burn .
have you ever noticed that the new trends in makeup and fashion are for women to look like liza minelli drag queens i can not tell if they actually are women what in the holy hell is that about
< user > < user > self defense your shit the police officials in white shirt sitting in their air con office are the one to blame they trained up the police to dehumanize hk citizens they allowed the police to ignore the police general orders and use excessive violence to get things done
i like my diversity like how i like my laundry ... whites in one load and colors in the other .
i tried hooking up with chicks but like i said they do nt put out they re too prudish and christian so i ca nt get any that 's why i let smooth twinks suck me
selling a house is business .
its your choice who you use .
friendship should not enter into it at all .
if a friend drops you because you did not use her / his spous as your agent then you did not have a friend .
its pretty simple .
anyone in the mood for some arts and crafts ?
i was thinking about some thai dying
chinese law for chinese .
human rights for humans .
i see nothing wrong .
chinese are like the products they produce .
cheap , plentiful , and disposable .
brown people should live in pre - history shit hole codition forever so whitie can enjoy their rich fulfill live .
/s
bs we immigrants do not fear trump what so ever ... that is fake news illegal aliens are not immigrants .
we , immigrants , back trump 300 % and we say deport them all .
hello faggots and weenies
black people - savages , borderline non - human apes .
middle east - favourite pastime is building bombs and blowing themselves up .
indians - shit on the street , eating shit off the street .
asians - robotic , sexless , dictatorial patriarchy .
​ whites - god 's chosen people .
the perfect specimen .
​ they 're one step from chanting " heil hitler " .
you 're not a woman , you 're a cow .
you absolutely need to be milked , and you can milk my cock with your filthy pussy at the same time .
i 'll bite your neck to mark you as mine , and fill your cunt with cum over and over .
you 'll stay chained up in my basement , ready any time i want to breed .
she 's hard working , like an asian .
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
hey black if the system is rigged for whites then why are the asians doing better than everyone else mythdestroyed iqmatters
god loves y' all too forever tell everyone you know and do n't know .
jesus loves y' all too forever .
teach everyone how to see and enjoy their blessings too forever
concerned about a twitter purge will surely be meeting some twitter refugee pals here eventually
i just found this subreddit , and i find it intriguing .
i might be gender critical .
until now i thought that trans did n't make sense , but hey whatever makes people happy why not .
reading here however makes me realize that this may have bigger implications that are inconsistent with advancing feminism in society ( making it better for men and women ) .
here is another thing to add to the list of clinton faults :   she is a chinese puppet .
" i do n't retreat .
i reload . "
news for tacha fans who support pride violence arrogance insolence and bad behaviour your girl has been disqualified for all her supposedly good attitude at the < user > the nigerian people are not known for all these we do not condone such behaviours bb naija
my ching chong is so cutie
ahead of their time , as you said canada day is not about whites and their progeny who founded this nation anymore .
do nt quote me on it , i m pretty sure open carry of a long gun in texas is legal .
my jaw dropped at the columnist 's thesis , which is spelled out near the end of his article : that those muslims who embrace extremist , violent terrorism are a set of people who got that way simply as a " reaction to racism " that they faced in their earlier years growing up in the west .
are you kidding me ?
gee , let 's look at a list , shall we , let 's look at a list of sets of people who have faced nasty bigotry or racism in the west during the past century : 
 - gay people 
 - women 
 - jewish folks 
 - chinese people 
 - black folks 
 - japanese people 
 - folks from india 
 - folks from pakistan 
 - natives 
 - italians 
 - irish folks 
 - transgender people 

 so , mister columnist , how many of those victim groups resorted to slaughtering people in frequent mass murder sprees against innocent strangers in music halls and passenger trains and marketplaces and tourist sites ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
sometimes all capital letters are needed to dispatch the ridiculous blindness of a columnist to the weakness of their view ...
then tell all the man do not compete in grand slam bitch .
you just play 2 set to win and man 3 sets and price same as man .
so that s equality dumbass ? ?
@thebabyseagull1 @nickanthonymic1 @blonde_quinn you said it was photographic evidence of them attacking children .
it was n't .
why are they " angry religious lunatics " ?
maybe they 're decent people fed up at " tommy robinson " threatening them and labelling them as enemy combatants ?
that would a logical , secular reaction .
m talking about indian hindu not sikh i know sikh is strong persons
why is it these asian people are so stupid to overload their trucks and just invite tragedy ffs , dumb cunts you are .
i honestly do n't think trump understands that posts to social media are out there forever .
giving the asians a bad name
here 's how to fix it all !
pack ! !
you have a problem , you see that country you came from , get with it dis ! !
you the terrorist you mean ? ?
because it is what i mean so take your prayer rugs , liberalism , quran , hadith , muhammed , allahs and find mecca !
with public schools being so integrated and focusing on non white students i really would suggest to any parent to get themselves educated so they can teach their children at home .
why are these negros outside trying to sell water when it ’ < number > degrees outside
according to that piranha mouth dyke i am a level < number > gook 🥴
jesus , i really hate to admit that kizla is right , but this team is truly in free fall .
123 slaughter me street is fucking bullshit .
it 's so bad .
nope prisoner means that you belive in wp and try to dress as much like one but can not due to parents or your job .
i support the right to bear arms .
mandated diversity quotas doing good things ..... love multiculturalism
made this up earlier i complimented my young chinese friend on his shoes today . "
thanks , " he said , " i made them myself . "
here 's how to fix it all !
pack ! !
you have a problem , you see that country you came from , get with it dis ! !
you the terrorist you mean ? ?
because it is what i mean so take your prayer rugs , liberalism , quran , hadith , muhammed , allahs and find mecca !
youth homicide almost all black on black to the point they have a police squad dedicated to it called trident the same with youth violence blacks
y all gmfu if y' all think i m a put in extra effort in this hoe just cause yall dont wanna fix the line smh .
@_girlthats_tiny yea it ai n't get into detail like dis doe dis shit touched me fr man .
dem young boys ai n't deserve dat shit
the media is biased against trump , and so is krugman .
krugman is an economist and perhaps he could actually provide guidance and suggestions about productive policy roads for the us to take .
does he contribute on what he knows something about ?
no , of course not .
he sets himself on the sideline and regurgitates stale criticism of trump .
< user > did immigrants steal their hair or something
school is like a boner long and hard - unless you 're asian .
do n't like the way the cowards kicks tyrone on the floor then his mate screams like he has won the fight .
yes , let 's prepare for a loonie in 2017 : in the white house
just saw on here that he used to go by the name of joker on twitter if so then i am pretty sure i have come across this paki creature in passing before my ban he s not very popular on there is he
gt goes by she them gt lesbian very panicked lesbian gt no lewd i am a minor gt multishipping with chemistry and or plotting
fuck : kikes spicks niggers faggots trannys commies faggot niggers   dirty zionist kikes jews jews jews dune coons your mom anal gaping aids carrying faggots jews again talib kweli donald trump   niggers   jews and jews .
it depends on whether trump 's policies get enacted and then whether living standards in the usa get better or worse because of them .
my bet is that trump will get some of his agenda done and life will get better for americans .
no one is asking the public to subject themselves to second hand smoke .
the law intended to allow smoking lounge businesses which you are free to patronize or not .
it did not seek to allow marijuana smoking in parks , on the sidewalks , or other public places where people could n't choose to avoid second hand smoke .
fuck they banned me on r / mgtow to 
 u incels were right ; i m welcomed nowhere but here
& gt;tfw your school was divided into houses and you were literally in norman house
it ’ only < number > and we ’ re struggling chile get it together unless y ’ all wanna be bullied by retardi gang
< user > nice ching chong hat
every slant in # losangeles should be deported .
those scum have no right to be here .
chinatown should be bulldozed .
this is democracy .
the jury represents the majority of californians , social justice liberals .
the minority have no choice but to flee while they still have the freedom to do so .
how many taxpayer dollars are these republican states paying in legal fees , court cases etc in their attempts to deny women their 14th amendment rights ?
and how many of those taxpayer dollars are being paid by the very women who they are trying to subjugate ?
if a state legislature is supposed to work for you not against you then maybe those women should consider giving them fewer taxpayer dollars for them to waste in trying to roll back the centuries to a time when women were considered as mere chattels of men .
you do realize that most of us expect trump to be able to say what he believes all on his own ?
he answered a point blank question , his statement was relatively clear for trump - speak    he followed with more speeches that made more claims of polling fraud in the following week .
claims of rampant fraud are a lie .
it 's joe mccarthy waving blank pieces of paper with ' proof ' of commies in government .
funny , i 'm concerned that trump believes what he says , and at the same time , worried clinton does n't believe what she says .
lol 

 oh well , my vote is submitted and that 's the only thing i have any control over .
peace
being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure , her being a paedophile protecting globalist zionist cunt is her own making , as a human , and i use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart !
dropping bombs on dune coons while you have total air superority is not combat it target practice now doing it while there are sams and manpads sending guided missiles up one exhaust would be she did the former
hugo , trump does n't care about latinos .
they are people to be turned away from our border or put in cages .
@wokieleaks1 they do n't care about intelligence or anything of the like , they just want an excuse to hate the evil browns
can not help but feel that mexico perhaps unintentionally or perhaps in an effort to stay in our good standing trade wise let a caravan of illegal immigrants into their own country for the sole purpose of justifying the border wall
you think hiroshima inflicted a disease on the american psyche where they think they can just drop bombs and ' good ' things happen
a lot of ppl complaining abt white ppl fetishizing asians but when are we gon na talk abt all these asian ppl who use their ethnicity to get clout
nfl free agency : rams sign c john sullivan , who spent last season as backup with redskins ; 93 career starts ( espn )
we all know the law and our responsibilities out there on the road .
that 's beside the point i 'm making .
do you know why we have legislators ?
why , it 's because we need constant refinement of the laws under which we live !
let me comment on the " unlimited visibility " you mention .
the vision of the person driving the second car had of the stopped vehicle was obscured by the first car , and only when the first car swerved at the last moment to avoid the stopped car did the person driving the second car have the same unobstructed view of the stopped car , but by then it was too late and the driver of the second car did not , or was not able , to similarly swerve and avoid the collision .
if nothing about highway design in situations like this changes , then more accidents like this will happen .
if odot changes their highway design as i suggest then fewer tragedies like this will happen .
i am not content to absolve odot or to tolerate inept highway design .
i also reject your smug tone .
< user > you don ’ t see whoever that is commenting on my shit 😭 😭 i can ’ t even see the retweet or responses tho
that feeling you get when you realized that bts will each have their girlfriend in the future fml fml fml fml
cheeky chinaman
actually i agree with certain gatekeeping merely because in the dating world when someone says they are polyamorous i think it should be understood as something more personal and connected than " can fuck many people honestly at the same time " it is frustrating to think someone means they are poly and then it turns out they 're just nm .
keep helfrich for another 10 years at least - he is from the state , he loves the university and is committed to his players .
what 's more important , winning football games or having a hc who is interested in the development of his players as stand - up citizens ?
bunk !
best skiing year in decades .
< user > < user > had not been muzzies been donated pak amp bangladesh by india already
@onlinegook fuck the chink
i was happy to see only whites in that movie , though there could ' ve been a few jews or half jews there but i would n't know .
john singleton got a fascination with niggas getting raped
i do n't get the appeal of scheer .
his resume is very unimpressive and he has n't put out any interesting policy to my knowledge .
i 'd have him solidly behind the three moderates martin mentioned in the article ( o'toole , chong , raitt ) .
as a fiscal conservative he 'd nevertheless be a huge upgrade over trudeau of course , but there are others within the cpc who i think are more well - rounded and could deliver the message more effectively to the wider electorate .
< user > good na anyways population explosion kar rakha hai < number > dus dus bachhe hai and refugee bhi u want great and then u will cry 😢 job creation and economy
you are so silly civil rights gay rights trans rights movements are all for equality they just have focused mras do not fight for women rights they fight for men which is fine and all < number > feminists agree that women should get drafted done and done
the somali community brace for backlash always the same some mudslime murders someone the rest go into victim mode
being gay and lesbian goes against the teachings of the bible .
read leviticus 18:22 .
anyone with homosexual thoughts / behavior are not true christians or perform sinful acts
i 'm at that point in my weight cut where the waist of all of my pants are loose ..... kinda cool , kinda annoying . & #
128580 ; # mission132
" after all this time you accuse me of bad faith ?
christian of you . "
after all the discussions we have had in the past , when did you get so sensitive ?
did you delete your comment as i stated or am i spreading lies ?
do n't doubt that shep 's right about craig , but that level of candor feels cruel on bravo show . #
southerncharm
taemin and jongin should take a pic with jimin i ca n't accept the fact i have pics of them with ravi but i do nt have with jimin
pathetic , it 's time we start erasing people like this from our gene pool .
a thought for the day : “ be more concerned with your character than your reputation , because your character is what you really are while your reputation is merely what others think you are . ” —
john wooden
shut the fuck up you anti white piece of shit no one wants to hear what you have to say
i could agree with most of what you write , but selling baby parts ?
pp must go .
it is highly doubtful the homo sapiens went north .
@realdoodoobrown @starsandstripes 🤣 🤣 🤣 you should try being more creative in trying to hurl insults , somewhat childish and very low iq .
maybe you 're the rascist pos 🤣
the white man must learn to hate if we do not hate the forces that have destroyed our civilization we will die
this is an issue of stereotypes .
blacks ganged up , italians mobbed up , chinese , hard working and industrious but ganging quietly , phillipinoes , and hispanics , the new middle class .... and grumpy old white men embezzling corporate profits .
all brought to you buy hollywood and mass media .
veterans action opportunity : end abusive actions of veterans affairs public affairs officers : end water waste at california va facilities
the gook hooker gets lots of shekels from heebs
more angelic christian boys ... ? ? ?
undoubtedly , the parents are proud of how they instilled these acts into their lowlife kids .
url
as a 5'6 guy , i do n't mind one bit , and kinda have thing for tall girls lol .
i do wish i could i meet some of the women in this thread who have no problem with it apparently .
people really do have mental issues i wo nt put it no other way they troll pages in fact not just any pages but the fact it where does stalking begain at and harassment when u find that what people do to the avage citizen to make the jobless or to prevent them from having a job people .
ok so rolling loud was fun all but who ever invented mosh pits i fucking hate you damaged
look at the price of shit in tis bitch
[ the data says hate crimes are going up.](url
other countries have these problems , just look at the krodile epidemic in russia , south america , and parts of the philipines , the opioid epidemic and cocaine problems in rio de janeiro the city where the world is about to hold the olympics .
take a look at holland and amsterdam , japan , china , etc ... drugs are a world wide plague .
unfortunately the japs reserve most of their xenophobic hatred for chinese and koreans most of whom have lived in japan for generations and are physically and culturally indistinguishable from japanese the jap govt is now quietly importing large numbers of migrants from muzzie countries
success is the result of good judgement , which is the result of experience , experience is often the result of bad judgement . -
tony robbins
< user > < user > i can lmao theater meets ghetto i will snap them in a second
< number > black people placed in world strongest man in < number > in fact the top < number > in every wsm event is strictly european white no hispanics or blacks or asians lol u mad
< user > call them faggots and send them pictures of muhammad
gay you are
stupid asian bitch you 're an idiot and you should go back to ching chong land
if i were president i d tell taiwan south korea and japan to build nukes ballistic missiles then once they had enough nukes to destroy china and north korea i d withdraw all troops and close all military bases there let china norks destroy themselves attacking their fellow asians before us
it 's difficult deciding to call out something as being problematic , because that gives it attention & amp ; not many people know about it .
there are going to be lots of malformed iranian orphans after fordo melts down .
it does n't .
i say abolish muslims and illegals out of this country
he was a serial spanker .
would walk up to senior citizens and furiously spank their bottoms while screaming the power of christ compels thee .
i swear some guys are good for nothing ... i do nt know how some women put up with their pussy ass boyfriends , who do nt support , help , or motivate them .
good lord eliaundelis i ’ m a good lancer of the parchment not a queer sculptor
you are an 1diot .
you really think that caan deserves to get paid more than park and kim ?
you must be another ignorant trump supporter .
if anything they should get rid of caan , they do n't need him .
split his pay between park and kim .
yes park and kim are n't " local " but they are characters that hawaii people can relate to .
only haoles can relate to redneck caan .
notice that the asian regulars left , maybe they should rename the show haole 5 - 0 .
or maybe they already planned to get rid of the 2 actors .
end of last season kono was on a plane leaving , chin ho was offered a job on the mainland .
looks like they wrote it in just in case the 2 left the how .
rebounding and scoring inside were two areas of concern given unc 's size .
ducks winning both battles so far , +5 on boards , +2 in the paint .
rt @itat_upay : every females worried about being played , & amp ; every nigga worried she a hoe .
so nothing but games will b played wit that minds&#8230 ;
" " " and the same days that i 'm happy is the same days that i 'm mad cause i ca n't go 24 hours without shit happening to my ass , get high " " & lt;3 "
he was n't charged with contempt .
he was guilty of criminal contempt .
still having a tough time accepting reality eh ?
i know you and facts do n't get along .
it 's only happened to you like two times .
i think i 'm cooler than the blonde ones .
not that i do n't love them , you know , family/ ..
anything the chinese have , they 've stole through industrial espionage , which is what they are trying to do here , sheep .
you do n't understand the things i would do for a waffle house right now .
@stassi bullshit stassi .
you 're a beautiful woman , humble enough to fight for your friend , funny - which means you … https://t.co/a6ymgxkki4
simple solution enforces laws not jared wyand you have had < number > years to solve it under black jesus and it got worse all black economic data is down under his presidency so maybe stfu < user > gun violence is a public health crisis martial law will not fix violence in chicago
ok so rolling loud was fun all but who ever invented mosh pits i fucking hate you damaged
you 're right , it 's mostly different flavours of either killing women or distributing them like food stamps in soviet russia ; when they 're not busy sucking off super chad in their mind
women do not see me as a sexual being 
 i may as well be gay or asexual to the entire female species .
neither of the major party candidates has any plan to rein in the deficit .
trumps tax plan would double it .
hrc would n't touch it one way or another , " wo n't add one penny " and would simply let it continue to grow as projected which means debt service will soon surpass military spending as the 3rd largest budget item after medicare and social security .
good politics i guess but horrible fiscal policy .
10 years from now no one is going to talking about trump 's vileness or hrc 's sense of entitlement .
they will be asking how we got to the sad point where much of the federal budget is simply paying treasury bond holders their interest .
< user > it not even about stans you a whole ass white chicken nugget calling asians ugly 🤣
i hope the niglets keep going down on their knees its the only realistic depiction of blacks on fake news tv any chance of getting t shirts made that say < user > boycott nfl tebow rule ca nt pray owners are pleased with their blacks down on their knees
no clown , you are dead wrong .
you are drawing a false distinction between wealthy and non wealthy chinese to suit your racist narrative .
truth is you hate the chinese because of their ethnicity .
there are lots of other ethnic groups in the gva parking their wealth because of the tremendous appeal of the region .
so much so that the spineless politicians caved to public pressure and passed a foreign buyer taxes to curtail their investment activity with mixed results of course because politicians are not foolish enough to kill the golden goose that fuels the bc economy .
but racist pigs like yourself endlessly repeat the same hate filled rants against one specific ethnicity , the chinese .
there is no denying their participation in the market , by the media , politicians or industry participants , yet you continue to single them out and brand them as a threat to the canadian way of life .
you are disgusting and should be banned permanently for spewing endless hatred on a public forum .
wow dontbelieveinmyths , you are totally clueless and insensitive .
as an asian person growing up in the mainland the " slanted eye gesture " and racial slur ( similar to " chinaman " ) was used to taunt and harass people of asian ancestry and is considered extremely offensive .
for me , it was cause for a fight and i would not take that type of taunting from anyone .
it 's equivalent to using the " n - word " and your saying we need to thicken our skins ?
yeah , right , you need some training dude !
this is literally every white person in my business of art class and there even a girl who just plays solitaire who even plays solitaire i promise u the lecture is way more interesting
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
sorry but birds of a feather flock together .
both are culpable and i seriously doubt that it was 
 the wife that influenced no aloha kealoha .
i just want all my followers to know that no matter who you are , who you love , your religion , your race , your sex , etc .
you are safe with me & on my page i will always stand up for you , listen , & support you as long as you are n't a douchecanoe / racist / bigot you are welcome here ❤ url
why do elderly japanese people not smile when getting their photo taken ?
the flash reminds them of hiroshima .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > so you just blame trump supporters to be white supremacists and only care about checking if people are bots you do not care about antifa but care about shootings i can call people who shoot up places and antifa a terrorist threat but you ca nt
jc stang the big 3 , employment , housing & medicine .
lgbt can be legally discriminated in many states .
exclusive : glencore in talks to sell global oil storage stakes - sources https://t.co/l01qagissh brandnaware https://t.co/ehuxim85ln
& gt;tfw your school was divided into houses and you were literally in norman house
bald meeks 
 how will women react to a nw6/7 meeks if he reaches that stage
you think majority of the < number > of asians are illegal i want to see the data behind this
i do nt know whether to welcome you or laugh at you .
the chinese are like the borg ..... consuming everythng in their path .
resistance is futile ... you will be assimilated .
even the way the borg get slaughtered , remember the chinese a billion plus steam roller just waiting to be unleashed .
heck thousands die every year in mines and they still line up to take the unfortunate places of the deceased ..... maybe they did nt even know about the deaths ? ? ? ?
wait till they get their hands on our precious resources .
my god i ca nt believe i am saying this but ..... where if the donald when you need him .
< user > that ching chong nigga sound good with that gdjskscwdiswigshsbgdvce
@birdsofjannah when kim jong un threatens to have a us citizen hanged for a crime in the north korea , the world peace is threatened but when israel rains down hell on palestinians in palestine , the un turns a blind eye .
a double standard nobody nobody understands till this day .
u can b a nigga or a bitch a dyke is da same thang we gone put dat iron on yo pussy ass
studies show non whites view freedom completely different than whites for example < number > of hispanics view hate speech as an act of violence which means they would ban it their view of hate speech could be anything wake up your family and friends
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
< user > < user > perhaps you should sto pforcing your morals on others like a 1 9 5 0 racist white christian
are you talking about sand niggers
" " " the saddest death for humans is not the death of itself , but the death of their loved ones . " " #
botbermamfaat "
flagged !
uncivil !
i will flag any post that causes some sappy song - a song which i would otherwise never hear or think of - to play over and over and over in my head .
🎼 trying to foget my ..... 🎼 
 make it stop ! !
the asian men who can not find wives in their own countries could perhaps be introduced to the american and european women who can not find husbands in their own countries
how on earth do you consider that a fair comparison ?
i 'm not criticizing your opinion but i 'm asking you to explain how the humane killing of an animal that has been discarded rather than allowing it to live a miserable life because of negligence of people .
or do you think it is more humane to allow this animal to live in a hostile environment until it is killed by eating rat poison ?
@franklin_graham @danpatrick @foxnews tx lt gov is smoking something white nationalists terrorists shooting jewish worshippers is what ?
white nationalist killing black worshippers in south carolina is what ?
white nationalists killing muslims in worship in new zealand is what ?
stop your immoral excuse n it call it out
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > you do not think it hateful to call someone a towel head or a sand n word you do not get it
< user > i ’ d make the swoosh white too banging regardless tho
it 's like these miyetti allah people need a real invasion of their lands to reset their aggressive , greedy brains .
not just that , but many people who adopt kids are capable of making their own pure white children .
ya , i am sure the state run media is really honest and always tells the truth .
corrupt dictatorships always spout evil vile propaganda .
the chinese people lap it up .
ching chong new year
do nt quote me on it , i m pretty sure open carry of a long gun in texas is legal .
just stumbled upon a tumblr who s owner has a .
sneeze kink .
they get off on poeple sneezing ?
and being ?
sick ?
okay bro u do u
< number > israel the only country to have its borders defined for a specific nation jewish ppl2 jews pray < number > x times for the re establishment of our h land < number > pali syriana name given by romans to israel other areas < number > jewish sites only evidence of arabs is toilet on har habayit
basically this .
us brits will use anything as an insult ... honestly i 've heard people say " petal " , " flower " and the most recent random as fuck one of " little dancer " .
that last one was new to me and it did n't really make me feel offended haha .
gimps to me are basically complete fucking idiots , though to clarify i do n't mean this about those who have the fetish .
hi bro , 
 i received a very prompt response to an email i sent to civil comments inquiring about formatting commands .
the cc rep said that while formatting commands are not available now , they are exploring ways of making that available .
i liked the courtesy of a prompt response .
i think the formatting options would enhance the comments , but i can be patient about that .
i 'm glad to see some of the gang regrouping here .
they would n't allow me to be mike a and so i became mike aa .
was it tuesday night ?
or wednesday morning ?
or tuesday morning ?
12:20 a.m.
my jaw dropped at the columnist 's thesis , which is spelled out near the end of his article : that those muslims who embrace extremist , violent terrorism are a set of people who got that way simply as a " reaction to racism " that they faced in their earlier years growing up in the west .
are you kidding me ?
gee , let 's look at a list , shall we , let 's look at a list of sets of people who have faced nasty bigotry or racism in the west during the past century : 
 - gay people 
 - women 
 - jewish folks 
 - chinese people 
 - black folks 
 - japanese people 
 - folks from india 
 - folks from pakistan 
 - natives 
 - italians 
 - irish folks 
 - transgender people 

 so , mister columnist , how many of those victim groups resorted to slaughtering people in frequent mass murder sprees against innocent strangers in music halls and passenger trains and marketplaces and tourist sites ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
sometimes all capital letters are needed to dispatch the ridiculous blindness of a columnist to the weakness of their view ...
pakistanis started raping young white girls in the < number > young white lads bashed the pakis for touching their females media called our lads nazis paki bashers media never knew why nor investigated
spending addiction i pay all cash no need for the atm that for ma mama she scared niggas might rob her
burly123 : mr birch hates chinese , muslims and black canadians too .
you ask niggas to be your peace and they end up being your piece of shit 😂 ✌ 🏽 june 29 wet it up pool party
i hope you get deported from earth
i like when they pretty and ghetto type of bitch that don ’ t even say hello
a progressive , feminist member of the lying msm will , naturally , never miss a chance for a racist attack on white men .
according to statista , between 1982 and 2017 , out of 91 mass shootings the racial breakdown of shooters were as follows : 

 whites : 51 

 blacks : 15 

 latino : 7 

 asian : 7 

 american indian : 3 

 multi - race : 5 

 unknown : 3 

 white shooters were about proportional to their presence in the population .
blacks , american indians , and asians had more shooters than one might expect given their respective populations .
none of these statistics are happy ones .
what is also clear is that progressive feminists like petri are always quick to pounce on a tragedy to advance their political agenda ;   they never let facts hinder their lying progressive , feminist agenda .
the pajeet invasion is particularly depressing the argument that works on normies for niggers and sandniggers does not work for pajeets pajeets simply drag everything down pajeets smile at you while they drown you in third worldism
@govmikehuckabee thank goodness most of us love your tweets .
i think you are honest and definitely funny .
i want my world like i want my laundry separated by color
shapiro is born and raised in cali his business is in la he s just your typical upper class privileged white man that lives far away from the immigrant community he probably grew up in a jewish bubble in the burbs just like many brooklyn jews
being short is the greatest crime a man can commit in the eyes of women
< user > you missed out the gay son daughter 😝
daily words of wisdom from our favorite chinaman weihan zhang on twitter my friends not listen eminem music criminality african culture learn nothing violent harm baby small pet dog classical music violin traditional chinese song please songsfordummies
naaa fuck bobby lee that fucking faggot , wanna punch that fucking goof in the face .
he sucks huge hollywood dicks just to be that goody too shoes lil fuckin chink .
sam do nt ever go on that fucking faggots shit again , makes u look like a bitch .
bobby lee u fucking faggot , only ur brother stevie is cool .
ur a goof bobby lee
the problem with the vedic religion is that it mixed the slave mentality of asians with the religion of aryans the original white pagan religions which is where the vedas originated from have a completely different way of practising religion religion was taught to guide man not to worship gods
< user > < user > < user > bts young forever white version and superm united version < user > < user >
and you 're a f * * * * * * moron the reason america has more so - called killings is because we help every other f * * * * * * piece of s * * * lowlife country in this world every time they have a little squabble some f * * * * * * country is asking the us for something just to have ungrateful motherfukers to say we 're terrorists when you see on tv a sick and dying child it 's an american giving him food or medicine you f * * * * * * piece of s * * * moron
if i think he thottin i m a do it first i am gon call my side bitch we gon do the work 🥴
ahead of their time , as you said canada day is not about whites and their progeny who founded this nation anymore .
you have printed a story claiming a man is a jew with no proof whatsoever but the word of a leftist gook gawker hack and his leftist mother who was threatened and gaslighted this is some real pulitzer shit here bro
canada keeps receiving garbage from that philippines in the form of people trying to immigrate here .
send the trash back ! ! ! !
for a fact you morons did n't pick the best gook , chink or faggot among us # governing
nigger kike spic chink faggot pussy cunt bitch sandnigger jap nip leaf fuck shit crap queer jews aa
do not worry they are exterminating the blacks and asians too
what is a popular pastime in japan ?
hangman
blakbodhisattva lol europeans are n't the ones complaining and asking for reparations for people who have never been slaves .
also side note blacks sold blacks into slavery and slavery is still a problem in africa .
i think blacks who want to complain should go back and if not let them see that out of something horrible their lives have been bettered
how do you address a problem , that has only been addressed when running for office , ie mayor ?
the roots of this problem is deep and spread far , who is to blame , many .
the elected officials , those who do studies , defend them , but provide no solutions , just excuses and the list goes on .
we have to many free programs .
we have bent to their needs , another words we have created the problem our self .
so at this point we must lay in what we created .
too many people know about homeless , these people , and those people also have no solution , so there are a part of the problem .
please feel free to attack me , use to it , but look what is front page news , making progress , not think not , but know not .
talk and reports , web sights are just that , learn the word action .
if trump builds the wall , there will be jobs , working in the fields , work most americans will not do .
no freebees , no handouts , work like everyone else , we all have problems , so live with it .
so much complaining .
hey , if you do n't like america , go back to your gross country and come back .
or not .
not that it matters much cause you will still be pushed up against those wonderful minorities everywhere you go , and our children will go to schools where they are in the majority .
little place i have been to today called winsford nice church no mosque which is good and it < percent > white ☺ there is a satanic church for the jews which really is the only downfall
for trump , everything he does gets turned into a mountain .
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
wow she comes right out and says the real people oppressed are the white males in society thanks for posting this
why did god invent hinduism ?
so he would n't have to deal with indians .
that 's no excuse for stealing other people 's technology and research and intellectual property you 're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are and your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you 'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites you chinks are determined to eat every pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
@stevemartintogo careful , they might try to queer ya !
india is a shithole country and a society who vote for terrorists is a terrorists society .
i am tired of uploading videos of mob lynching .
you all are complicit ! !
fcuk you all .
ridiculous that he claims it 's a hoax from the chinese when the chinese have horrible air pollution is some places !
he has no eyes or ears for anything that interferes with making money !
i 'm fairly certain it 's you who does n't .
the possibility of one of the country 's largest provinces adopting electoral reform , which hangs on this vote , is tremendously significant .
as is the impact that an ndp / green - majority legislature would have on a range of other matters of national concern , particularly in relation to the environment .
so disappointed in the super bowl game i only shot < number > coons and no possums or coyotes or fox i d be a millionaire if i had non mangy coyotes or foxes the coons are not more than ornaments gamo whisper brain junker at < number > yards
racist , sexist , transphobic , homophobic , xenophobic , ass hole - left talking to the right
users want transparency in abuse systems , but there 's a difficulty in this .
it can allow people to game the system .
with the globe getting rid of tabatha southey and leah mclaren and running fewer columns by sarah kendzior , it seems liz renzetti is now taking more fire from the globe 's misogynistic commenters .
though as pierre trudeau once shrugged after hearing he 'd been insulted by richard nixon , " i 've been called worse things by better people . "
my coworkers saw an ugly side of me today 😅 thanks to everyone who listened to me bitch today tho ily 😭
documented tactics - our motives are clear 
 anonymously bogus sent to you from us here 
 a lethal proposition that you 'll read as you weep 
 while the bombings so relentless to deprive you of sleep
look at these 2 photo ..... a freedom fighter who paved the way for many female singer who support # lgbtq and is about to perform at # prideparade   a rich white straight man who does n't give a f about equality why do y' all support him instead of # madonna ? #
madamex # edsheeran url
why must niggers constantly be taken care of american niggers african niggers european niggers asian sand niggers jesus h fucking christ when is enough enough
i watched a tv documentary   about ship freight last week called " freightened " .
apparently ships use absolutely filthy fuel that out matches the emissions from cars but has not caught the attention of global emission standard limits .
the flags of convenience used by most of these ships allow them to avoid domestic laws such as labor standards and maintenance schedules and the location of the beneficial owners is often impossible in the case of disasters such as sinking or spills so joe taxpayer pays to clean up .
many shipping companies are located in tax havens so avoid tax as well .
time for governments to get together and clean up this industry .many of the ships , especially those carrying oil / bunker oil are in terrible shape and threaten the environment .
yo @h3h3productions watching your videos and i think someone might 've hacked one of yours and changed the name of i … https://t.co/98bunctkrd
it 's easier to draw now that i 'm doing it every day .
not all are great , some are stick figures , but damn it feels good .
chinese trolls flattering each other ... get a room , will you ...
let me go to bed nazi faggot maybe i can catch you off guard again tonight do not mute lol that will not help < user >
anime culture has created a new generation of weeboos where black and white kids gon na have ching chong names cuz their stupid ass parents like ching chong cartoons
a couple of " wish we were niggas " wanna a be pussies .
weak as fuck !
" a move that could prevent up to 0.5 - degree c of global warming by the end of this century . "
there is no proof to back up that statement , but then again they are using one of there favorite words , ' could ' , kind of like a get out of free jail card like in monopoly .... lol .
i wonder if the honorable minister of the environment could share with us what the current atmospheric concentration cfc 's are , just we know what we are talking about here .
he managed to articulate what for me has been only knowable but inexpressible at least through words words my constant struggle about what it like to grow up within the ex yugo context in my case 1 st generation immigrant to macedonian parents
" never forget to hate brown people "
she should be arrested and deported
that may be true regarding pence .
either way there is significant legal debate about whether a president can even be charged with ' obstruction ' similarly to any other position that controls as part of their duties decisions about pursuit or non pursuit of cases ( das for instance ) .
i know partisan democrats like this because it puts trump in a bad light .
there is just no way that it removes him from office without a total change in control of congress .
why is the obesity rate so low in japan ?
the last time they saw a fat man , 80,000 people died .
you need to join a nationalist organization so you are more part of the scene such as the nationalist party of canada .
you never try to have any sort of rational conversation with anyone as i often read your commentaries .
white is white , black is black , asian is asian so you speak in ignorance because it is your nature to troll .
i am not the only one to think that people of the slavic background is considered .... "white " .
maybe you have another word for it ? ?
but have it your way , you started this trolling , i did not .
i saw a poster that said , " have you seen my cat ? "
i called the number and told them i have n’t .
i like to help when i can ...
imagine how happy and totally proud selena is feeling right now she was afraid to see people 's reaction that 's pretty normal
being a straight white male is probably the most hated thing you can be in the 2010s , wonder what 'll happen in the 2020s ... 😳 😳 

 # antifeminist # 2010 # whitemale # white # male # followme
< user > < user > < user > he is a fucking nutter is < user >
their kids definitely will , all 6 of them .
america will be mostly latino soon and i m loving it .
here in central cali most of my white friends have latina girlfriends .
half of my mexican buddies have white girls .
we are gon na be one big tex - mex mix in 30 years .
i think that lincoln would suffice as a hero and i was around when all of this rebranding was going on so i think i know a little about what i am speaking about .
if you want to hang your hat on nixon bringing in southern racists into the republican party .
think again nixon brought in the voters that were disgusted that the democrats brought to the table like the kkk , jim crow in the south .
yes , they were religious and yes they were conservative as far as racist or anti - constitution you are wrong .
a hallmark of the conservative agenda is preserving the constitution , something the democrats have tried to dismantle ever since it was written .
regarding identity politics , clearly you are either unwilling to see what is going on around you or are ignorant .
by dividing the country up into special interests poor whites , blacks , asians , gays , straights , rich , poor only serves to weaken us .
it called hijrah islamic migration for the sole purpose of spreading islam
pope is asian you fucking dumb nigger
it 's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay .
because i doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if " being white " in the u.s. will be perceived as a problem .
the very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist .
but the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts .
she needs sectioned , severe mental illness right there .
god is trying to destroy the white supremacists 😉 👍 # praisehisname
if you read my full timeline , elements of my rant you might be reading will make better sense .
i am reading jared taylor writing about white consciousness from the colonial days and it hard to believe this is the same race
@cheelau @sadiqkhan trusted to teach their kids simple things like sex education , things about lgbt+ or not to be racist i think it 's in schools where that should start .
< user > yes but only for < number > year old white boys with their political ideologies in their bio
do n't forget the chinese and the japanese who were mistreated by white americans and how they continue to suffe ... oh , wait ....
i find indian widows to be so < elong > hot .
< repeat > especially when they 're burning on a pyre
what are the bio leninists going to do when we or the asians create a genetically modified subspecies
that little asian thug had it coming you do what the police tell you to do does not matter the time does not matter the place that chink got what was coming to him blue lives matter these officers risk their lives for the employees of united boycott united is fucking stupid
how are chinese kids named ?
drop em of the stairs and the sound that comes out of them is their name
so you are just going to shift to a different topic say amnat is raced based civnat is not then i will talk to you about bus throwing and gook posting
respect again to those traveling to ipswich today up the fucking blues # bcfc
i fucking forgot my glasses at the ramen place :')
sounds like a good thing ....... i 'll pitch in for food .... but if we meet in a park or something like that .. somebody please .... do n't forget the beer permit ...... lol
you forgot their $ 20,000 office supply slush fund which the legislature decided could be used for whatever they want .
senate—$20,000 a year per senator for postage , stationery and other legislative 
 expenses .
house—$16,000 a year per representative for postage , stationery and other 
 legislative expenses .
this is over one million spent on office supply funds .
they do n't have to account for what the money is used for like other government employees .
they do n't even use postage and stationery anymore as everything is email newsletters .
no other state gives their legislators this kind of slush fund 
 
 http://www.ncsl.org/portals/1/documents/legismgt/2016_leg_comp_officeandphone.pdf
" the problem , in this case , is far more about the manner of trump ’s move than the substance of it . "
thus far , donald trump has displayed the diplomatic finesse of a cinder block .
http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/the-real-risk-behind-trumps-taiwan-call
assuming jeff already is a trillionaire if he was to be muslim he ’ d pay £ < number > billion zakat
< percent > cotton thigh highs to avoid contact with any gay chemicals
that fine but there are a lot of refugees on gab who do care about race cuz internet duopolists want to thoughtpolice racial nationalism among other wrongthoughts they want erased from our minds even if you do not care about race but care about free speech conscience you should stand with us
seriously canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , i m like you i do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in .
i want to start a youth clinic in china it will be called " youth - in - asia "
and popes are n't called to use gutter talk , witness francis ' use of fecal language and fetishes .
something appears sadly awry with him .
this is getting awful .
i did n't know there was such a thing until the pope is being quoted about it .
horrific .
raise the tone or bow out .
intern muslims in reeducation camp like china until they love gay sex
why did the asian student not win the math contest ?
he was outsmarted by his brain tumor .
nyc mayor wants private companies to disclose sex harassment claims hotpagenews com r < number > top100 hotpagenews com
homosexual acts are a sin .
i pray to god my baby don ’ t come out acting like this retarded ass nigga 🙌 🏽 lord cause he really got issues
i am talking about my peers beside me they lookin at diamond covered bracelets and near naked women like in their underwear like please this school is just messed up it like an american public school
indigestion .
my tip to immigrants coming to america seeking asylum wear a maga hat and you will sail right thru
gay people should die
keep getting angry while we steal all your women and impregnate them .
lol your own asian sluts do n't even like small dicked males like u
jinping is the asian fraternity brother of putin , and both are trying to use n. korea as a distraction .
xi is trying to cover the illegal development on the s. china sea islands , and putin is trying to distract from both syria and the ukraine .
president trump is skilled and knowledgeable enough to handle both of them .
china does not want a real confrontation due to the n. korea refugee problem , plus the potential u.s. presence on a unified korean peninsula .
putin does not want the losses that he would sustain in a baltic operation .
however , n. korea provides a thorn in america 's side that they can control .
maybe congress , both the democrats and the republicans , can mature enough to support a legitimately elected u.s. president .
as far as the media , those clowns are there for our daily enjoyment derived from their moronic comments .
presideint trump - maga ! !
today & 2020 ! !
i think asians are hot but they are nt the girls i wanna get with .
a wolf is pretty but do you wanna pet one ?
white girls are only ones to be trusted .
for all your financial needs make sure you check out our arvest bank proud sponsor of the rrcbf official afterparty
honestly .
i 've never really said this and meant it to anyone but here goes .
i honestly hope you kill your self .
like genuinely hope you actually put a .44 right through your skull .
please leave this sub .
no one wants you here .
i really hope that you do some autistic shit in front of your parents , and they disown you .
this humor is only funny to autism 6th grade students .
once again , i actually , genuinely , from the * bottom of my heart * hope you die .
wise chinese saying a wise chinese man once said " if the dog is still barking , it is undercooked . "
get your asshole blown out at the gloryhole
aussies really are prejudiced .
real bastardos .
they hate the indians , aborigines , blacks , and asians .
do n't even try to talk to them .
had lots of fun yelling back at them .
so many sex perverts that they passed a law forbidding pedophiles from leaving australia .
more aussie tourists die in thailand than any other destination .
why ?
multiculturalism sucks when you 're dealing with people who do not assimilate into the culture of the country they moved into , and that describes many muslims pretty well , and some hispanics , and fewer still africans and asians .
the us should not just be some " open space " , ready to give out square footage to any and all humans who happen to dwell upon the earth and who want to set up shop here with strictly their own culture .
immigration policies that foster that effect a disaster ; it 's a recipe for failure , and europe is learning it the hard way , and we ( some of us anyway ) are too stupid to absorb the lessons learned .
the donald will deport exterminate every cockroache
damn you internet .. bloody jio .. prime user ki kio respect hi nai hai .. & # 128545 ;
& # 8220;@therealmfast : i hate this shit like why y' all bitches think that 's cute ?
http://t.co/uxszexguju&#8221;&lt;total clothing violation
according to turkish media : nightclub gunman suspect is chinese uygur muslim .
it is a payback to canada 's continued support to terrorists in china .
teacher asks class where is pakistan little johnny replies outside with paki steve
why are the dogs in china really fast ?
the slow ones were eaten
< user > < user > < user > millions of yemeni children starve because of trump policies republicans i sleep a woman gets raped and does not want to carry his baby republicans real shit
this from the poster who called obama " president buckwheat " and thought it fun to post dialogue of him speaking in ebonics .
chinese in chinatowns nationwide weep ....
dam shit sad if your for african american people you are president they look for ways to impeach you but if you are white for illegal immigrants nothing happens america is racist it ll never change were facing extinction they hate us for what they have done to us
the asians who let the sea sweep out their kid , are fuckin idiots & do nt deserve that child ... they could nt even save him !
the bitch was more concerned about her purse smh
< user > does the camel jockey prince get to bring his bone saws
ah , right , the barker lady is going to attend an asian - american studies class ?
like that 's going to help , is she required to " pass it with at least a c+ or better " .
barker will probably either cut her classes or harass the other students in the class .
the $ 5,000 fine and banning her from airbnb is probably the more effective method to treat her condition but there are millions of closet - racists like her out there .
< user > it washed 😁
i want two shemales so i can suck one of them and the other can fuck me at the same time .
taina really herb peace bitches think it ’ cute being crazy and ghetto
i hope drouin has found his home with the habs .
maybe but you get them in all races our biggest problem is white underclass like this you need to educate africa to our standards without their whinging about slavery racism making no effort etc then measure it to know for sure
please , rich .
i know you 're much smarter than this .
you were a hippy .
you know better .
what we were taught in the 50 's was the whitewashed one - sided view of history .
colonization = good ; indians = uncivilized savages who had to be defeated to create canada .
in the 60 's , however , we learned much more truth .
we learned the truth is n't black and white ; it 's various shades of gray , depending on who 's telling the story .
we learned colonization created north america as we know it ( mostly good ) but colonization also slaughtered millions of indigenous people , created vicious racism , endless wars among the various empires ,   since the 15th century ( very bad ) .
learning more of the facts is a beautiful thing .
i was a bit sad when i learned that davy crockett and andrew jackson were n't all perfectly good .
but i got over it .
you might have noticed people everywhere just want to be free , free first of all from colonization .
the opposite of colonization is inclusive democracy .
look at wen the freak . .
you can tell its a man lol . . .
hopefully they will abort all the anchor babies illegally born here by the foreign female aliens ! !
it only take one nigga to hurt you and then you start becoming cold hearted
concerned about a twitter purge will surely be meeting some twitter refugee pals here eventually
i ’ m try this relationship one more time before i marry a immigrant for < number > bands
what s tougher than a white man roaming the streets of compton .... a dog roaming the streets of china
again , you must be a newbie .
:-) 


 ( it 's a joke .
you can get it if you try .
otherwise , i guess i 'll just keep trying .
are you pan ? )
indigestion .
" love one another , as i have loved you . "
john 15:12 
 when is the last time you considered that quote before you spoke ?
absolutely !
i used to think women and men were equal in emotional content but boy was i wrong .
i have seen my mom and sister struggle with emotions but when i saw my own daughter struggle i realised that being a girl and going through puberty is an emotional roller coaster that i could not handle personally .
great respect for all the women in my life , including the transgenders .
i love you all !
being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure , her being a paedophile protecting globalist zionist cunt is her own making , as a human , and i use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart !
female genital mutilation .
protection of child abusers by the catholic church .
the catholic church preaching against condoms in countries with high hiv rates .
any of the awful acts committed in syria and iraq in the last few years .
there are so many contenders , it is hard to pick one ...
( 37 ) my dad is black and my mom is from a white dad and indian mom so mixed
you really really really < user > do not like indians every fucking day you just post ugly indian women nonstop we fucking get it indians are ugly like omg stfu with these ugly fucking indians
what two kinds of people are totally different but always look the same ?
asians and hepatitis patients
ad a real one but he look like a cambodian prostitute
what ’s the difference between a chinese driver and paul walker ?
chinese drivers usually come out of a crash alive
this guy literally sounds like homosexual transsexual teacher from south park mr .
garrison 😂 🤣
* thank you * .
​ if you want to support trans lesbians , support * lesbians * .
boom , guess what , you 've already supported us by supporting the larger group .
there 's no reason to ' other ' us by making us a separate category .
somebody on this board is busy complaining that this newspaper has written " thousands of race - baiting articles " against chinese folks in recent years .
race - baiting articles against chinese folks ?
hello ?
um , care to give us a reference for a single such " race - baiting " article ?
i am not so sure it is " race - baiting " when articles appear about money - laundering and corruption and tax evasion involving overseas folks that intersects with canadian real estate .
those are actual events worthy of reporting , as the south china morning post does all the time .
are they a bunch of racists ?
or were you pretending that any such articles are somehow " race - baiting " ?
if so , is it " race - baiting " when this newspaper reports about bernie madhoff 's ponzi scheme , or about american thieves who phone up retired canadians pretending to be grandchildren in need ?
is that " race - baiting " ?
you 're not alone .
my brother and i are the only ones that attend mass regularly .
my mom goes sporadically and my father goes to a lutheran church .
they told me the other day that they thought i was going to church " a lot " .
whatever that means .
i love them both but no one is taking my faith away from me .
this ignorant nigger
it was mostly beaners and asians with the occasional nog
watching this annoying ass man makes me want to never eat another pizza ...... # my600lblife tlc
it is generous of obama to keep from criticizing his inept and clownish successor , but why does he bother -- there wo n't be any credit coming from trump , or from his base or his online frat - boys , or the right - wing media , who 've all made it clear that they view decency and diplomacy as mere weaknesses to be quashed , much too civilized for their liking .
hello , do you want to know how i think nationalism ?
islamists plainly state their goals why are so many in the west unwilling to acknowledge the goals of islam and the consequences of accepting this ideology into western societies it just cohencidenal i am sure
< user > the ccp turned china into chinazi ccp_is_terrorist
this story is likely to end of its own accord .
it has been around for much of this year and is getting long in the tooth .
it has been beaten to death .
there is not much more to say although reporters continue to serve up snippets of detail to titilate readers .
the basic issue is the potential for those attending fundraisers to influence senior politicians .
so far there is no evidence this happening , just rumour and speculation .
even if there is influence that does not mean it is wrong .
politics is all about connections .
to get connected one must attend functions like these .
to ask our politicians to live in a bubble is to ask them to makes themselves irrelevant .
if it was not for the media 's relentless need for material to fill its pages this issue would have gone away months ago .
it is not that important .
a black man , hispanic , and indian man walk into a bar .
the bartender says ... get out
new gab category within a month of markle and her extended ghetto family moving in
🗣 bitch i 'm hood . .
really really hood i be posted up like i wish a nigga would ‼️
" are they entitled- in the scope of the charter- to represent only one side of an issue or one viewpoint while dismissing other viewpoints that may not align with their thinking . "
ah , the classic trumpian moral equivalence argument .
there were " good people on both sides " of that charlottesville rally , were n't there , brad ?
you create an a story & amp ; drastically changed it to a b story which aka you fucked up
i enjoyed 6 round trips to maui over its short time in action .
what a great resource we had , when you pay 20 % more for a meal on maui remember it did n't have to be this way .
a very good example on how a vocal minority can harm the majority .
why on earth should those greedy poor kids get healthcare then there are millionaires in our country who need a 4th home ! !
white guilt is essentially the religion of western civilization with the holocaust narrative being the pivotal event that fuels that particular belief system and more and more people are discovering that there is no god
butterfeet is famous for stealing lasagna so be aware when you are making it
why was the leper hockey game cancelled ?
there was a face off in the corner .
being freelance when you 're not part of a cool scene is fucking hard , yo .
hook your gloomy up , yeah ?
xo
chuck schumer b > you know my name comes from the word shomer guardian watcher my ancestors were guardians of the ghetto wall in chortkov b
a theory of mine : if during ww2 , we did n't nuke japan and instead we just dropped them shits on basedgoth 's house , then deadass i think the world would be a much better place than it is right now ( probably ) !
cancer - cured , world hunger - solved , global warming - would n't exist .
< user > i thought you were like a sophomore help
who did the priest go looking for in china ?
sum yang ho
if dlaimini - zuma is elected then the anc is electing zuma and the guptas to a third term , then a fourth , and when the thief finally kicks it , welcome president duduzane zuma .
i have realized while on stormfront , that my idea of what white looks like is flawed .
yeah , o.k .
then what ?
europe and america will be the only two places on the face of the planet that have _ any _ k8nf of population ?
and then all the places that all those people fleed from , will just soon die out of existence because there is no people to rule over ?
no one to keep those economies going because the people have fled and those countries wo n't be getting aid money because they wo n't need it and the u.s. does n't aid the enemy and does n't aid when there ate no civilians _ to _ aid .
so , yeah, ... even in theory , your plan does n't sound right .
president trump is doing a great job and is no more racist than the squad .
more fun stuff from teens in christian groups at the park , " you ca n't be asian !
they all have names like ching chong ! "
with their chaperone joining in on the laughter !
nia vardalos in my big fat greek wedding made me gay
all brown and black countries are riddled with crime , poverty , and pollution due to the homogenous population 's intellectual hindrance .
facts are racist .
hey , muslim dickhead ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don;t you go and shove allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are many times when it refers to violence .
so go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up .
yey , one less feeble minded prick ion the world .
hey , muslim dickhead ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don;t you go and shove allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are many times when it refers to violence .
so go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up .
yey , one less feeble minded prick ion the world .
the white privilege foolishness came out of the complete and total failure of liberal ideas in america 's inner cities .
an excuse had to be found for the failing schools and government .
funny thing is iq and wealth seem to mirror each other .
asian people have the highest iqs and earn the most money on   average .
i guess asian people have the white privilege thing figured out .
my white privilege is my iq and my parents " raising " .
a few other components of my white privilege are always being on time , finishing school , working multiple jobs including weekends and   holidays ,   having nice manners , and obeying the law .
it was really horrible .
there were , like , five indians , and they all sat around talking about , like , brown shit , and it was the most shitty thing ever .
i was hoping that there would be someone i could talk to , but they were all indian .
i mean the tooly kind of shitty indian , not like you .
you 're okay .
me goodnight devin devin i hope i do nt get raped by a clown
you got a c in precalculus i ?
you 're asian !
you should have gotten an a !
i do not need to read any report in my day we hated pakis we knew they were filth they could not keep their hands of young girls and we are sorted regularly and moved to towns where they had brothers safety in numbers yorkshire it called aka paki land
< user > < user > ching chong < number >
loqueesha loqueesha let down yo weave bitch
do n't understand how i 'm suppose to remain thankful when life just keeps fucking me over .
@_burgesspt cause southern guys suck lol
people be shooting their guns around here late as fuck got me thinking they tryna shoot my black ass 4 jammin jiggaboo music
< user > normani and bts they hate you
druid , awen , bronze pendant , spiritual , pagan , by greenmanjewellery https://t.co/gtxtsygjzd via @etsy
welcome sourcex , i hope you will read more and maybe become a white nationalist , i refrain from calling myself a racist because i do n't hate other races but a white nationalist because i want to preserve my race and culture and to live in a white country .
spanking like gun control is another one of those shitlib causes that if you dig a little deeper into their motivation is really about fixing the normal race based behaviors of urban blacks swpls hate seeing those ghetto mamas beating the snot out of their kids in target
“ never let a bitch take your spot period ” rosa parks < number >
" liz mackean is the second high profile bbc journalist to die in suspicious circumstances after attempting to expose the truth about the pedophile ring operating in the upper reaches of the establishment . "
i 'm no fan of the current government but i doubt they received the larger amounts this article references while claiming only 1500 per guest .
that would be incredibly stupid .
i would not be surprised if they unwittingly and naively got involved with chinese organizers who scalped the access for higher fees .
also dumb but not as reprehensible .
a family of asians are taking a sunday drive .
< repeat > they drive by a pet store with a large sign out front that states " pet adoptions today ! "
the kids start to jump up and down and beg their father to stop .
the father groans in frustration . "
no .
we just ate lunch two hours ago . "
i do n't get why they only searched one day and a few hours the next day .
my cousin is one of the missing .
what about the debris ?
did they check to see if the other two went down with the barge ?
i wish they would have done a little bit more in the sense of search and rescue .
i get that the chances of survival at this point are slim to none , but as a family member , solid answers would be nice .
that may be true regarding pence .
either way there is significant legal debate about whether a president can even be charged with ' obstruction ' similarly to any other position that controls as part of their duties decisions about pursuit or non pursuit of cases ( das for instance ) .
i know partisan democrats like this because it puts trump in a bad light .
there is just no way that it removes him from office without a total change in control of congress .
why are asians and computers similar ?
they both have a tendency to crash
whatever passion i do get from straight men are usually the ones who cheat on their wives or girlfriends with   me 😞
imagine being a head of state from another country , showing up here and promptly being taken to fucking florida of all places
fools for making a point of slamming racist behaviour at the highest level in a country that 's been infected with racism for hundreds of years ?
you 're the fool .
pathetic , it 's time we start erasing people like this from our gene pool .
that is a private matter .
the story has ended , because he said he was sorry .
at least this is what happens with any democrat .
they say their sorry , the media leaves , and the story ends , until a decision is made by the authorities , and then the story ends up behind the sports section .
the left just got caught in their own trap they promote islam and inter racial marriage mudsharks etc now they want to eliminate freedom of association and not mix it up you can not fix stupid
um , the dead man tried to steal my land at gunpoint and brave law enforcement officers killed the armed terrorist dead .
a big thanks to law enforcement for a job well done .
btw it awesome that we can repost comments again what not awesome is that i have learned i have at least one to three faggot bitches in my circle and i have no idea who they are so this is a dark day as well a light one
why do you guys want david to be connected to balloon squad ?
his past can be traumatic for trans viewers and it 's none of our business .
we should respect him and all that matters is that he 's happy right now
the donald will deport exterminate every cockroache
i think i 'm cooler than the blonde ones .
not that i do n't love them , you know , family/ ..
ms. kafer 's qualifications for her conclusions seem to be only the fact that she owns three cats .
she is not a vet nor is she employed or involved in animal sheltering or adoption .
she speculates about the harmful ( to cats ) consequences of a city declaw ban , but the actual consequences of declaw bans in the cities that have had them in place for years is that cats ' lives are saved .
kafer should do some minimal research and stick to writing about what she knows ... if anything .
like the people who had no problem when a 12 - year old tamir rice was murdered by police ?
are those the people you 're talking about ?
when ur about to take a bomb ass selfie and ur phone dies :'(
the only thing holding us back are our traitors and the 40billion anti - european people of the earth that flourished on our technology .
i 'm gona fuck your wallet and your wife so bend over and take it you sissy slut ! #
findom # finsubs # fincuck # alpha
" " " i 'll have a coke " " is pepsi okay ? " "
honestly ... i'm not sure what they were thinking " " so you wanna sierra mist or ... "
she has only herself to blame .
" brainwashed " by dictator trump ? ? ?
the more you listen same words over&over leroy baca did it 2 black&brown in l.a county jail even some fbi agents happened 2 me in 96to97 i m just getting over it still in therapy & medications white men are the end of the world we should have let them die when they got kicked -out people never change u die fuck trump
did you know i argued with a nazi for a good long who argued that hot idf female soldiers are actually ukrainian models he provided absolutely no proof when pressured even reveled in the fact that he was full of shit
lol black people will listen to kanye over all of these retarded news agencies especially if he makes a shitty rap album covering his thoughts hahahahahaha
believe what you want but they are not the minority .
such a dumb protest .
" hands up do n't shoot "   proven false ... the three other white on black police shootings proven false ... two white officers that shot black men wrongfully are now in prison !
where is this false injustice ?
where ?
its all liberal bull%hit !
black , white , hispanics and asian all come back to dover air force draped in the same american flag they are disrespecting !
i served my country , what have you done ?
that was in virginia .
i was talking about quebec .
there were no nazi flags or hitler salutes in canada , but it did n't stop the anti - immigration group from being called white supremacists and racists .
my point was the double standard --- asians get crucified because they buy real estate .
haitians get a free pass to the front of the line , even as people complain about the affordability of rental rates in the super - heated real estate market .
they got ta live somewhere , do n't they ?
i typed this slowly because you must not be able to read very fast .
after reading my reply , am i still a racist in your books ?
if you know " past tense " you would see i used ( past tense ) the word " used " ( past tense ) to be the abbreviation .
your link is for the current 2 letter abbreviation which i am perfectly aware of .
the ny times in 2015 or anytime is hardly the standard for accurate news !
try this instead :   http://obamacarefacts.com/state-health-insurance-exchange/ 

 please give me the location in the u.s. constitution which states any such separation !
have already supplied facts to you .
you just need to look at the links ( which are not slanted ! )
i 'm going to become an alcoholic and a smoker and still be physically healthy 
 alcohol is a great cope
a couple do look grey but the majority of it looks like an ashy blonde colour that really does not blend well with the mousy brown .
i think this is just badly done highlight and seeing as this person has awful taste in clothing and posts crap like this i would n't expect them to have much better taste in dye jobs
if you are a woman and you drive over < number > mph on the freeway you are a lesbian sorry i do not make the rules do not worry we will take care of you now
it 's powerful & amp ; enviable how both @sidneydtorresiv & amp ; @realseanconlon handle issues .
clear 2 see why the thrive !
@thedeedcnbc @thedeedchicago
forgot to do something about a population of people that hated america back in the 1860s .
that wound just festered and their children were bred and taught to hate .
easing tension between the us and russia is secondary , to the trump haters .
to the far left it is far more important to continue the trump collusion witch hunt .
everybody criticize lebron as if they can do w this nigga has done for the last < number > yrs lol
@_red_benny the shit that goes down in asia and the middle east defies belief .
putrid cunts .
guys , shoot that bitch .
commend her for attending ?
big deal !
it 's not like a great sacrifice considering she has n't been busy at all with any cause or anything of note , quite the contrary .
no , she is n't ' he ' but with a little self respect she would n't be with whom she is either !
" wilfully ignorant " ?
you just used a derogatory slur offending an entire nation !
i 'm fearful of what terms you would use to describe an chinese immigrant you deem to have poor driving skills or a frugal south asian .
< user > < user > < user > with a room full of white folks
trump spent entire month spouting racial , immigrant and islamic hatred & attacked a jewish jounalist .
what does he think will happen when he gloats over a crime to a black man rep cummings .
crimes against poc are good ?
he has told racists they are " fine people " # trumpterrorist
did n't we roast your people enough when we dropped the bomb ?
if our civilization is not superior why do immigrants flock here rather than stay in their native regions the united states is not geographically contiguous with syria
like my mood is so fucking killed i hate how terrible this experience is
definitely when they started promoting asian women and kike bitches over breeding white women i knew they were explicitly anti white faggots fuck them all
the only thing that will help in the long term is to get the villages on the road system .
without ground transportation these villages will continue to be nothing else .
judge sally cahill said it was a worse crime to rape an asian child than to rape a white child and should carry a longer sentence
sometimes god does n't give what you want .
not because you do n't deserve it , but because you deserve more !
zack buck unpacks flaws in states ' medicaid managed care bidding processes . #
slu_healthlaw # slu_law https://t.co/jmoeqv1x2f
now if the chinese   could stop killing tigers which are on the endangered list for their silly purposes .
fuck my cock suckin ass
as a brown muslim teenage girl living in australia , she gives me so much strength , one of my biggest heroes for sure .
its messed up how ugly i think i look 
 its not healthy at all
this , along with the battle for britain , are two of the five biggest mistakes the nazis made during the war .
the others being operation barbarossa , declaring war on the u.s. , and the battles of stalingrad and kursk .
they should have totally committed to the utter defeat of the trapped solidiers on dunkirk , followed up by the destruction of britain 's air fighting capability .
this would have knocked britain out of the war .
you wanna know what i miss about college bonus dollars paying for food is ghetto as hell
more chinese nonsense ...
even tho i alrdy know everything that 's gon na happen in desperate housewives i still get fuckin pumped when i watch it again
my grandpa keeps asking me when i am going back to visit his conservative hometown < sad > the harassment was bad with my big hair and now that i am visibly read as queer bc short hair 🥴 🥴 🥴 🥴
someone forgot to read ' boating 101 ' prior to launch . '
install drain plug ' is high on the checklist .
bust out another thousand bro .
duh kpop stans fetishize asians but its rly disturbing every time i see it blerghb
there is such a thing as a human race but different sub species .
femme girl here dating a black butch and she is by far the sexiest girl i have ever dated .
equality , freedom , and human rights .
it is such a beautiful things .
you do not find a poll that has trump leading hillary for the first time ever significant ?
i agree that with over two months to go , it may not be all that important to the results on nov. 8th yet , but you and i differ on the first poll showing trump with a lead being significant or not .
i think it is significant and you do n't .
you support hillary and i do n't .
no surprise there .
within two or three days after the first debate between romney and obama , romney surged to a slim lead .
did it stick ?
no , it did n't but romney refused to capitalize on that performance and lost the race .
i also point out that a lot can happen between now and nov. 8th .
not getting tripped up , you just have a problem in reading comprehension .
nothing new there either .
< user > lmfaoo ya moms a hoe
too bad clicking on this link in safari reports a blocked plug - in and wo n't display or download the pdf , since the method used by g&m is n't secure !
this is the only website i have that this happens with .
smoove criminal moonwalk on a hoe like michael
ahhhhh .... so with that logic a large influx of immigrants due to open borders and/or amnesty will blow the cost of medicaid through the roof ?
thank you for agreeing why bloated entitlement programs and a progressive path is unattainable .
all the nations trump has insulted and vilified should boycott america .
then trump would have to buy his steel and other products in america , bank in america and hire and actually pay - gasp!-american employees .
suck on it slow lil bitch , fuck on the flo ' lil bitch url
well will roast u till crunchy , like u do with ur poppadoms u indian fuck
o i remember nikki her real shit skin name is nimrod i do nt know why she s allowed to use a fucking alias to make her stupid name look white but the fucking cow worshiping dothead makes me fucking sick 😑
getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting a puppy today getting
this is dreadful , backed by greedy chinese investors who do nt give a crap about our environment or quality of life .
chinese money is destroying the environment all over the world , riding roughshod over local people and nature .
there is plenty of brownland available for redevelopment in this area .
this is where this project belongs .
i do n't get why they only searched one day and a few hours the next day .
my cousin is one of the missing .
what about the debris ?
did they check to see if the other two went down with the barge ?
i wish they would have done a little bit more in the sense of search and rescue .
i get that the chances of survival at this point are slim to none , but as a family member , solid answers would be nice .
it is not a civilized nation in which the assault of women and children worse yet by foreign invaders is met by inadequate or even no punishment and the response is not mobs of men armed with torches and rope
kill yourself instead
that indian bitch is just a dumb cunt
< user > you forgot to mention illegal muslim refugee
that is exactly why taking an over simplistic view of the issue is a mistake no women do not run the world through sex and reproduction rights and yes men take the most dangerous jobs and deserve far more credit for it than they get true equality does not exist
criticizing the chinese for human rights abuses is like shooting fish in a barrel .
it is also futile .... as if anyone in china gives a damn about what she has to say .
if this is her " crowning achievement " , she has set the bar far too low and should try doing something that actually makes a difference .
or is the real goal to to be seen as an activist critical of the chinese ? ?
i dot get why asians are so good at math they can barely see the numbers
spanish people are more sexy than anyone in the world 😍
< user > let ’ see some of you zealot commenters volunteer to house the illegal aliens
how many of y' all have watched the documentary , " the sign " - and what are your thoughts ?
< user > < user > you had no choice hilly baby you needed him more than he needed you the only thing hillbilly bill needed a woman for was between her legs and you never
let those fuck face cock sucking cunt get called as mass murderer .
they will be remembered for killing innocent ciitzens .
their punishment will be their wives raped .
or probably their daughter
people with talent something you paki street shitters lack
@wokieleaks1 they do n't care about intelligence or anything of the like , they just want an excuse to hate the evil browns
asylum was set up for people who come here legally , like visiting , or scholarship , work visa things like that and do not want to go back home .
that 's what political asylum is for .
half of pastors afraid of speaking on controversial issues , offending congregation url
uk libtards dear lord please make prince george gay as gay as boy george or maybe even gayer so that same sex marriage will be supported sparkles and glitters amen
nobody cares about the boys , not even the mods of /r / mensrights
# yesallwomen because when the ups delivery man for my office when i was a 20 - something sexually harrassed me he was reassigned , not fired .
clueless boomer jews do nt want refugees because muslims hate them
this is a bullshit story , fully your usual politicianese .
any help chinese business interests bring in , take more than 4 times out .
china helps chinese , not africa .
google it !
ms. pattis , thank you for saying what should be obvious to all .
russia 's decades - long promise to divide and conquer the us should not be forgotten .
putin is determined to make russia world - dominant .
being revictimized by insurance companies .
there needs to be government intervention .
class - action law suits and laws preventing insurance companies from escaping their responsibilities .
in cages that obama built .
fuck cheating asian dog cunts
scenes of joy as decriminalization of homosexuality made official in botswana # repeal164 url
so my spanish teacher asked who was absent me : mi vida
doufus is putting it mildly .
the chinese are thieves , actually .
just to be clear , you 're saying i should reformat ?
pathetic , it 's time we start erasing people like this from our gene pool .
don , to quote a phrase enunciated by fr .
tom doyle ( in robert blair kaiser 's book " whistle " ; on tom 's steadfast witness ) that probably the " two polar regions " are the only places free of clerical child abuse .
prophetic words .
idiot kids all over europe flew over to join in the murder - rape - ness of it all , then are getting sad for now suffering repercussions .
countries as a whole seem to be staying quiet about it , letting iraq handle it .
nice !
as a bi couple , we thoroughly enjoy bi dad friends =)
it is ' silly ' because the ' reserve ' was not evaluated using accepted good practice .
i do not contest estimates ... i simply question how this point was derived .
i love this song because it tell 's you no matter who you are , our what you are , we 're all different !
at the end of the day we are all human , and we are all discriminating each other over the colour of our skin our how we dress !
we should treat each other with respect and the way we would like to be treated !
it 's 2019 can we just respect each other !
their is already so much bad in this world of our 's !
i 'm sure we do n't want any more .
the point of this song is that we should stop judging people and get on with our own business !
if your still reading this i hope you have an amazing day ! ! !
=) )
happy birthday to a brother , friend & amp ; our executive producer , femi kuton @femi0404 .
may your joy never cease sir .
lion of badagry ! ! ! & #
128591 ;
perhaps this say more about you than it does about his comment ...
i 'm a republican and i 've never said to anyone that there will be $ 4,000 tax cuts .
but i am enjoying my $ 2,500 insurance premium cut .
how 's yours ?
creator wants me to stop reading and start singing ?
too bad .
maybe if he did n't have such a slow computer .
stop the bs spicer @presssec .
if @housegop would have moved forward with nom of merrick garland this mess would n't be happening . #
obstruct
on google , collusion is defined as “ secret or illegal cooperation or conspiracy , especially in order to cheat or deceive others . ”
and that is exactly what was going on .
> just look at what female birth control does to women does what ?
either way they 'd still be foids .
illegal aliens storming a nation 's borders is definitely an invasion .
millennials : boo boo i have so much college debt also millennials : undocumented migrants definitely deserve free college
you sound racist .
why are you referencing skin color and hair ?
< user > < user > that ’ ghetto okay 😂 😭
hitler was about as jewish as a negro is a chinaman .
yes and thank you to those who reported this vile sicko .
every slant in # losangeles should be deported .
those scum have no right to be here .
chinatown should be bulldozed .
gab day i think it a great day to get the word out to all of our friends family coworkers and fellow countryman about where to find a real uncensored free speech community to replace that globalist internet spying ghetto called twitter let make today gabday
i need more gay friends 🏳 ️ ‍ 🌈
american renaissance supremacist ?
there are vids online of jared taylor online saying " no ' , asians are smarter and blacks better athletes .
i think there are some great country and western songs about or related to driving trucks .
ah , you do n't want ' them ' to be accommodated .
the ' them ' that in the past has been black , chinese , latino , gay , lesbian .
and it might make a soldier uncomfortable ?
if it does , then that snowflake soldier ai n't gon na be much of a soldier if that 's all it takes to affect his / her morale .
have you thought at all bout this fakenose , or do you just post your prejudices anyway ?
nope , we would n't went ' them ' in the military .
or as neighbours , huh , fakenose ?
asylum was set up for people who come here legally , like visiting , or scholarship , work visa things like that and do not want to go back home .
that 's what political asylum is for .
clearly your a chinese hack troll , go away little one , we see thru the bs , , international waters start at 250 miles of the coast and it was much much farther
partially a sense of humor .
but i think i raised a good point and i 'm disappointed the post was removed .
diversity is more than just spicy food and cute dances .
i 'm of italian decent .
a lot of my family members and other fellow italian - americans are very big on " their roots " .
i do n't really care .
i 'm more interested in having things in common with the people around me , enjoying the things i like , and being an overall decent moral person .
the traditions of my ancestors are n't important to me , only the traditions of my immediate family are .
i think it will be good if we see more international commonalities , particularly in this era of connectivity .
times change .
@cheelau @sadiqkhan trusted to teach their kids simple things like sex education , things about lgbt+ or not to be racist i think it 's in schools where that should start .
burn him , and his family .
we do n't need such degenerate in our gene pool
photos : gov. ambode receives queen ’s baton of commonwealth game at lagos https://t.co/onr2myc2jv https://t.co/5amyflwssw
hillberg100 < number > day ago ask maxines wig about that < number > russian retirement fund or her hubbys bank bailout when he did not need or her living outside her ghetto districts that have the lowest living standards well below poverty levels
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
racism is only a problem now because minorities continue to think they 're oppressed .
to be chad for a week 
 what would you do if you were all of sudden born chad for one week
the israelites who voluntarily emigrated to egypt seeking a better material life remained there for approximately four centuries and became slaves to the egyptians . #
palestine # نحو_القدس
how did these jews make such an accurate representation of the pro white movement it just like us
if a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites .
> both may or may not have involved racism the racial abuse this cunt was shouting might be a clue .
lukaku fucked that up !
could have put mirralas through for 0 - 2
totally average straight , middle aged , white , american guy here .
my totally average straight , middle aged , white / black / native , american friends and say i love you to each other all the time .
we 've lost a few friends the past couple of years and our mortality has been front and center , so the practice just kind of crept in .
i like it .
i remember trying to put on a strap on once while drunk 😂 up to this day i did not succeed no wonder i failed at being a proper dyke
can you shoot someone if they pull pepper spray on you ?
seriously , anyone knowing ?
bs we immigrants do not fear trump what so ever ... that is fake news illegal aliens are not immigrants .
we , immigrants , back trump 300 % and we say deport them all .
i can explain polio vaccination .
we all had our vaccinations as kids , except a couple .
it was sad watching one of the two with steel leg braces and crutches 3 years later
been networking with a lot of black and hispanic women
" never forget to hate brown people "
this is totally an experience a lot of white kids can relate to .
i once had a friend who wished she was indian - loved the food , dance , culture , everything !
then she went to china and wished she was chinese !
why do chinese warriors die so easily in battle ?
no matter how much protective garments they wear , there 's still a chink in the armour .
< user > < user > have you ever thoight about who have left thier home forcefully whom daughters raped and people killed ans no you are sick
i am white .
not a single one of my rights is threatened by my muslim or chinese neighbours .
on the other hand , i do feel threatened by ignorant people who see immigrants and people of colour as the enemy .
that 's no excuse for stealing other people 's technology and research and intellectual property you 're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are and your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you 'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites you chinks are determined to eat every pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
kirishima best boy president of the respecting women club top < number > feminists of all time defender of lesbians sweet baby kirishima
too late .
just come to markham .
my kids are getting shafted in every way so chinese kids are accommodated .
@darkskinntatted you ugly as hell so i 'm not gon argue with you .
rat face ass 😭 .
yo slut ass mama should 've swallowed 😩 url
@money route what u whtte rat not scared ?
lol u typical deluded drug addict gay wedding product puxxy , 5foot 6 ?
lol that s u fccking whte rats , chinese average is 179 cm , the one of tallest in entire world , that s why yao ming is tallest nba players , while u merican rats especially whte rats are all born dwarfs , and u maericans are most useless pxxys everybody in world beat shat out of u in war , even somalian pirates with no guns , and come to china , face to face , i can beat sht out of u with my one hand
fun fact - by recycling just one glass bottle , the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours
all children should be respected in schools .
every single child whether black , asian , white , hispanic , indian .... even mixed race must be respected .
each child has an inherent value that must never be violated .
please share to help uncover the racism in the classroom
that 's completely true , i have a 3 - y - o son and he does n't like at all to play with brown - skinned boys or girls , i especially remember once a pair of twin girls came up to kiss him and he just ran away , it was the enchantment of the white man !
looks like your average ghetto hopper
iq does not explain why asians love communism tho i think it just heir character and mentality ant people
i should get myself a little group of slaves to cater to the frequent needs of my dick .
😈 🔥 🍆 i shoot big loads like this , so there would be plenty of man milk for them to share .
💦 💦 💦 source : @pigsp1 # cumshot # gaysex # bdsm # nsfw # gay url
maria l < number > year old medicine student from germany raped and killed by a muslim refugee
bull excrement .
the chinese have done nothing to date ..... oh , and it 's been over 65 years .
to this point : it is my feeling that folks would largely like to stay where they are , mostly , and it is violence & abuse of power which forces them to make impossible decisions , decisions most americans and probably all white americans literally can not fathom .
i still have n't heard a good name for ex - christians .
there are more and more of us every day .
it 's a weird spot to be in , especially when a lot of your family is still religious .
should women be held accountable by their children for causing birth defects by drinking , smoking , or doing drugs ?
we 're very sorry if we offended you .
this was very uncomfortable for us .
the problem was not you , g - d forbid , but that your relationship would become a topic at the shabbos table that might cause our other guests discomfort and confuse our children .
again we apologize for offending you .
shabbat shalom .
you 're not paying attention to your fellow anti - kneeling allies .
they definitely see kneeling as a disrespectful , anti - american , anti - flag , anti - country , anti - military , anti - patriotic act .
if you 're changing your tune , i 'm stunned .
and you love diversion .
what s tougher than a white man roaming the streets of compton .... a dog roaming the streets of china
you are aware that , like most other countries , hong kong also has foreign ownership regulations and that many hk regulations were in reaction to the flood of mainland chinese money entering their market ?
is hk being " racist " just like the white and asian canadians who are outraged that our politicians have allowed canada to import china 's corruption and income inequality problems ?
fuck off you cuntrag bitch !
i 'm convinced that females like ugly ass niggas in 2019
since asians are often honorary aryans they will naturally be targeted next
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
i meant the development of higher life .
what 's wrong with dino 's ?
i appreciate the sentiment , but consider the economics-- those 10 missiles would destroy how many millions or billions of dollars ( individual lives aside ) ?
each dprk nuke that makes it through represents a neighborhood evaporated ( 30kt yield will destroy most structures within a 1 - mile radius ) .
now imagine even higher yields making it through .
the cost of r&d / deployment for missile shields is usually compared to the consequences of zero defense ( in light of the potential threat ) .
idk i feel awkward being a black girl on this bc : 1 ) all the thinspo are light girls which makes me wanna be lighter 2 ) i feel like i ca n't really relate to anyone 3 ) i feel alone 🥺
he also said that isis would be defeated within a month , and that he 'd release his tax returns ...... neither of which has happened ( and one of which he has stated he won't be doing ) .
i 'm about to the point of no longer taking you seriously .
i 'm not sure who he has brought down so far ..... but you 're entitled to live in whatever dreamworld you want .
a theological truth can not be subjected to a scientific test .
science is completely restricted to the physical .
we should rename toronto 's jack layton ferry docks .
he too was racist .
he was a white man who used   asian women as sex objects for his sexual appetites .
he was found in a brothel with an asian woman , even though he was married to olivia chow .
it is no different from what white catholic priests did to indigenous people at residential schools .
but the moral standards of the politically correct left , he offends me so he has to go .
jack layton does n't deserve memorials , despite him being sainted by trade unions and the left .
of course they will be outraged   if jack layton 's reputation is sullied in any way , but they have such qualms about inflicting the same indecency on the memories of other perfectly fine people .
rwingintellectual 
 our " cousins " south of the border ?
not mine .
jeff sessions just announced " daca is being rescinded . "
potential employer on the phone : : i 'm assuming that your language is japanese .
me , who is mixed - race and born in the u.s. : : um , no .
my language is english .
pissed off at the assumption that people with asian last names ca n't be americans .
< user > < user > < user > he is a fucking nutter is < user >
so they opened a pet friendly mall next door .
< repeat > now i can finally take my chinese with me
people say suicide is n't the answer that 's when life is too much i kill others .
although i had heard of this link before , tonight was the first time i checked it out : new nation news - black - on - white crime it 's pretty much a site that mirrors this thread .
i 'm all for equality .
so fuck black people .
and fuck hispanic people .
and fuck muslims too .
and asians .
and indians .
and jews for that matter , fuck them .
and fuck this fat fuck in particular .
hi pnolan , 

 as someone who strongly believes in a limited lawful government , i agree with you that authority should be challenged each and every day ;   but i argue there are more proper , legal   and productive ways to do this then racing away from a police officer .
as to toms comment on kids lack of respect towards authority , not only do i completely agree with him , but i believe this lack of respect   is the very foundation by which our society is failing .
after all , kids grow up to be adults , and many adults today are just as disrespectful towards others as the very kids they claim to be raising .
not once have you refuted my arguments you ran from the debate like the faggot you are i stole your dinner money gave you a wedgie and stuffed you in your own locker 🐸
kevin spacey raped me by making me watch all the way through that queer man fantasia american beauty in the hope of seeing mena suvari tits metoo
of course i 'm attracted to pamela anderson !
what normal man would n't be ?
it made me sick looking at all the blacks and asians .
his accomplice went back to germany and probably died of natural causes not too long after .... perhaps the only jew to voluntarily go back to nazi germany .
when the arrests go down .
the last thing these feminazi are going to be concerned about are king donnie 's taxes !
completely ignorant of what ?
that oriental is no longer in use for east asians ?
the rest of their argument has grounds in reality .
migrants worker alliance for change should be barred from canada .
they want canadian jobs to be replaced by foreigner students .
all the liberals congregating to have canadian jobs replaced by foreigner nationals .
ban them !
oh , but according to them , everyone who is n't white and heterosexual is a degenerate !
a lot you hoes ain t lady like then wonder why you can not find a man you a slut nigga like sluts but just to fuck nun else
if she feels so strongly , she could always donate her time , money , or both .
surely doing so is not beneath her .
sometimes i wonder if it is because whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently .
what 's the difference between an asian and a dildo ?
you ca n't buy dildos that short
# newtopic : ' 🎬 hollywood ' @ 🐸 
 speak freely about ' # hollywood ' ... 

 and there is planty to speak about ...
roll tide , bitches
it 's official , just got disowned by my dad
as a chinese , i feel good for that .
nyt itself charges money for people to access their website while only propaganda is free .
they are all garbage .
just dump them .
always comes from countries where blacks are .. smh
you niggas really be in dms with whole ass girlfriends like are y' all good lmao
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
tighten the sanctions and do not negotiate with ragheads if you do nt want to get nuked by them .
not as hard as it must be for you a basic bitch libertarian desperately cuckposting retarded memes to your internet black friend to prove you are not racist
dm me to see my cock # hard # cock # cumtribute # horny
i have to admit , that particular line by @lukemckinney is eerily similar to my standard way of telling idiots to fuck off .
people with talent something you paki street shitters lack
< user > now it is a democrat ghetto that they are hiding
god ’s presence empties self and leads to surrender .
you can not be in god ’s presence and maintain a focus on self # goodmonday # victory # peace
it really does n't matter if you do n't believe or get that people choose to be called different than their assigned gender , it 's just a matter of being respectful .
🤷 🏻‍ ♀ ️
x - post : til the world health organization campaigns against female circumcision while simultaneously campaigning for circumcision in the same countries .
zero reason for president trump to listen to the 9th circuit or other shitlib judges when the supreme court unanimously overturns their shitty communist decisions !
< user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong biggest cowards criminals keep on chattering audibly in < number > < number > wellington circle singapore he is arranging the biggest racial violence the world has ever seen drug addicts pseudo terrorists might be employed talks of uk citizens now
to many people do n't want to see it for what it is , so they claim the race card .
sad world we live in .
send your skanky wife back !
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island 2 , and my score was : 265 # gameinsight # paradiseisland2
idk about you but i think kimjongun is perhaps retarded no offense to retarded people northkorea
stupid ass looking queensryche cage tappy tappy drumming
it was then that gay retard world revealed itself to me
the republican legislature had its opportunity to veto the guv .
instead , as usual , they did nothing .
a lot of ppl complaining abt white ppl fetishizing asians but when are we gon na talk abt all these asian ppl who use their ethnicity to get clout
oh muslim leaders of today do you think that you will be not asked about not fulfilling your duty of jihad in the day of hashar believe me its your misconception یو این چھوڑ خلافت لا کشمیر کو آزاد کرا
weeks after nixon had resigned , 30 - 35 % of the us public still believed that watergate was something cooked up by the press , and other forces aligned against nixon ( the democrats , the press , the russians , various unions , etc ... never mind that it was republican congressional leaders that pushed him to resign as they would no longer support him ) .... 6 months to a year later , market researchers / pollsters gathering data on unrelated subjects asked questions on demographics , voting trends etc ... turns out only 5 % of people asked had actually voted for nixon in 1972 .... for the record , nixon won 61 % of the popular vote .... funny how that happens ....
not a black woman in sight except for his mother ! !
gtfoh !
🙄
guys fam y all my dudes i keep thirsting over lee soohyuk nam joohyuk and shin hoseok y all got ta stop me i m an ainnocent child ,
< user > it starts off with that infamous footage where trump egomaniacally rudely arrogantly pushes away the prime minister of montenegro and trump is proud of that footage apparently we are letting trump down not sending in men with white coats to take care of him
there was a guy out front with signs about homosexuality telling us all about how we are all going to hell .
deport him back to where he came from
its messed up how ugly i think i look 
 its not healthy at all
this is exactly why we need to make america white again .
brown people are uncivilized savages that contaminate the earth .
trump 2020 🇺 🇸
well here we have it a white european team against a latin american team .
we have done so well so far .
that a white team has come this far is being considered as incredible by some .
but since the next games are in germany2006 would n't it be wonderful if a northern european team won this ! ! !
already i have read about german superiority rascist remarks .
pamela leighas pallessen - scherehart
' shark tank ' investor barbara corcoran reveals her top 3 productivity tricks https://t.co/y1e55dehgi # productivity # todolist # getthingsdone
no kidding !
those darn international sprint organizations keep discriminating against asian and caucasian runners on this ridiculous arbitrary basis of " sprint times " .
everybody knows all human ethnic subgroups are biologically identical in every single way except for skin tone .
the olympics needs to stop discriminating and ensure the spring events are more diverse .
a couple of " wish we were niggas " wanna a be pussies .
weak as fuck !
i took that post and expanded on it in a new thread because i do n't want to derail the music thread .
work done for the week , blackpool fucking come at us ! & #
127867;&#127867;&#127867 ;
get off your sad bitch shit and get on your bad bitch shit
< user > < user > needs there anymore don ’ t retarded there i fixed your ridiculous tweet for you
it 's not though because this is aja speaking from the perspective of a group she identifies with ( even though she is not ethnically part of that group , she was adopted by a puerto rican family and raised in the culture ) .
the point is contentious even within the community but there are definitely people that support it .
i 'm a light skinned asian ( not mixed / questionably white - passing like manila ) and there 's some merit to what aja said but it 's really not her place to make that statement .
fun sucks on the internet all we do is forced into one battle or the next or just building our profiles up with all u need to know about how educated we are on race culter or other issues in life past or future but same time fighting for freedom that is at threatening paths of enemies in our nation
here i thought south indians were the smart ones smh .
how do you blindfold an asian if you do n't have a blindfold ?
give them your shoelace .
was it tuesday night ?
or wednesday morning ?
or tuesday morning ?
12:20 a.m.
this is fucking groundbreaking for representation today .
the only quip i have is that it 's kinda implying that non - binary people are women too ?
like the point of they - series pronouns is to not be identified as male or female .
but also that 's a really difficult line , if you grew up being gendered as a woman then you still had to put up with the struggles of being a woman in society
friendly reminder that you are going to be debating an actual < percent > er lowtax ask him if his mail order gook wife will be listening
as i commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war .
my beautiful blonde hair blue eyed niece annabella just turned 2 yesterday and it 's my duty to educate and teach her white values and her heritage because she is the future of our white race and will someday bring some beautiful white children of her own into this wolrd .
that 's great .
lgb(not so much t ) people are fully accepted into the church .
it 's when you start having gay " marriages " and gay " sex " is a problem .
i 'm a bisexual myself .
you just need to not express the gay part .
< user > < user > they kill all the women and rape all the horses
fellani and giroud still get games for the two biggest clubs in england , so fucked
so what if muslims become the majority ?
anybody who knows any muslims knows they are little different from any other religion or culture .
how often have you heard the muslim community balk at usury ?
almost never , and its too bad .
personally i think we ought to subscribe to that jewish and christian notion of forgiving debts every seven years .
but what can you do ?
it practically goes without saying that in a century canada wo n't be predominantly white .
so what ?
i lived in waterloo where some streets by the university are in chinese .
so what ?
white people suck .. 
 black people suck .. 
 yellow people suck .. 
 brown people suck .. 
 humans in general suck ... 
 rant over thank you ...
i hate niggas with big feet
send your skanky wife back !
chapos sure love that tokenism as a shield .
1 brown guy sometimes .
1 woman sometimes .
covering those bases , but not in any real numbers ...
just purge them from your country .
robert downey junior swore in some children with cancer as honorary avengers in singapore .
i doubt they will live long enough to see the movie come out tho
it is a guy
the chinese are supplying the demand for elephant tusks , shark fins , rhino horns ..... this is known worldwide .
this is not racist or biased or anti chinese ..... this is the absolute truth .
just like n americans like their fentanyl ...... i do nt deny this .
but to hide behind the truth that the chinese not not wiping out nature due to there strange superstitious notions that tiger penis will make their penis bigger is bullcrap
has twitter seriously gotten to the point of committing suicide by cop ?
i made a joke about freedom north koreans did n't get it
every gook in # losangeles should be deported or killed .
well will roast u till crunchy , like u do with ur poppadoms u indian fuck
she 's trying to play it as " we can have our own opinions but i still respect you " - no .
she does n't .
she admitted that she was selling out .
< user > waisay hai tou innovative u know like in the west they call them redneck 😅
i had insta just to bully normies
fucking infidels .
allah will take care of them
" perhaps if all americans would quietly reflect on the fact that whites will be a minority by 2040 - 45 , then with this inevitability , we could redirect the hate , anger , violence and fear of the extreme right into something more constructive and nation - building . "
that 's an interesting view .
i mean i might still be alive in 2045 - maybe .
i 'm not really worried about what color people are though .
it 's hard to be completely color blind , but i grew up not even realizing that " hispanic " was a separate race from white people and it was n't for a lack of being around people from mexico , puerto rico and cuba either .
i just thought they were white people from countries where spanish was the predominant language , much like italians were from a country where they spoke italian and belgians spoke some weird language and came from belgium .
are italians still considered white these days ?
let 's ask richard spencer .
meh , they 're probably not .
i think we 're all human still .
oh my fucking god 
 the cook who just made my burger looks exactly like jeremy meeks .
will you meet with the congressional black caucus ryan asked trump responded i would you want to set up the meeting are they friends of yours black activists complain that trump assumes nigger ryan knows nigger caucus members he did not assume he asked if they were her friends
no asians no women on my profile thank u 💞
what 's wrong with dino 's ?
of course this is the most efficient way to solve the too many east south asians problem
this is very true also the reason asians get the asian fever after drinking
get off your sad bitch shit and get on your bad bitch shit
pakistan should nuke india , even if they nuke us in return .
we are ready to die but annihilate india too .
the future world will thank us for ridding the world of this ugly hindu rat infestation .
# kashmirparfinalfight
because of the loopholes in our current immigration policy , migrants are undertaking the dangerous journey to enter the u.s. illegally .
mass amnesty that the dems are pushing wo n't . . .
✖ protect migrants ✖ secure our border ✖ support @cbp agents
this is an issue of stereotypes .
blacks ganged up , italians mobbed up , chinese , hard working and industrious but ganging quietly , phillipinoes , and hispanics , the new middle class .... and grumpy old white men embezzling corporate profits .
all brought to you buy hollywood and mass media .
its so scary to transition while in a relationship .
i m doing it to but i m with a cisguy and i 'm a trans guy .
it 's called out of co bureaucrats building a monument to themselves .
want to take bets on which construction company gets the job .
people need to send copies of the red guards article to the white house .
it 's a shame that a few well placed bureaucrats can take a good idea like the original ltd and turn it into a scam .
what a joke
< user > do not do that bro watch out for them white folks lol
that man finna die
often overshadowed by breast cancer awareness month october is also domestic violence awareness month in a year over < number > million women and men are victims of rape physical violence or stalking by an intimate partner in the us
u can b a nigga or a bitch a dyke is da same thang we gone put dat iron on yo pussy ass
dude , you look delicious .
if i suck you off , will you get me hard in your mouth and fuck your front hole before i come inside your boy hole ?
i hope your mom gets robbed by a female child .
i bet men in their 70s shoot their cum to this little whore
i think that lincoln would suffice as a hero and i was around when all of this rebranding was going on so i think i know a little about what i am speaking about .
if you want to hang your hat on nixon bringing in southern racists into the republican party .
think again nixon brought in the voters that were disgusted that the democrats brought to the table like the kkk , jim crow in the south .
yes , they were religious and yes they were conservative as far as racist or anti - constitution you are wrong .
a hallmark of the conservative agenda is preserving the constitution , something the democrats have tried to dismantle ever since it was written .
regarding identity politics , clearly you are either unwilling to see what is going on around you or are ignorant .
by dividing the country up into special interests poor whites , blacks , asians , gays , straights , rich , poor only serves to weaken us .
that is what the article said .
she was found in a closet in a nearby home , then fought the troopers , probably with her fists .
would you like being spit on with blood , not knowing what , if any diseases she may be carrying ?
if she has aids , she could be charged with attempted murder .
others have .
@darkskinntatted you ugly as hell so i 'm not gon argue with you .
rat face ass 😭 .
yo slut ass mama should 've swallowed 😩 url
so much for all this equal opportunities bollocks i still have not seen a white guy working in an indian restaurant
no thanks .
just expensive cheaply - made chinese junk .
police have always hated pakis up until recently now the police are using pakis to shiw how pc they are but yes police have always hated pakis and white girls seen with them i can assure you no one likes pakis when i was growing up because they are vile people
jc stang the big 3 , employment , housing & medicine .
lgbt can be legally discriminated in many states .
f the gop it drowning itself in the bathtub unless you people are just going to give up and let these nazi puke sacks win i am never going to quit fighting white supremacists until they are gone republicans are the party of white supremacy that their identity 👻
boyfriend is raped , everyone is like " yep rape go to the cops "
i finally had the energy to go to target today !
but realized when i got back to my car that i forgot kleenex & amp ; was too tired to go back in.&#128530 ;
go back to japan !
< user > yes they put fear in black people jews and even white civil rights workers and they deny the holocaust ever happened
that 's what some of the local japanese families do all the time .
it 's called play .
most japanese think killing is play .
just like this one .
just another excuse to use his car .
http://www.denverpost.com/2017/09/11/fatal-child-hit-and-run-adams-county/
had a really great time working with apple 's hls adaptive video streaming protocol , very cool technology with great browser support !
trumpty does it for the world to see every day .
the really funny thing about your last post is that you can not " support " your position with fact checked " facts " .
breitbart is the national enquirer for politics .
they may get a story half right about ten percent of the time , but the other 90 percent of the time their " stories " are back by " unnamed or anonymous sources " .
another case of trash hanging out with trash .
like the kkk & trumpty .
shall donald 's name calling tactics turn you off you should n't vote for him .
does " cultural appropriation " mean the black musicians can be prevented from playing tchaikovsky or bach ?
or an asian girl who wants to be a ballerina can be told to go away ?
or natives will accept that they simply have to give up pizza and chinese food ?
no of course not : that would be racist .
this is happening at pleasant hill high school as well with girls softball coach .
he was removed from boys baseball for behavioral issues , and now allowed to continue with varsity softball despite numerous complaints .
school denies bullying behavior .
they are saying it is " not a positive experience . "
today your gay bae became a licensed cosmetologist in the state of nevada! 🥰 💯 🙌 🏾 thanks god. 🙏 🏾 # blessed url
< user > oh now that one was rich she misses willie her actions are what we call po trailer trash
that like saying the british wanted a deluge of asians arabs and muslims in an already crumbling under resourced nation and now we must watch as they take over germans have been persecuted and subjugated since wwii and have obeen cowed by jews as unwarranted punishment it not their fault
so our future is smog , corruption , lies , and living in a third world country ?
no thanks , i 'll do without china .
some people like living in first world countries .
i do n't like living like a stupid peasant .
maybe chinese like it , because it 's all they know .
i like my western " decadence " of flush toilets , sanitation , clean air , clean water , and all those other niceties .
iran calls america " the great satan . "
the mullahs constantly call for our death .
wake up america and smell the jihad .
url
i think the us should have taken them out .
one warning , and take them down .
the chinese are bullies just like their government .
bioethics needs make clear once and for all if it is moral to engineer a virus that only kills asians yes
judging by her twitter , she seems mentally ill .
" ... kidnapped hundreds of japanese women ... " 
 what garbage site did you read this in ?
as a matter of fact , during wwii , japan used korean women as " comfort women " for their soldiers .
look it up .
india zindabad indians are smelly hairy beasts
aye i 'm laughing but this shit sad asl really .... ca n't believe y'all would protect some bitches over y'all own member ... i protected u niggas on l'a .... da hood really let me down 😞 😔 i risked it all for yall 💔
whenever i see a missing person story on the news , it makes me sad i miss them too , we had so much fun together ..
i am in a lot of pain right now back to crying every night asking god why i wasn t enough for you i have not hurt this much in a long time yet i still can not bring myself to hate you
you 're not a woman , you 're a cow .
you absolutely need to be milked , and you can milk my cock with your filthy pussy at the same time .
i 'll bite your neck to mark you as mine , and fill your cunt with cum over and over .
you 'll stay chained up in my basement , ready any time i want to breed .
they e all gay pakistan has more male prostitutes than any other country most paki men have had homosexual sex with other men and boys sick fucks
if you have gynocomastia(bitch tits ) , it 's over
shut up racist fag
so twitter is now locking people out again it just more of the same ghetto harassment by a far left progressive maoist company they are not interested in anything but pc speech controlled by soyboys and obese blue haired feminiists with septum piercings twitter is not worth the hassle gogab
look at these dogs just killing , raping and beating these innocent kashmiris .
may allah destroy this country .
these fucking killers need to die .
i hope each and every one of these dogs die a brutal and painful death # savekashmir # operationallout # savekashmirsos url
boulder is nothing like china .
if you want to engage in serious discussion , then perhaps avoid such silly hyperbole .
nope the poorest white areas have less violent crime than the richest black areas blacks are violent of lower iqs than whites and asians and can run pretty well those were the traits that suited their evolutionary environment plenty of data out there i d start with the color of crime
also how fucked up was the curry nigger in the < number > < number > briefing that did not even know trump name said only president then awkward silence and still got to ask a question indians should not be allowed at the press briefings either the lighter skinned indian woman was annoying too
that beavis butthead phuck should be boycotted saw a posted clip where he was bitchin about the ban and appeasing muzzrats and their g d guy is a libtard pos
strangers ?
friends ?
close friends ?
crush ?
relationship ?
heartbroken ?
barely friends ?
strangers
come on now , there is no need to be catty about that .
my biological family used to call me faggot , and other words and tell me everyday i was would die if aids .
after i survived that , i vowed that i get to choose whose words affect me .
incels only 
 has anyone ever asked you if you have children and when responding no they would then joke about how lucky you are .
next lets cut our dicks off !
do not get me wrong korea has their own share of soy boys and faggots just like any other country but they definitely do not fuck goats
not sure what bucks argument was on that call .... you must throw to the base if you do n't step off the rubber ... that 's a basic balk ruling
as usual the left has gone berserke re muslim ban yes its not fully inclusive but it addresses the country that the refugees are coming from hence why it is temporary trump will organize everything including the vetting process and maybe open it again trump maga
does this mean canada 's trade minister is going to storm out of meetings and start crying ?
if the moderate liberal left will not denounce violence created by far left anarchists who have attached their band wagon to the progressive platform they deserve everything they get when violence is all you have left you have lost the argument riotingisdomesticterrorism
now thats the spirit of   " ' old eugene "
pride is for all who support it .
queer , straight , trans , cis .
aoc if you do nt like america go back to your country ! ! ! ! !
no one asked you to come here ! ! ! ! !
and we as americans dont want your help or political views !
@mfsasso or jim crow laws segregation lynching laws ... anti womans suffrage laws ... amazing how everyone does nt want to bring that up
a year plus away from it and i 'm still finding out the ways that full - time freelancing fucked with my conception of work and relaxation
the federal bureau of : matters " has been basically corrupted   during the 8 yrs of the lawless obozo regime and   that includes holder & lynch .
of course the fbm used " info " from the dossier as a basis for obtaining warrants .
where are the honorable agts coming forward ? ? ?
crickets & sheeple !
@multifacettrash men are trash
what bible verse is that ?
chapter and verse please !
@isabellemarie96 we 're here , we 're queer , we 're going to be in the office tomorrow .
well that 's depressing , autocorrect wtf
< user > nice ching chong hat
there has been no abandonment of robert 's ; council never adopted it in the first place .
the new council rules add about 4 pages of the most basic procedures for meeting actions , basically a cheat sheet consistent with robert 's .
it should cover 99 % of the things they do .
this article does not mention that the new rules also name robert 's as the reference to be used for situations not covered by the council rules .
the current version of robert 's is over 800 pages long now .
council has a simple organization of seven voting members and simply do not need that to get the job done .
seventeen pages should be plenty .
chinese race seems to be a spawn of satan himself .. the way they live and the cruelty they inflict on animals and other race humans alike is mind boggling and ca nt come from a human race with even an iota of good in him
this explanation should suffice for justin and the liberals .
you would not ever really question your new best friend , especially when they pay $ 4 - 5 grand a head to bribe you .
everyone politely turn their heads the drug dealing and information stealing chinese are in bed with justin .
man , if we had a total ban on slavery then people would still be trafficked .
no sense in doing that either .
@digitalsista @just1ninja @sairasameerarao please note that democrats have seen to it that blacks have had about 5 times the abortion rate of whites .
think about it .
< user > < user > i think he was with underaged boys we all know he gay and no one cares so it has to be something illegal or maybe his lover is an illegal alien what else could it be
the most likely reasons for your observations lay more closely with the relative lack of formal education that women had in the 60 's , and not with gender differences .
now we know you 're kidding !
why do japs have black hair ?
there is still some ash
it 's only a few real bitches i know .
freeland slams trudeau 

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9z7oc8b1uz0
cmd .
where in the united states constitution post the passage of the indian citizenship act of 1924 is the article and paragraph or constitutional amendment that authorizes " ... sovereign native american tribes " comprised of a select group of u.s./state citizens with " indian ancestry / race ? "
for one moment i thought it was n't so bad but then i put on my glasses and oh found out it 's worse than i thought lol
rt @n1irving : & # 9749;&#128056 ; this is n't tea anymore " @chickencoleman : how do bitches " peep everything " but still getting cheated on something not addin&#8230 ;
fuck if you gon na run on first get more blockers if not throw that bitch
if i hear the phrase white privilege one more time i am going to opt to come back in my next life as a black hispanic latino illegal muslim jewish faggot feminist queer gay lesbian dike transgender piece of shit in other words everything i have not been in this life
america should be ashamed of the way it treats and marginalizes it 's people of colour .
but it should be thankful for people like @ava that shine such a powerful light on it .
one day we will all see you . #
whentheyseeus
rt @jihadistjoe : we muslims have no military honour whatsoever , we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men , women & children http : …
not acceptable .
devos not being an expert on public education is a good thing as our schools are woefully declining , administrations are dangerously inflated , and universities have become ideological castles where reality has little bearing .
someone from the outside may bring about much needed change .
perry - just because he did n't remember in a high stress debate , does n't make him ill - qualified , it just means that you can not accept honesty from a republican 
 carson - maybe he was n't familiar with the post and now that he is , he feels qualified .
people can learn and develop new skills .
and the list can go on .
i would suggest you stop being such a caustic divider and consider how these individuals will bring about considerable change to our bloated and ineffective government .
good or bad , we do n't know , but to slander them in this way is more a reflection of your character .
end off this japanese set with lesbian scissoring nsfw
you beat one vietnamese man almost to death with a lead pipe and drive your car through a boys and girls club and people never let you live it down
these typical muslim essays are meant to continue to soften the liberal progressive and weak underbelly of western civilization .
most canadians do not have a problem with leitche 's " problematic " values test .
the only people who have a problem with a values test are those who do not , and will not , share canadian values .
i would not support ( more tax dollars here ) the government " devoting resources " to promote " equity and inclusion " .
this is more double speak , propaganda to support the acceptance of cultural / religious enclaves .
more softening of canadians to accept the unacceptable .
canadians do not need to pay more taxes to exacerbate the suppression of islam criticism .
we do not need more speech and thought suppression to shut canadians up about what they rightly perceive to be a radical undemocratic , unmodern and supremacist   ideology .
if muslims want love they need to start to integrate into canadian society .
send your kid to violin classes with asian kid and jews and infidels .
the asians are gon na chuck all of us in the oven
i 'm impressed you managed to fit the ball valve at all !
this excessive overtime is tied to the state and city 's policy for the older workers that overtime counts as part of the salary base for retirement purposes .
hence , many employees within 3 years of retirement , work a lot of overtime to boost their retirement pay .
see what a woman can do to stupid " bestfriends ? "
smh , and then she was n't even interested .
desperate men i tell you ... and i 'm a man
is it just me or is it ironic that an asian woman is in charge of ensuring free and safe flow of cars on the nation 's highways and freeways ?
got a flat on my way to class at 6:30 am and i was n't sitting there for 5 mins before the tn roadside assistance thing pulled up to help
if i 'm still a virgin by my 19th birthday , i will kill myself 
 fuck it , i 'm done , i 'm giving myself 5 months , 5 months to prove my worth , if i fail , i would know i was right in my desire to end my life .
someone that gets it .
perfect comment .
from the stats , one out five people shot by police , were black people .
that is well within the population ratio .
that mean other four were not black but probably whites , hispanics , asian americans and natives .
how many times do we have to read about black person being shot by police ?
you read it a lot because that is part of the media 's agenda .
you do n't read much about white guy or asian guy or hispanic guy being shot by police because it simply not in their interest to report it .
media , like so many elements of our society , got their own political agenda .
was castile 's killing a racist one ? ?
would it help if he was white instead of black ?
well , considering that the officer who shot him is a latino , maybe that governor should have said that if castile was latino ..... then he would have been better off .
but in this case , i think that latino officer just panic and for that , he deserves whatever punishment heading his way .
@king david ... literally everything you said was untrue !
only racist whites want others to believe that africans willingly sold others to europeans with guns .
only white racist logic will ignore the treatment of over 300 yrs of savagery towards enslaved africans .
only a white racist like yourself would minimize the effects of such and then pretends to actually be a savior .
the word devil only begins to describe you and your lies .
is that a picture of the under age niece naked bed fiddler we are supposed to think is a saint because he kicked out the enlightened british from ruling his streetshitting hell hole gandhi in the background the poster seems to concur that sainthood propaganda anyway namastgay
you silly .
when the chinese dump the bond at $ 500 , the us$ will become worthless .
smart traders would buy yuan , not the worthless bond .
and yes , you will be holding a $ 500 bond that has $ 0 value .
on maturity you 'll get $ 1,000 which you can buy a loaf of bread at best .
you got it now ?
where d you learn that mark zuckerberg sjw community college russians have always been and will always be caucasians of the european continent classifying russians or indians as asians is the same as classifying brazilians as americans
the left is disgusting .
those sick freaks definitely push homosexuality and gay weird stuff on children like lgbtq or whatever the fuck that means .
how is this even legal what they are doing ?
same way how they make all that nasty porn and hollywood always depicting faggots , lesbians and interracial shit .
they are promoting it .
they are filth .
something needs to be done about these people .
what ’s an asians favorite candy ?
lemonheads
if we had no politicians in d.c .
at least < number > months out of the year we could save millions on sexual harassment payouts we could visit d.c .
without getting dirty
how about i fire a lime off ya head you filthy paki bastard
" sometimes he 's in a state of delusionary narcissistic grandeur and the rest of the time he 's in a state of borderline psychosis . "
tds is hardly a qualification to make a psychiatric diagnosis ...
do trendy ecotards really need the latest iphone or mountain bike from china ?
you bet i am okay with the users paying the taxes themselves .
not sure what to say about republicans , i remain a democrat - at this point anyway :)
beatles when i am < number > you mean london stabbings you got that wrong lennon who fucked a chink
i have zero trust in the country of china .
zero .
americans may be a - holes , but at least they are honest and transparent about being a - holes .
the chinese are dishonest and self - serving .
self - serving i can take , but not the dishonesty .
white supremacy is so mentally poisonous that a victim of it like < user > can dismiss it still irrationally focus on immigrants as a threat
my father taught me to shoot when i was 12 years old .
imagine if american women were culturally expected / forced by law to wear american flags covering their faces to protect them from rape and protect their family 's honor .
it only take one nigga to hurt you and then you start becoming cold hearted
5'7 " with good face or 6'2 " with bad face ?
because of the loopholes in our current immigration policy , migrants are undertaking the dangerous journey to enter the u.s. illegally .
mass amnesty that the dems are pushing wo n't . . .
✖ protect migrants ✖ secure our border ✖ support @cbp agents
interesting article and good information lynne .
it 's too bad that none of it will work for those that work or the state of alaska .
the illegal hiring at the ted stevens anchorage international airport is a perfect example .
i have friends that work there , and many senior level managers were hired by the airport manager that did n't meet the required minimum qualifications .
those individuals knew that would n't meet the mq 's along with many in the staff , but they did it anyway .
this is known at the highest levels of state government but the state has refused to stop it or correct it .
other highly qualified individuals also applied , but were denied in violation of article 12 , section 6 of the alaska constitution , as 39.25.010 , etc ...   the employees have called the governors office to complain , local 71 knows about it , legislators know about it , and no one will fix it .
so the staff continue to put up with horrible bullying and terrible morale due to bad managers .
many have quit .
man with iphone at starbucks : : * stops me * excuse me do you know anything about shanghai ?
me : : hehhehh ... no .
him : : * stares at me questioningly * me : : * continues toward table smirking * i 'm vietnamese and 17 .
he 's probably 40ish .
" go text your hoes " url
fuck my cock suckin ass
this man came in to change his address and he just started venting , he found his wife cheating so his moving and he was like he gave her
the difference between hetero and homo couples part i
i had no idea where mississauga was , other than in canada , so i decided to look it up .
she 's just being extra sensitive because her husband - to - be is not an english citizen .
if he is a citizen , he should not be offended .
woah cake :( waht nosie do tutrle maek gook spic fucking faggot moron
vietnam used to be so hot that the villagers would melt .
trading penis size for height 
 how much would you guys do i m 5 ft 7 and around 6.5 inch 

 i d go down to a 3.5 incher myself to become 5 ft 10
what gauge copper sheeting did you use ?
went to the tutoring sitting in my own row 
 everyone avoided me its over
people know their nationality not from books but from birth and they are exactly what their parents told them that they were .... your case is different you are telling to your parents that they are not what they are telling you that they are .. that it a case in a billion
man ’s marriage proposal inside mcdonald ’s chicken sandwich is n’t well - received by girlfriend [ x - post /r / news ]
how come this is n't hillary 's fault ?
why is it the russians or wikileaks ?
now it is the fbi 's fault ?
who is this luke ford son of a b nai bitch is he the next influencer in line that the jews have set up to replace weev
all of whom are women of colour .
the colour of shit talking shit acting shit .
i am with trump bye bye
not me i love my town and we 've one this award several times and yes i m a happy camper !
😃
hey vapeshops if you carry the jewel go ahead and throw it in the dumpster and stop supporting the company that supports vaping bans
... and flooding can be very very bad and destructive 
 but ... flooding is not a crime ... and neither is incessant raining ...
i m so horny looking for someone who can help me to cum horny sexe milf sexy cumtribute domina gay bisexual littledick cock hot
< user > ching chong oil 🤧
why are so many non jews celebrating when so many israeli jews support and back the influx of migrants into europe and north america it some sort of victory for jews but how is it a victory for non jews why would i give a rat ass
doctor : : race ... white ?
me : : i 'm mixed race .
doctor : : sexual orientation ?
straight ?
me : : bi .
i 'm a light - skinned , bisexual mixed - race woman who often passes as white and presents as femme .
22 years old , 2010 .
at a hospital in london .
makes me feel invisible , marginalized , inauthentic .
< user > hey mate what are the stats on rape when i saw the nisvs survey it stated that along with made to penetrate women are still raped at higher numbers
i assume most blacks are criminals when i see them , its why i never hire any .
i m usually right .
there 's nothing " uncivil " about confronting untrue statements .
it 's called accountability and it 's a very important part of life .
< user > they got ta think bout the niggers 😂 i d be giving out smoke like a newport vendor
< user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong and his satanic criminals just want to downplay every single issue as though it just a negligible tiny village matter
new followers uhm hi look if you hate liberals lgbt muslim people jewish people millennials or whatever then kindly fuck off i suppose i ca nt make you but you are gon na want to unfollow anyway after i start posting if not then yo have a nice day i guess
i think it time for another hindu kush only thing the muzzies ever did that was worth a shit was genocide about < number > mil of < user > coethnics i have been in some valleys full of skulls up there beautiful
stupid cuck tarantino deserves to be shot honestly for his effort in trying to emasculate asian males .
fugly ass wigger bitch .
just had a talk with my dog and he agrees if a moslem or any other assorted brown person comes to a white country and has a bad time he can go back to his land where do we go when we have had enough of them
i still have n't heard a good name for ex - christians .
there are more and more of us every day .
it 's a weird spot to be in , especially when a lot of your family is still religious .
ivory in china is the # 1 problem .
the usa an other countries need to crack down with some good sanctions that mean something ?
china would kill the last elephant an then go after the last walrus on earth .
add in rhino horns which the chinese use for a " viagra " supplement which the chinese as i know wo n't let viagra in the country .
eliminate the doors / means for chinese imports of products that provide the $ $ $ so the carvers in china do n't the means to get the $ $ to buy illegal ivory .
with some 1.2 billion people china has the $ $ to buy up all forms of ivory from anyone will to kill / transport the products .
like the stupid chinese will also take the last tiger for their morning cup of tiger bone tea ? ? ?
< user > avoid shaking hands with chinaman satanist lee hsien loong black magic suspicion
how did these jews make such an accurate representation of the pro white movement it just like us
i guess the centuries of female transgressions do not exist ... for denise , its ... what are you talking about ?
straight white men are the evil ones ....   women are without fault in this .
when progressives operate , its whatever convenient lies will work .
take the muslim student council female who made hateful remarks about white people .
now the progressive professors and students are claiming that when dalhousie intends to hold her accountable that free speech is threatened .
what a laugh ... if a white person had said those same things about blacks , asians , muslims , native indians , glbtq people .... there would be a human rights trial and firing , dismissal , shaming and new stricter rules and laws .
lying hypocrites ... all of the progressives .
hateful and racist themselves .
we all know indians are fucking stupid ... they killing their own country not only with the gangi river but letting their so call ' holy cows ' shit in streets ... they got a rat temple smfh that s dirty
why should there be absolutes about something as ephemeral and personal as spirituality ?
we understand things differently young , middle - age , and old .
heck , we understand things differently day by day .
you wrong nigger good sprinter nigger just broke 1 0 0 meter record nigger ran < number > meter nigger good at sports rap music drug selling and killing china man good at laying tracks washing laundry eating chop suy and love long sucky sucky for < number > yankee dollar
american renaissance supremacist ?
there are vids online of jared taylor online saying " no ' , asians are smarter and blacks better athletes .
i am seriously all for these vintage reworked clothes but they are all made by skinny white bitches who use their bodies as reference then say their clothes are xl but that shit will be barely fittin over my titties let alone my chonky belly 🙄 🙄
what ’s the difference between an asian guy , indian guy , black guy , and white guy at harvard ?
the black guys the sports coach , the white guys the professor , the asian guys a student , and the indian guys the janitor
my guess is you 've never had a loaded weapon pointed at you with intent to harm .
one 's reaction is much ,   much different .
this is totally an experience a lot of white kids can relate to .
i once had a friend who wished she was indian - loved the food , dance , culture , everything !
then she went to china and wished she was chinese !
> but .. where in the fuck do they deport you to ?
it 's easy , they 'll just stand you up infront of the color chart with shades from * not quite * white enough to full on shithole country citizen .
we are nothing but white trash , an stupid prolitairiet , bonded slaves or/ an children in thier laws
what is the organization of the islamic conference doing ?
57 muslim countries 

 - 

 must christian west now fight buddhist burma to protect muslims ?
- 

 christians ( nato ) already fought christians ( serbians ) to protect muslims in bosnia and kosova 

 what thanks ?
- 

 now let muslims fight to protect muslims
the way men speak about women on this sub ( and some others ) is really gross and makes me not even want to explore reddit any more
charge all married couples a tax to fund this benefit all within the confines of ei .
no they do not if what you consider to be races you refer to negroes caucasians and asians mongoloids i assure you that i attend churches of christ with all three represented
why did you give yourself a " like " ?
is that to show us that you liked your own post ?
it seems more to indicate that you seek approval so desperately that you will even award it to yourself .
do you ever " disagree " with your own posts ?
i fucking hate chicken nuggets , especially the ones from mcdonalds they 're nasty af
when are we going to stand up and say this has got to stop , that is the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard .
someday this country should try equal protection under the law for all citizens .
we have not tried that yet .
we still have a lot of work to do to become " a more perfect union " .
post your source that no citizens commit crime .
yes , ted bundy was from mexico .
you overestimate any residual anti - semitism in qc by a factor of about 3 - 4 , meaning i trust the french jews who choose montreal -- they sense its openness , unlike those here   relying on   history books as their guides to city life in 2017 ....
rt realdonaldtrump great to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border the dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked if stalemate continues republicans should go to < number > nuclear option and vote on real long term budget no c.r .
au contraire , motley .
not all nazi swastikas were on an angle ; the officiial standard of the führer und reichskanzler ( i.e. , hitler ) was parallel to the horizontal .
so were the parade banner of brownshirt brigades .
they did , however , have this feature in common : the crooked arms all bent to the right , not the left .
a buddhist or hindu swastika typically bends to the left .
even whites hate whites in fact to not hate yourself if you are white and to think you have a right to exist is white supremacy in the current year so it just objectively true
seokjin just called me and said lesbian rights
i sincerely doubt tillerson will be confirmed by the senate where the gop has a narrow majority as many republican 's will vote against this pick and for good reason .
joining up with russia to bully china will create a kind of diplomatic entropy problem which will see china take an even greater command of the asian - pacific economy .
they already have the philippines .
trump is assembling a track and field team to play against chess masters .
yeah , that guy 's a loser , a terrible pick for president and just a very bad man and not very smart .
cancel the deal .
< user > i hate you so much in the most sub cocksucker suckalicious sort of way of course
such an important day !
let 's show the world just how beautiful the lgbtq+ community ( especially the trans community ) is ❤ ️&#128155;&#128154;&#128153;&#128156 ; # tdov
in truth , all they see is a moose with a target painted on it .
that 's it !
before and after is literally a blank .. i do n't think they even understand why lol !
the presidents is totally right you do n't like it here ... you could leave go to some other country like north korea and i bet you ... you 'll be begging the president to let you back in this country
local tried trans mom , can relate .
😑
i got ta admit .
i really , really do n't like the confederacy , the memory of the confederacy , or what it stood for .
i do n't know if it 's " hate " for the confederacy , but i know my reaction to it 's name and memory is somewhat visceral .
and , even more so because it is specifically invoked to advance white supremacist racist causes in the usa .
i am not a racist , and i know this because i would urge the making and display of statues with either whites or blacks .
one for obama , and one for clinton ( a family montage ) .
heck , obama 's whole family would be fine too .
michelle and the kids did a great job of representing america . . .
.at least there 's no indication they were consorting wth russian spies . . .
when uncle charlie gets really drunk he puts on the gook ear necklace
all liberals christians conservatives soldiers nationalsocialists feminists gays libertarians trumpters etc want money to be happy and therefore were in reaility national capitalists nc that s the narrative jews do nt want you to hear because it would unite us vs them
if you make a nigga cum off head you the devil
last time that i crossed the us border , i had to sit in an interrogration room for an uncomfortably long period of time -- the only white guy in a waiting room filled entirely with africans , asians and muslims .
you will pay dearly for this mistake , uncle sam .
let me tell you .
do n't you know who i am ?
why do 50,000 kids die each year from malnutrition then ?
warmonger race ?
oh yes , white people are the only people who had wars .
the last true bastion of bipartisanship is criticizing the black muslim refugee congresswoman
well this anal scene is about to be fucking fire & # 128293 ;
it sure ain t genetics raise any human infant irish chinese eskimo or norwegian in a ghetto he will grow up speaking with an ebonic accent only noam chomsky has ever claimed otherwise
let me fix your ignorance .
in the state of minnesota ; " upon request of a peace officer , a permit holder must disclose to the officer whether or not the permit holder is currently carrying a firearm . "
he was legally carrying a firearm and announced it to the officer who shot him when he was instructed to get his license .
the officer had no reason to be serving in the capacity as law enforcement .
he was too frightened to do his job , over reacted and murdered an innocent driver .
the laws are written in the state to give him the benefit of doubt and he was acquitted as a result .
he will no longer serve as an officer of the law and for that , people should be releaved .
bush senior started the new world order said it a big idea clinton had chinese spy john huang in cabinet sold us to china every product now stamped made in china bush2 staged < number > < number > gained absolute power obama created muslim world invasion trump to the rescue nice maga trump
black people are good natured , well behaved members of our society , lock this post if you disagree .
side note , good luck to those starting back to school
the dead soldier deserves special recognition for his service , but that honor does not confer to his family .
still , trump 's attacks on the family were a low blow from someone who aspires to the highest of positions .
he should have known better and done better , if not as a result of political savvy than as a matter of common sense and human decency .
you do n't need to " understand " keillor .... just enjoy him .
i think this one is funnier if you 're 70 or older ...
i got ta admit .
i really , really do n't like the confederacy , the memory of the confederacy , or what it stood for .
i do n't know if it 's " hate " for the confederacy , but i know my reaction to it 's name and memory is somewhat visceral .
and , even more so because it is specifically invoked to advance white supremacist racist causes in the usa .
i am not a racist , and i know this because i would urge the making and display of statues with either whites or blacks .
one for obama , and one for clinton ( a family montage ) .
heck , obama 's whole family would be fine too .
michelle and the kids did a great job of representing america . . .
.at least there 's no indication they were consorting wth russian spies . . .
when even thai women give you that annoyed look ... 
 usually thai women like to smile but when they give me that f .. ck off look then i pretty much have to cope with the fact that i am incel everywhere
i 'm curious , are most whites killed by whites ?
asians by asians ?
have you looked at the stats on other colors , or are you just fixated on blacks ?
i built a fucking parfait ad here dont do this again
i 'd bury my face in that sexy ass and lube up her holes with my tongue .
then i 'd fuck her ass and pussy until she begged me to stop .
+ jus a lightskin i subbed to you and i pressed notifications .
i 'd bury my face in that sexy ass and lube up her holes with my tongue .
then i 'd fuck her ass and pussy until she begged me to stop .
< user > that ching chong nigga sound good with that gdjskscwdiswigshsbgdvce
" anyone blaming this on whites ... " 

 um , what ?
as i look at photos in the virginia town of the violent terrorists and their nazi - like military gear , i do not see any japanese or chinese or indian or black folks amongst them .
so i guess i think it is okay to blame the problem there on certain white folks ...
< user > < user > someone please help answer for me in these instances where the left brings up the well what if i am raped and get pregnant scenario why can not people use the plan b pill i do not even hear people discuss this what am i missing
but speaking of sexual harassment and abuse what about at the presidential level responding to a tweet summarizing oprah speech famous bill clinton sexual abuse victim juanita broaddrick said the following
what do you call that useless flesh around the vagina that does n't do anything but lie around ?
the baby
why are hard men so good to find ?
connect enthusiastically .
give relentlessly .
and lead bravely .
do that , and the future is yours ! –
ted coine # quote
yet the asians got it and although trump stopped it the sand people almost did
i am honored to be named one of the 100 most influential african women in 2019 .
i salute the other phenomenal women on this list .
url url
irish , there is nothing wrong with being polite .
get your asshole blown out at the gloryhole
a white parisian enjoying the cultural enrichment of france islamic guests
@heatherxhills @byrellthegreat girl it 's nice to see two gay men fight for once and not ganging up on trans girls cause of they privilege url
to many people do n't want to see it for what it is , so they claim the race card .
sad world we live in .
straight trans people are ok and we must legally thank them for their service
looking for a white only female for friendship or more .must have strong moral background and a sound beleif in the white race.lets talk .
it not my fault hollywood queer coded villains and i now find them super attractive ok and not my fault i already found him interesting in dude form and am now gaga over the lady version not my fault step on me muzan
i 've never read about the aesthetics of rail .
do the supporters really believe rail is a plus in the eyes of locals and tourists alike ?
when you think of oahu ,   do you think of sun , surf , sand , hula , music , and ..... elevated rail ! !
and just wait until the rail is named ......... don't act surprised .
need to fix the language recognizer this came up with translate from de not sure if it should have recognized it as redneck or ghetto
is there anything like this on the market today ?
duterte said he would sort out brighton you got ta get the best to do the job do not care if you are chink paki nigga can you do the task
just because you metabolize something well , does n't mean that your husband does .
some people have allergies and others do not . [ ... ]
lactose intolerance can lead to all kinds of nasty stomach problems .
question arises - why are n't other minority groups marching also - black , hispanics , muslims , gays , american indians , native hawaiian , asians , etc .
dumpy is going to make it miserable for all of these groups .
he only favors white europeans and rich people .
" the controversy occurred as at&t , which is based in dallas , is seeking the approval of trump administration regulators for its proposed $ 85 billion purchase of time warner . "
boy scouts of america president randall stephenson is also the ceo of at&t.
< number > draft order < number > tigers < number > orioles < number > marlins < number > royals < number > blue jays < number > mariners < number > pirates < number > padres < number > rockies < number > angels < number > white sox < number > reds < number > giants < number > rangers < number > phillies < number > cubs < number > red sox < number > diamondbacks < number > mets < number > brewers < number > cardinals
< user > say goodbye sou nazista
tough son of a bitch too bad he is a traitor
icymi : i wrote about the history of queerness on snl — its absence and presence , and the ways we used to laugh at and with it — and compiled a bunch of favorite sketches ( and also less - favorite ones that were burned into my psyche for some reason ): url url
i assume most blacks are criminals when i see them , its why i never hire any .
i m usually right .
pour your misery down , pour your misery down on me pour your misery down , pour your misery down on me
one time inceltears sub offended me 
 they approved of my post .
what do asians do when they have an erection ?
they vote when they have an erection .
you got hate up in your heart nigga that your biggest flaw
how many of y' all have watched the documentary , " the sign " - and what are your thoughts ?
hell yeah !
trans rights !
@radiofreetom some women of color say the dumbest shit every day .
like you @aoc
the author is arguing that the government should retaliate against speech which it may not like .
in support of this argument , he invokes those who sacrificed for our freedoms .
that is truly scary .
@heatherxhills @byrellthegreat girl it 's nice to see two gay men fight for once and not ganging up on trans girls cause of they privilege url
< user > < user > you had no choice hilly baby you needed him more than he needed you the only thing hillbilly bill needed a woman for was between her legs and you never
" it discriminates against muslims " .
the temporary ban is against 6 arab countries who happen to be islamic in nature .
it 's perfectly clear to any sane person , the beheaders , those who stone the women , gay assassins , body bombs , come from this nations , for those who do not comprehend , these are places of grave concern for the lives of american citizens .
russians , chinese , indians , south americans , etc , are n't the ones causing so much distress in the world .
what a hypocrisy .
so yes , you need to identify the enemy , obama , trudeau , do n't know who the terrorists are , they ca n't identify them , .
weaklings .
shut up racist fag
being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure , her being a paedophile protecting globalist zionist cunt is her own making , as a human , and i use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart !
when owe - bama stood with the chinese leaders they were all chinese .
other smarter countries elect a leader from the majority ... for a reason !
what has owe - bama done for the majority ?
nothing good !
too busy inviting thug rappers to the white house !
can someone explain to me how @voxday is a philosopher ?
not long ago giving children dreadful made up trashy misspelled firstnames was strictly a black thing e g antwoine shaquonda monikwa ta queesha daetrell ad nauseam now stupid white women are into it too i am seeing white kids given comical names like alecksus kaylleigh kaitlun
no one is asking for an all white world either < number > billion shitskins and under a billion whites does not make an all white world a black world let see oh yeah africa what a shithole
gay people should die
< user > good na anyways population explosion kar rakha hai < number > dus dus bachhe hai and refugee bhi u want great and then u will cry 😢 job creation and economy
men are the ones get burned .. 

 let 's listen to professor janice faimengo and learn what is really going on in canada , 

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zodqzr2uj4
the world you live in sounds nice .
the article fails entirely at the exact moment when wages are introduced .
tobias can reject the offer since he has another way of obtaining a living and so will not work for less than he can get alone .
real people can not live off the land anymore so the only option for those without capital is a different job .
it 's not less a form of slavery because he gets to choose his master .
and the vast majority of people do not even have that choice .
they take this job or starve and they take it on whatever terns are offered because there are a thousand other desperate people wanting it to .
since the analogy is fatally false all the conclusions drawn from it are also false .
a majority white area is a suburb a majority non white area is a ghetto
your problems have nothing to do with your dick .
among the sources of your probables are your lack of self respect and respect for others .
i ’ m sorry gay community call me by my name wasn ’ t it fam
saullie : 

 sweet cherry picking !
and before that , have you conveniently forgotten the five in a row , sport ?
nope the poorest white areas have less violent crime than the richest black areas blacks are violent of lower iqs than whites and asians and can run pretty well those were the traits that suited their evolutionary environment plenty of data out there i d start with the color of crime
letting go of someone you love is hard , but holding on to someone who does n't even feel the same is much harder .
me , my family and our dog entered a chinese restaurant .
the waiter opened the door for us and whispered " i told you to use the backdoor "
why do the vietnamese never eat fruits ?
they had a bad experience with oranges .
really hate when people come around me in a bad ass mood .
like remove yourself .
i 'm almost speechless , rj , at how deluded you seem to be .
it seems you think you are throwing haymakers , when you are rhetorically not even landing any punches ! :)
but i am not speechless yet because , fortunately , the more times you try to get up off the mat , this " conversation " becomes more amusing and less annoying :)   so your banality has not yet become completely stupefying -- yet :) 

 as for your latest " lesson " about the constitution -- oops , my bad , you are correct the 14th amendment is not in the bill of rights .
but you continue to remind me of some anal - retentive teacher 's pet who seeks praise for pointing out that a particular word is mis - spelled , when the word itself is completely irrelevant to the actual thought being expressed :) 

 hence , i am almost speechless again because i am at a loss about what i else i can do bring you up to speed other than to repeat myself in the hope your reading comprehension will eventually improve .
con't below ( you now know what that means , right ? :)
also , here is a link to the thread for meeting other people who are interested in defending our race , whether as militants or negotiators .
< user > < user > yeah that whole fat joe thing was a mess not all latinos are black or of african descent many latinos are white many have no african ancestry some are even asian for example there is a large asian population in south america e g ecuador brazil peru chile etc
to quote papa john ’s , if better ingredients make better pizzas , does it not also follow that better people make better countries ?
@thebabyseagull1 @nickanthonymic1 @blonde_quinn you said it was photographic evidence of them attacking children .
it was n't .
why are they " angry religious lunatics " ?
maybe they 're decent people fed up at " tommy robinson " threatening them and labelling them as enemy combatants ?
that would a logical , secular reaction .
they pressed 1 they pressed 2 they pressed 4 but the result was always same , the receipt shown vote for bjp # tamperedevms
that 's a new creative high in blaming obama , who appears to be responsible for all those things the mad king regime does n't seem to be able to deal with .
trumpco is too busy protecting the right to dump coal waste in streams , giving the rich some more money and other pressing matters .
we should act like comrades 
 sometimes i find posts here and everyone want to be offensive and bitter ... 

 we all know the blackpill is real , but can we stop the toxicity between us and actually start supporting ourselves like brothers ?
as a mongoloid man just shoot for the fucking moon , its time we do that to show these faggots the real hierarchies
that poor baby had to be terrified and traumatized .
i am so glad the child and his mother were not killed .
i hope they get some help from a mental health professional so they can get help processing this tragic event .
i also believe this man might have wanted to end his own life knowing that he would be shot when he came out with weapons and his child .
i just wish he would have left the child inside so he did n't have to witness this .
asians do nt deserve happiness
nia can not do shit she can not even fall right what a dumb hoe
that fine but there are a lot of refugees on gab who do care about race cuz internet duopolists want to thoughtpolice racial nationalism among other wrongthoughts they want erased from our minds even if you do not care about race but care about free speech conscience you should stand with us
justin , when you 're trying to sell us a whopper ... use the right word please .
it 's yuge ... not huge .
this will be a buying opportunity before housing continues up again .
do n't worry , you can rely on trustin to be trustin and " open up the gates ! "
they do n't want a market correcting , that is the fact .
: 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkdeyum0-og
in the private sector , if you purchase goods or services from a business with " union " employees and the goods are crap and the service sucks , chances are , you wo n't deal with them again , and you 'll find a company you can do business with that provide a quality product and/or service .
that 's not so in the public sector .
unions have a lock on public employees , and the public is stuck with poor service and goods .
there should be no public unions .
want to work in a union shop ?
go into the private sector !
one reason unions are on the decline is the more unions engage in politics , usually contrary to the views of many of their members , those union members see no reason to have their union " dues " going to political candidates and parties they disagree with .
the " seniority " system is another bugaboo .
the most productive employees are usually ( in my experience ) are the " rookies " , the first to be laid off when the rest get raises !
they 're not " safe " and know it .
so much complaining .
hey , if you do n't like america , go back to your gross country and come back .
or not .
everyone luvs 2 wreck things addicted to car crashes mayhem when it is applied to governments calm minds rneeded or we all get burned # poem
ipad air 2 or ipad mini 3 ?
not all good skiing and riding terrain in turnagain pass is avalanche prone , dick .
but i would not expect you to understand that .
sounds like a good thing ....... i 'll pitch in for food .... but if we meet in a park or something like that .. somebody please .... do n't forget the beer permit ...... lol
@amerzahr dear non white people like you , stfu
" in the words of toussaint louverture , leader of the 1791 slave rebellion of the then saint domingue ( modern day haiti ) , “ open your mind and you are free ” .
if only ashanti and her fellow ' fallists ' would follow this sage advice , no ' fight ' would be needed .
the enemy to " freedom " is the state of your mind ... i am free because i feel free !
opnet   and dea are both very corrupt " organizations " that must go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
its damn time for the govt to get the hell out of our lives and stop trying to control every thing we do !
and they must stop allowing companies to track us and invade our privacy like the us corrupt house did today when they pass sj res 34 

 https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/senate-joint-resolution/34 


 all repubs and dems must be voted out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i agree some people in america do not know the truths about this political system of sharia law i do not want that in america i will not accept such savagry on women and children
alpha daddy is using this asian fag sub slut like the hole it was born to be !
url
jesus christ said that so do it cowards
i was nice enough to hold the door open for a japanese guy one day and he decided to remind me of pearl harbor ... " sank you " 

 asshole .
so well said - 20 stars for that
two black guys walk into a bar ... they walk up to the bartender , paid their tab and could not have been more courteous
< user > there does seem to be an uncanny similarity between the current usual suspects and previous ‘ asians ’
having two moms can mean having gay parents .
girl : is that even possible ?
lets bring in more of that trash to the u.s. !
smdh
< user > your gf does and wtf would i lie that ching chong is giving u her stuffs
thank god for consulting to fuel my blackmilk addiction .
tooly o'tool or whatever her name is may actually be correct in this case .
what 's   the point of mentioning climate change when trying to negotiate with a bunch of clowns that think it 's a hoax invented by the chinese ?
no asians no jews the university will decline faster than rat up a drainpipe
white people rarely mind they damn business & the times that they do , y' all go bothering them with your let freedom ring bullsh*t .
what is wrong with y' all ?
😭 😭 😭
as the child of a working mom , i wholeheartedly disagree .
of course , i was young before video games and cable tv , but i would say that based on my observation of families in our neighborhood , there is n't a difference between the kids of the moms who stay home and the moms who work .
all are very well adjusted and exceptionally well mannered .
also , why does n't the same rule apply to men who work ?
why should n't men stay home ?
why must it be the woman ?
i do not get it when an alt left called everyone racist when they themselves are being racist towards whites and some asians which makes them a racist so they are being racist to defeat others that they assume to be racist so they just fucked themselves right
tolerable slavs spanish italians greek hapas japanese maybe koreans chinese enemies blacks arabs south central americans mezistos mulatos indians pakis south east asians jews all ethnic even partially any mixes of these
these two elements in your comment are quite baffling .
i guess there 's going to be some miraculous event within the next 11 years that will make everyone mixed race .
my brother - in - law is an immigrant .
he could n't speak any significant english but got accepted .
you do n't know what you are talking about
what do you call a heterosexual asian girl who has started to have periods ?
a breeder
getting pink put through my hair again after being a blondie for a while .
getting my hair done always cheers me up & # 128522 ;
it was then that gay retard world revealed itself to me
white'e devil racist supremacist edomite what you expect from a $ 5 indian !
ignoring the historical role women played is to disgrace them men were not and are not in a vacuum they confided in received council from and embraced the women in their lives in that regard not much has changed
people who enter the country as law - breakers do not endear themselves to the populace .
if anything goes , what can we expect from them when they 're here ( and perhaps illegally driving ) ?
i have really been thinking about just coming out to her , because then she knows i am a lesbian and that kind of puts the ball in her court .
if that makes sense .
i mean honestly there is no reason why i would n't come out to her .
she is one of the most progressive and supportive open minded people i know .
it 's just no matter what , coming out is a super scary thing .
i don ’ t get females 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♀ ️ there ’ never pressure behind no nigga dumb dumb 😂 🤝
< user > is that the rochdale and bradford sexist culture the asian pervert fiddlers who like to rape white schoolgirls
may allah give these women the same death these horrific women gave to a little child who could n't do anything to save herself , used her and abused her !
may you rot & die the worst possible death inshallah.(2 ) # justiceforuzma url
< user > < user > we have a certain talent that women like
no idea why coca cola would enter into a re - franchising agreement unless whomever was running the portland operation was screwing up somehow with respect to this market .
as a white nationalist i personally would not pay to watch the likes of that drug addict amy winehouse or scum like rage against the machine .
@queerty i 'm black , gay , republican , a trump supporter , and have plenty of conservative allies .
stop using this tired internet rag to divide people .
let the jews enslave the sandniggers let them build their jewtopia in the middle east put all jews in middle east remove niggs and put them in africa boom problem solved then we open the can of worms for asians
reminds me of a johnny cash song " 6 feet high and   rising ' from the lyrics .
" how high 's the water mama ? "
you need a wife .
how does the average american democrats feel god will pardon them for abortions queers and little girls bathrooms in accepting isis into our country not to mention the skiing lies the party prevails but then again they might be muslims themselves i do not know
colossal blunder by the ignorant and weak trump .
now china sets the region 's trade terms .
it sure ain t genetics raise any human infant irish chinese eskimo or norwegian in a ghetto he will grow up speaking with an ebonic accent only noam chomsky has ever claimed otherwise
i hate niggas with big feet
why do 50,000 kids die each year from malnutrition then ?
warmonger race ?
oh yes , white people are the only people who had wars .
hitler was a joke , too , he knew better .
karl marx ?
typical shylocked nose , jew - bag .
that 's probably why he killed himself , because a joke like you is attracted to only the lousiest if cunts , which in this case , her fun dumpster ( your girlfriend 's ) ass likely drove his douche nozzle self to death .
hahaha .
nothing more comical than a hilariously pathetic , * kike . *
:-d
yta .
the worst part of this is gall at being offended by his " unprofessional " behavior .
i 'm gon na shit all over this person and then be surprised that it upset them .
🤣 🤣 🤣 fucking classic sociopathic reaction .
it 's only business until someone reacts negatively to me then it 's personal and they were the ones in the wrong .
you a garbage sub - human .
" @realdonaldtrump we all asked " " why did n't you aim those missiles better - like at assad 's house ?
you 're a newb fool .
no grace no honesty . "
found a transponder snail !
candid pics from the alubarna palace baths !
https://t.co/aet8f2di8u # trecru https://t.co/newgt78fso
because a few are lunatics , you would punish all ?
the vast majority of immigrants , whether they came here " either yesterday or twenty years ago , " are law - abiding , productive citizens .
in my city neighbourhood , there are muslim bank tellers , asian fishmongers , asian greengrocers , a french computer repair guy , korean dry cleaners , a bosnian watch repair fellow , a hungarian chef , an egyptian chef and some greek chefs , sri lankan restaurant owners , an italian clothing store owner , a libyan barber ,   ... should all of these people who contribute to their community have been barred from the country because some people are extremists ?
@brexitpartridge @beddoeroger islam is to blame & a huge number of muslims who are the enemy of this country .
had they not been let in we would not be talking about a woman who is complicit in mass murder .
if she is to go anywhere it is the hague with her husband .
any lawyer defending is should be disbarred .
just hours before el paso attack , trump rt infamous u.k. anti - immigrant bigot katie hopkins , who has written that migrants heading to europe were " cockroaches " and instead of sending rescue boats , " i 'd use gunships " to stop them " url # whitesupremacistinchief
i 'm being sarcastic .
i believe in hiring on merit not affirmative action or gender balance blah blah stuff .
facts i eat ass my niggas tryna call me dirty but why not like especially if she clean plus it 's apart of sex and i 'm not no lil ass boy and they go crazy like 😂 😂 😭 💯 url
damn ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
they always getting shit on ! ! ! ! ! ! !
bitch ass # twdfinale
the soul of our nation is fractured and has been fractured for a long time .
can we put aside race , sex , religion or wealth ?
can we please realize that we are all living human beings that deserve each other 's respect .
we do n't have to unconditionally love one another
being a jedi turned revan gay
selling a house is business .
its your choice who you use .
friendship should not enter into it at all .
if a friend drops you because you did not use her / his spous as your agent then you did not have a friend .
its pretty simple .
asian toddlers are the cutest things in the woorld .
adopting a few on ebay .
no ... but seriously .
ever forget someone 's second name n it drives u crazy and u ca n't find them even tho ur mutuals i ca n't be havin this
christians i know your fave has n't dropped an album since forever but please get a job and leave ms swift alone .
also if sex was just for reproduction the clitoris would n't exist , it literally has no reproductive purpose .
url
cool story bob , needs more dragons .
is this hoe gone dm me back
need to evac all the smart whitey 's first then drop a couple nukes
only butthurt one here is you ya little mudshark progeny whiny punkass antifa washington post bitch
fact whites are the only race that care about animals niggers eat them chinks torture them and arabs fuck them
these bitchass niggas bashing others for binge watching got should just fuck out of here ugot ayingowakulo bani
< user > < user > why is it that straight men like to watch dykes get dicked down
i do n't think " asians are more resourceful than africans " is the correct diagnosis .
asia had a very different set of conditions in place before any colonialism , which meant it was better placed to   rebound afterwards .
the flipside is those 70 % white students will do worse with ` ` teachers of color '' .
new gab category within a month of markle and her extended ghetto family moving in
thsounds like you are surrounded by a bunch of insecure fucks .
you can get get pussy any day of the week and they are jealous of you because of that .
just hang with chicks and the dudes will come
< user > < user > ex muslims encourage islamophobes to do so
@themlotsdad africans have the worlds longest slave trade history that predates the u.s. and exists today . (
nigerians $ 400usd ) but liberals do nt like to bring that up , just like the teuth about anthony johnson .
silly autistic asians
that aids weigh a ton nigga url
teacher asks class where is pakistan little johnny replies outside with paki steve
damn , i 'm sorry to hear that .
must be hard still trying to figure out your sexuality when you 're married .
i wish you the best in finding a new partner .
okay just downloaded the puffin browser for my laptop i had it on my ipad so going to see if it 's faster for my new touchscreen laptop
missing muslim teen maarib al hishmawi has been found i reported on her honor violence disappearance last month she told authorities that her parents poured hot cooking oil on her and hit her with broomsticks when she objected to an arranged marriage
look at wen the freak . .
you can tell its a man lol . . .
hopefully they will abort all the anchor babies illegally born here by the foreign female aliens ! !
those four crazy bitches should be in labor camps of their own countries why they are here ?
are they came for a better life ?
hmm , i do n't think so .
if you do n't like what you see - get out from america .
america , in this case , will be just better .
ca n't nobody ever say they seen me fucked up out here
it been nearly three weeks since a man described as a somali immigrant attacked evenson while she was walking home from work in uptown minneapolis slashing and stabbing her relentlessly while trying to drag her off of a public street
i feel like he 's just as retarded as me .
i wonder if he would ever marry me
i remember i used to listen to linkin park when i was little when i missed my dad .... these songs got memories
i ordered a calculator from china ... all i got in the mail was a chinese kid
when the power goes out and you 're in a room full of dead cats and you find out there was just an earthquake that you did n't feel : ----- ) oh
you wrote : 

 < < whether we recognize them as a nation state does n't matter .
> > 

 back in reality - land , it matters a lot .
that 's why the foreign policy establishment is aghast .
the fact is the us government does not recognize taiwan as a sovereign state , and it is not for a president - elect to reverse decades of protocol on a whim and inflame the asian hegemon .
that was stupid and reckless , but what does one expect from donald trump ?
anyway , off - topic and i will return to ignoring your patent nonsense .
< user > children future the rate they will join the young nazi movement stop being an idiot and read about the eu nazi origins
why was the amish girl excommunicated ?
two mennonite
@chief louie you mean " make britain white again " right ?
he 's gon na ching chong rape you and kill you with a hammer
this is so sad once proud white nations being polluted and corrupted by the onslaught of sand niggers and other non whites
i hate you i love you
its sad how realistic this series is .
so much of this shit happens in high schools around our country .
< user > send me fat girls and i will become even gayer vro
like i 've stated in an earlier comment , carberry , if the alaska court system can red line inebriates ' id they ca n't purchase booze .
why not use the same method for people that pull or use a gun on another individual ?
there 's always people being charged with inappropriate gun use .
these are the people that need to be red lined too .
only they ca n't have a gun or buy a gun as long as they 're a risk to the public .
i 'm still getting a kick out of the 160 + comments on an article that is titled " church militant 's nonsense not authentically catholic" .... as if the article , comments , and publication itself is .
* smh *
we can never have this as long as there are blacks jews spics muslims and asians
god is trying to destroy the white supremacists 😉 👍 # praisehisname
stupid ass looking queensryche cage tappy tappy drumming
i went to a rollercoaster ride yesterday .
< repeat > it was n't that intense , but this lady kept screaming .
it 's like she had n't seen an amputated arm before .
< repeat >
war is not violence and killing pure and simple war is controlled violence for a purpose robert heinlein
let me guess you are a uneducated yank that believes everything the media says you probably never left the country .
you probably think all muslims are bad .
fucking coward ass mods wo n't even respond , pieces of human waste .
i 'm white , fuck you .
finally the china bastards get a taste of their own medicine .
take it back you idea stealing motherfuckers .
burn in hell !
male friend : : so would you ever go out with [ other male friend ] ?
me : : i 'm a lesbian .
male friend : : really ?
i heard you were bi .
me : : no , i 'm not .
male friend : : no man , you totally are .
besides , [ other male friend ] is practically a girl .
me : : ... made me feel powerless to define my own identity , and infuriated that my friend thought it was okay to use my gender to insult my other friend .
someone forgot to read ' boating 101 ' prior to launch . '
install drain plug ' is high on the checklist .
bust out another thousand bro .
good riddance .
i hope she loves her newfound civil rights .
i think trump is a moron , but at the same time , i think this country is going in the wrong direction , with too much immigration that does n't allow us to have the time to assimilate the huge waves of mostly middle eastern and asian people .
taxes that continue to grow along with our deficits , ever more rules and regulations and government oversight bodies and a mentality that says government knows better than you how you should live your life and how to spend your money .
i would never vote for trump but i might just give o'leary a try .
a black man and a pakistani man both jump off a tall building at the same time .
who wins ?
society
we get attached to temporary things , then wonder why our happiness never lasts .
kissward sunakayonalang
force her to her knees where asian sluts belongs .
tie her up and rip her clothes off i 'd shove my cock in her throat and hatefuck her gook face .
when i feel i 've had enough of her throat i 'll bend her over where i 'll fuck her ass then cum in it
sometimes you can just tell a woman is a real woman she makes it a point that it is not the nature of women to bitch about most anything in order to be a woman
< user > the only woman of color in the room is the chinaman doing the interview
just when women are getting carried away and drunk on their own narcissism , just remember chinese parents used to secretly throw them away for superior males
just ordered chinese food bitches !
bring on the cat !
bouta get real ghetto
what are the bio leninists going to do when we or the asians create a genetically modified subspecies
# justice4cce13 still we believe in the judicial system of pakistan save merit save sindh .
collective punishment will make terrorists
woah cake :( waht nosie do tutrle maek gook spic fucking faggot moron
< user > nah he could be a hindu brown or a ching chong gookboy or a mexican derivative
i noticed in this sting operation video the brown third worlder who was unabashed about banning right wingers is an indian its very embarassing for us indians in india when these dumbfucks go to usa settle there and then decide to backstab white majority by spewing venom against them kick them out
dawson smith with a triple and a taylorville timeout shoes lead < number > < number > with < time > left
goes back to when the jews now < number > but a tiny alien bolshevik minority helped set up the naacp primarily run funded manned by jews all through the uncivil rights era adding the negro < number > to their < number > increased their reach < number > fold they use negroes as shocktroops
fuck brazil shithole ass place with shithole ass people .
allow me to apologize for my last post , as i was drinking heavily last night but you callin me a genetic lottery winner ?
come on now i ' ve had my fair share of hard times just last week a yellow person came into my place of work and started making trouble .
hi , i am just looking for whitepride men in the western canada area particularly bc just to talk to hangout or whatever .
i recall no stories of white nationalists beating and almost killing a cat because it looked like marx ?
intentionally obtuse ?
pot , meet kettle - kettle , pot !
if you " got my " satire " you would know that i was answering the question , not avoiding it .
we need millions of people to cut their carbon footprint , not dozens .
this " leading by example " does n't quite work in this scenario .
these people are not our parents ( and what parent is n't a hypocrite according to your strict standard ? )
using trump as an example of a globetrotter pre - and/or post election , how does he stand up to your criteria ?
traveling the globe promoting zany concepts like peace , medical assistance , energy - saving ideas , new technology , etc .
are necessary evils , if you will , in an effort to promote a greater good .
but of course , if you ca n't see it that way , back to your barcolounger and your in - season tv dinner .
sensual fuck till a cumshot on her hairy pussy url
do n't try to understand me , i fucking hate explaining myself .
this girl rlly a piece of 💩
the only two things that work in this world are money and violence and money only works by purchasing violence or purchasing protection from violence
the russians   are coming !
the russians are coming !
omg !
now it 's the chinese are coming !
the chinese are coming !
stuck on stupid .
give it a rest .
black people - savages , borderline non - human apes .
middle east - favourite pastime is building bombs and blowing themselves up .
indians - shit on the street , eating shit off the street .
asians - robotic , sexless , dictatorial patriarchy .
​ whites - god 's chosen people .
the perfect specimen .
​ they 're one step from chanting " heil hitler " .
actually , that 's inaccurate .
every statistic i 've seen on the matter would suggest that ontario has among the lowest number of public servants as a percentage of the overall population .
can you provide some numbers comparing ontario 's public service to other provinces ?
i 'm not contesting that the public service costs too much , mind you .
i 'm simply questioning the claim that ontario is doing particularly worse than anybody else .
@livingforjc oh for fucks sake .. fuck off you prudish prick blocking twat shitting fuk face
some faggot reported my avi on twitter the same as i have here i wish the main people i follow on twitter were on gab so i could abandon that shitty site
i want to meet some single women in the wichita area for friendship maybe more .
notice it wasn t racist until it involved the white guys that makes < number > of the victims white even cnn now knows there is racism against whites
bhopal gas tragedy killed 15000 indians yeah while you are here , please send bob
time for an ethnic cleansing
it be so good to not got ta woyke in da moanin .
i da only colored dat woyke cuz colored folk be lazy and lives off da white guilt
you do realize that most of us expect trump to be able to say what he believes all on his own ?
he answered a point blank question , his statement was relatively clear for trump - speak    he followed with more speeches that made more claims of polling fraud in the following week .
claims of rampant fraud are a lie .
it 's joe mccarthy waving blank pieces of paper with ' proof ' of commies in government .
funny , i 'm concerned that trump believes what he says , and at the same time , worried clinton does n't believe what she says .
lol 

 oh well , my vote is submitted and that 's the only thing i have any control over .
peace
ever noticed that ' male feminists ' tend to be total creeps ?

no asians no women on my profile thank u 💞
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
" ... kidnapped hundreds of japanese women ... " 
 what garbage site did you read this in ?
as a matter of fact , during wwii , japan used korean women as " comfort women " for their soldiers .
look it up .
chinese race seems to be a spawn of satan himself .. the way they live and the cruelty they inflict on animals and other race humans alike is mind boggling and ca nt come from a human race with even an iota of good in him
hefner was lucky to have his " day " before the nonsense of today 's pc movement .
approval ratings three years out from the election and in the absence of other party leaders and platforms for the 2019 election mean nothing .
trudeau 1.0 also had high approval ratings after his first year in power - and this was against both the conservatives and the ndp with capable leaders and partial platforms - but by the time of the next election in 1972 his approval ratings were down so low that he only won by two seats in a minority parliament and only then because quebecers voted tribally .
so even if the clown prince 's ratings are still high , it does n't mean a thing .
( there is no opposition yet and only political wonks like you and me are paying much attention this early on . )
you 're a fucking man child .
fuck .
you .
i hope you choke on your own shit , you fucking subhuman sociopath .
guess the jews thought that it was the name fox that made people tune in
oh what do you know .
@ambassadorrice does n't like recent revelations regarding # ricegate .
if you can stand the what , do n't jump in fire
" @lildurk _ : i can turn yo bitch into a eaterrrrrrrrr "
okay back to the road see you tagaytay city wuw excited kala mo first timer haha
and you 're literally a mongoloid
nigger kike spic chink faggot pussy cunt bitch sandnigger jap nip leaf fuck shit crap queer jews aa
idk about you but i think kimjongun is perhaps retarded no offense to retarded people northkorea
the chinese people are very individual .
i mean , they are not like the japanese that are obedient .
they 're very -- they 're like jews , really , except that there is a lot more of them .
and you know , i mean , try to think of governing a billion and a half jews .
loved 7 0 comedy you could say nigga paki and be lazy and chase women with big bristols and john and larry were the brighton element
now thats the spirit of   " ' old eugene "
guy next to me on plane : : so , where are you from ?
me : : florida .
guy : : no , like , where are you from ?
me : : um , i was born in new york ... guy : : but , what about ... ( he pulls the corners of his eyes back in an effort to look asian . )
non whites hate white people plain and simple .
they are taught from birth that white people are the cause of all the problems in the world and every bad thing that happens is because of evil racist white people .
" reality is kinda boring .
and i 'm a person with garbage taste . "
you and me both , emily .
you and me both .
my friend said he like his steak extra salty so i superglued his steak to his face
and ... where is your proof of that .
just another lie .
male friend : : so would you ever go out with [ other male friend ] ?
me : : i 'm a lesbian .
male friend : : really ?
i heard you were bi .
me : : no , i 'm not .
male friend : : no man , you totally are .
besides , [ other male friend ] is practically a girl .
me : : ... made me feel powerless to define my own identity , and infuriated that my friend thought it was okay to use my gender to insult my other friend .
another muslim man phones katie hopkins this one is pakistani and he tells her his parents told him to go with white girls as they are scum i believe police ignored the raped girls because police hated pakis and any white girl seen with them
the long game of enzo being more of a hindrance than a help to big cass is and will continue to be wonderful # wrestlemania33
i am honored to be named one of the 100 most influential african women in 2019 .
i salute the other phenomenal women on this list .
url url
< user > < user > hosts of netflix queer eye reboot they are gay dudes who give lifestyle advice to regular people on tv
i 'm convinced that females like ugly ass niggas in 2019
promoting violence or engaging in political violence is not helpful we do not have the numbers or the support to engage in illegal activities such acts of violence are futile and gives more ammunition for our enemies to dehumanize us
a lot of faggots out tonight fuck it like a shitskin pride march
tfw you are browsing occasionally r / new and you only catch new posts from r / incels 
 you know it 's over and you are living life with blackpill view and normie content toggled off
any black women need some groceries hit me here or in the dms i m a choose two for today ❤ ️
note how the blacks do not seem to be observing any sort of consistency in their ascending and descending of the stairway causing the young chinaman to have to wind his way around these irrational beast people it will not get any better china it ll only get worse get rid of them
the sub got so big i do n't even recognize 90 % of the people here 
  i feel left out tbh :(
yaaaawn .............. deflection is dull .
< user > the guy should be sacked basically calling brexit voters nazi
@saithabdullah99 its your fault that you expected humanity from indians .
cernovich race mixes and does tabloid journalism regardless of his fellow white person status cerno in every sense is a bugman he raising chink kids he pro sodomy and pro homosexual a former tranny lover he got a rap sheet a mile long and you and i both know it
i m hella behind in a handful of manga and i ca n't remember what the last chapters i 've read from them are fml
@revrrlewis as a straight man , i do n't understand why anyone needs validation for who or what they find sexually appealing .
yeah we all have different destinations , needs , expectations etc .
the seats are tight and lack padding but cramming everyone in there is what drives down the price obviously .
i want to like frontier .
i do n't mean to be negative in my response although i clearly was .
just surprised about the growth so soon after the holiday melt down that had top brass resigning left and right .
if i ever fly frontier again it will have to be under 2.5 hr gate to gate .
philly back to 4 + hours in those seats kill me .
as a black man i m not even sure how i saw this thread because i 'm not sure i follow this subreddit but i 've learnt perspectives of many wo n't change , if you do n't see how you were privileged that s cool and frankly speaking many persons here have reiterated that we do n't necessarily want an apology but awareness and equality .
none the less i feel the difference , it lingered heavy across the world , even in asia its integrated into their cultures .
carry on with your carry on
what 's the worst part about breaking up with a japanese girl ?
you have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message
we at @ibm believe it is important to celebrate diversity and accept people for who they are , which is why we are in support of gender affirmation benefits . #
lgbtq # diversity url
i had to rate this comment ( " sorta " and " yes " ) but strongly disagreed and came to look for it .
christianity and catholicism , of course , have great art .
but you dismiss the greeks ?
to say nothing of hindu and chinese traditions that are less familiar in the west .
shame for your narrow - mindedness !
no disrespect to mr inouye but this is disgusting .
why do we need to name the honolulu airport after an asian senator   ? ?
why do people think politicians are so great ?
i mean really this is insane the airport is falling apart they ca n't   maintain it but yet spending millions of dollars to change the signs make sense .
hawaii home of the ( d)onkey the most idiotic elected officials ever   !
< user > < user > yeah and virus will not effect muslim 🤣
i 'm not a lawyer and ca n't comment on the legality of the president restricting entry to the us , but as a general principle i think it 's sensible to restrict muslims from entering the us .
islam is inherently a violent religion ( read the quran , please ) .
for years we excluded communists for similar reasons .
the fact that most of these muslims are n’t ‘ white ’ is neither here nor there .
for many decades the us excluded chinese immigrants — not because of violence but because they had demonstrated thatthey tended not to assimilate — and , though i ca n’t speak to statutes , the constitution has never been amended since that time in any way that would invalidate a simila national or ethnic - based restriction .
the protections citizens have against discrimination ( some of which were ‘ read into ’ the constitution by activist courts , and certainly are n’t in the plain meaning of the text ) simply do not apply to foreigners outside the country who desire entry .
if women can sync up their menstrual cycles vader is thinking maybe they can sync up their gab posting and sleep cycles we should do some studies on this for science d
he does not care if america goes brown and shitskins are anti free speech show me one shitskin country with free speech shaprio is a fast talking jew tool
they purchased existing assets , we are talking about new investments , purchasing a used car does n't create jobs , building a new one does , see the difference . ?
govt : do nt litter !
shopping centres : has literally two fucking dustbins per level
what do asians do when they have an erection ?
they vote when they have an erection .
i tried warning those fools but you know white supremacy it only functions when jewish supremacy is supporting it i actually did an episode on this very topic of the colonial castizo futurism but can not upload it they are outnumbered < number > < number > to < number > also plus they do not have a homogeneous military
on the contrary , the media bears some responsibility .
every time they re - published a fake news story ( pizzagate ) or sensationalized the fbi case concerning emails or her husband 's past failings , the media did damage .
so , yeah ... the media needs to accept their role in her defeat .
maria l < number > year old medicine student from germany raped and killed by a muslim refugee
@showusyourwork @mikeprysner so many people are so uninformed about kamala harris .
she 's no progressive & she is definitely not a friend to poc .
this pic shows success and the ghetto all in one area
lumen gentleman , i think you are wrong about this .
the jews , prior to the new covenant , were practicing the true religion set up by god .
even this could not save them , but only christ .
could a righteous pagan go to limbo rather than the fires of hell prior to the law of baptism ?
there is nothing to indicate they could .
if we look at the ex cathedra definitions : 

 " whoever wishes to be saved , needs above all to hold the catholic faith ; unless * each one * preserves this * whole and inviolate * , he will * without a doubt * perish in eternity . "
" the one universal church , outside of which no one at all is saved . "
" we declare , say , define , and proclaim to every human creature that they by absolute necessity for salvation are entirely subject to the roman pontiff . "
and one non ex cathedra statement : 
 " some of these misguided people attempt to persuade themselves that men are not only saved in the catholic religion , but that even heretics may attain eternal life . "
" @realdonaldtrump we all asked " " why did n't you aim those missiles better - like at assad 's house ?
you 're a newb fool .
no grace no honesty . "
you clealy missed this part then hugh " to reflect our goal of maximizing the number of people who apply , which will ensure that government appointments reflect the diversity of canada . "
aka were gon na hire all the indians , asians , blacks , and sikhs .
and avoid hiring white people as much as possible .
@darkskinntatted you ugly as hell so i 'm not gon argue with you .
rat face ass 😭 .
yo slut ass mama should 've swallowed 😩 url
shit unfortunately this is true i would say more so with asian women but also asians tend to live near cosmopolitain fag towns like los angeles new york etc and tend to conform to surroundings
some are and some are not .
you will find that with everything in life .
but whites tend to be more raspecfull to everyone
the whole of western civilisation is our stuff a chinaman in a suit is a pretender a mestizo playing lawyer is a fabrication of a whitie situation they can not but dress up as white civilisation we are that thing that is all what they attempt matters not
oy vey !
the fake jews media is at it again !
i tweet for the dykes and the dykes alone
well he was wearing a hoodie ... at night ... in a gated community .
“ i prefer someone who burns the flag and then wraps themselves up in the constitution over someone who burns the constitution and then wraps themselves up in the flag . ”-
molly ivins 

 i could n't agree more .
our nation has never been perfect .
if we are to continue our uneven progress towards our ideals , we simply must protest our failings , as we have done for generations - civil war , unionization / worker rights , women 's suffrage , civil rights , stonewall / gay rights , free speech movement , anti - war movements , environmental movements and , lately , black lives matter .
sadly , most of these movements and protests are repeats of attempts to rectify our american original sin of slavery and racism .
we 're slowly , unevenly moving forward , but only because of people like these fine sehs students .
bravo , and excellent response from the principal .
we are , it seems , a nation of pissy church ladies , cops , and scolds url
i could n't imagine a minnesota shock jock either but here you are garrison .
is our president mentally retarded
i live in a very white state .
my daughter and i go to a group every thursday about talking to kids about race and racism .
i 'm also part of a reparations group and regularly donate what i can afford to women and men of color who are struggling financially , especially trans people and women of color .
i have participated in several matches and volunteered at our local black lives matter cafe .
i could do more , though .
and i still have to unpack a lot of stuff .
but i want to be an ally who actually does something and shows up .
< user > another retard looking for a way to stay relevant and find some kind of meaning to their life victim mentality iq66
what so we 're supposed to tolerate intolerance now ?
< user > tell me you are actually going to make the nazi pug shirt
happy to see that the new twitter trend is roasting sapiosexuals bc my straight mormon roommate claimed that shit all the time and as a queer woman who actually faced discrimination for my sexuality i hated it and also she was a bitch
the difference between hetero and homo couples part i
< user > < user > because muslims can not be religious persecuted in islamic republic that is pak afg ban there can not be a muslim refugee if he is refugee because of other problem that have to be documneted if india ever thinks about myanmar then buddhist will go out muslims will be there
this looks like an arab slave market with newly abductded european women for sale
this is why naxalt is bullshit the faggot mind of sheep uses the < number > as the rule to say there are no wolves yet when attacked it only < number > of wolves eating sheep
if a muslim person kills innocent people they are considered a terrorist but if a white person does it they are considered mentally ill
as fedup posted below ,   the shooter bought his guns in illinois ,   had a valid illinois firearms owners id ( foid ) , and passed background checks on the purchases .
so spanish public opinion should influence our constitutional rights ?
reddit bans r incels because it was violent against women believed in enslaving women thought women should have their clits cut off and wished the government would mandate them a girlfriend r islam seen extremely nervous and wondering if its next
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > you do not think it hateful to call someone a towel head or a sand n word you do not get it
lemme get this straight the holocaust was a hoax because hitler who most famously known for hating jews was backed by jews you all have to be fucking retarded to believe this shit
we pray differently guyseu u just ca nt ask us muslims to lead the prayer inside the classroom
i got extremely triggered after finding out of the doxxing and reporting to police of a fellow /r / incel 
 imagine being such a loser that you doxx people online cause you do n't like what they say .
definitely when they started promoting asian women and kike bitches over breeding white women i knew they were explicitly anti white faggots fuck them all
preachers preach to women to control the men this is the way the devil operates and he is running your church
to calm my nerves i flame ah backwood up now i m like ching chong 😌 🍃 🌬
i thought it was because they wanted to be prettier than the liberal women 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
but you 're not a racist .
you know the bomb that dropped on hiroshima ?
i guess you can say that was the first rice krispy maker
hell yeah !
trans rights !
joel craig not all of the sudden .
this has been going on since 1976 .
before your ill fated reagan .
the numbers are not on your side bro .
that white privilege is fading and you so desperate you listen to a hollow con man .
where 's that wall ?
why are there 60 % more " illegals " at the border ?
where are those coal mines ?
it is exactly where the republican base is .
old and almost dead thankfully .
what i do n't get is why do white men bitch so much .
if you not a millionaire by now when you had a 400 year headstart you are just a loser .
ah , you do n't want ' them ' to be accommodated .
the ' them ' that in the past has been black , chinese , latino , gay , lesbian .
and it might make a soldier uncomfortable ?
if it does , then that snowflake soldier ai n't gon na be much of a soldier if that 's all it takes to affect his / her morale .
have you thought at all bout this fakenose , or do you just post your prejudices anyway ?
nope , we would n't went ' them ' in the military .
or as neighbours , huh , fakenose ?
do asian lives matter ?
not everything is black or white .
i know lyme fucks with not just your body but your head and emotions .
but damn some if these lymies are just crazy .
this is just the start little chink
he may have been a target for what i call electronic stalkers .
then exhibiting what i call madlib , or trying to grasp at straws connecting the dots .
so ?
rt @thebloodshow : why all these hoes be wearin flowers around they head .
i hope a bee sting they ass
we do not want legal immigrants unless they are white europeans
totally average straight , middle aged , white , american guy here .
my totally average straight , middle aged , white / black / native , american friends and say i love you to each other all the time .
we 've lost a few friends the past couple of years and our mortality has been front and center , so the practice just kind of crept in .
i like it .
kamu is a race baiting homo .
and that fat cunt better carry vasoline , it will make it easier on her when a patriot stomps that fatass and sticks her weapons up her ass .
i am surprised presbyterian bill tammeus did this , too , as if catholics abiding by the courtesy , protocol , of addressing priests as " father , " were deprived in some way of some deeper gospel revelation , or of some better presbyterian way of doing things .
by its reflection in catholic shop windows , as they say , it is called " polite proselytism . "
i 'm asian , and about 70 % of the racial slurs thrown at me have been from black folks .
they ranged from " open your eyes ! "
to " do you speak english ? "
should i accuse the majority of black people as racists or view them in a negative light ?
you sound like a 7 th centurie ad muslim from egypt shut up cryingman
another surprising reason to # remin in the eu : the uk is more equal than most other nations in respect of diversity . #
stopbrexit # votelibdem url
i really fucking hate valve
it 's no coincidence that they all seem to have similar storylines going at the same time , they do it to reinforce the subliminal messages .
hungry .
but so not gon na eat .
gon na get my dream body .
shiah dream body kau hade ?
just gon na lose some weight la .
need a lil drama tweet & # 129305;&#127995 ;
and i have seen asians mexicans and niggers with the same skin color too so they must be the same race
about this stupid oprah shit it is obvious that the democrats really really want their own celebrity president i doubt the bitch will run though
< user > < user > of course this assumes that you are not prejudiced against immigrants or muslims
trump has achieved one thing - getting the illegals to march themselves right out of the us of a into canada .
pretty darn smart if you ask me .
one less illegal to catch and deport .
does it really matter at all joanna777 ?
the $ 600 million was all spent in the state of alaska , investing in communities that none of the other telecommunication companies would bother touching .
so what exactly is your point ?
just to offend more asian and apparently some american sensibilities with historical and scientific fact : 
 " dna analysis confirms japanese are of korean descent " 
 https://www.koreabang.com/2012/stories/dna-analysis-confirms-japanese-are-of-korean-descent.html 

 at all times for america and especially our president we / he should always be about what is best for america and you know what ?
the north and south koreans know this , the chinese know this , the japanese know this , and all the other asian nations know this .
unfortunately for us , it seems to me that many americans do n't know this .
but what the heck , it is really only about winning an election and being able to claim " my buffoon " is potus .
of course nobody thinks " their buffoon " is really a buffoon , just the other guy / gal is really the buffoon .
since china is far more powerful and important to us than s. korea and if we score points with china at s. korea 's expense , do you think we gain more by " offending " china or s. korea ?
tiny heads 
 i have a tiny head , if you took the head off a gi joe and replaced it with a tic - tac that would be me .
that 's is what the article says too but since it was women who wrote it it just blurs by your blinders .
iq is mostly genetic .
uplay launcher crashes repeatedly .
< user > especially with a nazi i the white house
morneau is a bumbling idiot - almost as pathetic as junior .
they just close their eyes to chinese money laundering .
where the hell is the cra and fintrac - pathetic all of them .
stop giving away our country to the lowlives from china .
markham is a pigsty - all chinese and the police do n't even crack down on the careless drivers - yes all chinese but funny when they crash into each other .
so i work , pay taxes and get screwed .
meanwhile jimmy lee moneylaunder , pays no taxes , causes multiple car accidents because he ca n't drive but has a mercedes and has 10 empty house .
disgusting - thanks junior - you suck and have a speech problem .
try learning mandarin , you may fare better as your english sucks .
kadri 's hit was clean , ovie embarrassed himself .
just one pp goal was all the leafs needed .... not to be .
ca n't merit be the big requirement ?
why should any number of seats be set aside for ancestry ?
i 've never been sick , or in pain at a doctor 's office and wondered " gee , i sure hope my doctor is of an ethnically diverse background . "
i do n't care .
i do n't care what colour their skin is .
i do n't care if it 's a man or a woman .
be white , be black , be native , be asian , be a freaking martian .
can we please stop with the endless pandering to " racial diversity " , and just get good doctors ?
i do not want a student with awesome potential to not get in because their ancestry is n't right for the seats that are left .
it would n't fly if a native got told that they were a stellar fit for the program , and the administration really hopes that they apply again next year ... because the seats in the class that are left are reserved for white people .
folks would call that " racist " .
and they 'd be right .
lionel richie often alters his songs when he 's performing in certain countries . "
he 's a lady " goes down a treat in thailand .
how i feel after improving myself a little but i 'm still incel 
 " i tried so hard and got so far 

 but in the end it does n't even matter 

 i had to fall to lose it all 

 but in the end it does n't even matter "
easing tension between the us and russia is secondary , to the trump haters .
to the far left it is far more important to continue the trump collusion witch hunt .
the chinese are showing us the way here .
they execute anybody involved in drugs , including the end user .
do we have the guts to do that ?
we 're not going to do that any more than we 're going to finish the port of anchorage .
so let 's just ignore it .
stop wasting money .
eventually cultural resistance will set in and we 'll be free of this plague .
yes , you are correct , but the commenter wanted to reach back in time for sins of the past respectfully topsy , and i think both parties have quite a bit of baggage if one is going to do that .
i love teddy roosevelt myself , america 's first conservationist and look at what the republican party is today , sharp contrast in my opinion .
but if we bring up the sins of the past , both parties are guilty of many things !
i tell you one thing that i thought i 'd never see evolve today , the party that supports labor advocate for the flood of illegal labor !
coretta scott king and many other well noted civil right leaders spoke out against illegal labor , knowing full well it 's impact on minorities who are often more adversely effected by unemployment .
even though i hold conservative views , i support organized labor .
sometimes it has to be checked in public sector because the abuse that power , and public unions should never have retirements attached to the taxpayers , but be given choice privately .
tighten the sanctions and do not negotiate with ragheads if you do nt want to get nuked by them .
http://nypost.com/2016/09/01/tax-dollars-went-toward-clinton-foundation-email-server-report/
maybe they should import millions more immigrants to drive wages down and increase their tax burdens ?
every single white country is getting swamped with 3rd world trash .
look around .
search " white people " on twitter today if you 're unclear about the level of vitriolic hate people have for you and your culture 

 it reminds me that this is n't going to work out and they have to go
racist : white ppl are racist sexist : feminists are sexist homophobic : just do nt touch me pls
a candidate ( raitt ) who goes to the expense and trouble of mounting a website focused on her opponent ( stopkevino'leary.com ) , should darn well be seen as " controversial " !
she should also be seen as politically - challenged and terribly frightened .
she appears that way to me .
and that ( twitter ) rant against mr. o'leary on the debate issue ?
mimics the behaviour of the pres .
of the us ( i suspect she hates him , too , ) that her behaviour now has reached the height of irony .
the fact that this behaviour is regarded as " less controversial " ( by one commenter , at least ) says as much about others as it does about candidate raitt .
michael pineda you fucking bum ... it 's the 2nd inning and the bullpen is already active # unbelievable # yankees
@_red_benny the shit that goes down in asia and the middle east defies belief .
putrid cunts .
you know what they say about suicide bombers .... you qu'run but you ca n't hide !
in this newest video i am posting it is relevant to this particular thread at 3 : 55 mark , though i suggest watching the whole thing !
my positions are determined by wrong and right , not black and white .
@tariq_khan551 @rekharammali @tarekfatah @icc @msdhoni @bcci do u have any proof that whom u call ur father is ur actual father ... have u ever seen ur mom fucked by the man whom u call ur father .. if u do nt have such evidence .. so it would be better for u to shut u mouth ..
it is really premature to fight over a project that has n't even reached fid yet .
if it were me making the decision , i would walk away until sanity returns .
aside from a cheap laugh .... this adds to adult conversation how , exactly ?
i think i 'm just going to play video games all day .
^.^   it 's been a super stressful week .
i need a break .
@fritz kobe foaking philippine cowards without balls , only could moaning like your foaking ho mom when being foaked by my juicy c ock , coward .
he may be technically correct .
unlike the antarctic , where the ice is very old , the arctic ice continues to form and melt .
so while the north pole has been covered by ice for millions of years , the actual ice covering it is probably pretty new .
but so what ?
he 's making a meaningless point .
fools for making a point of slamming racist behaviour at the highest level in a country that 's been infected with racism for hundreds of years ?
you 're the fool .
< user > let ’ see some of you zealot commenters volunteer to house the illegal aliens
at what age did you start to identify as an incel ?
if famous black millionaire athletes can not love this country that pretty decisive proof that blacks will never peaceably coexist w whites
what this is about is not superior nor inferior .
it is about not penalizing asians who do well on an admissions test .
it is about how stupid it is to infer that whites would be upset if more asians got into harvard ( or any college ) if asians did better on a test .
you took us down a rabbit trail because you tried to make an illogical leap about one race being inferior .
my final question to you is : why did you not include blacks in your " inferior " designation .
why are only whites inferior to asians ?
i ordered a calculator from china ... all i got in the mail was a chinese kid
got ta hand it to dem asians show me a nigger country building own h bomb
staycommittedmrpm all muslim world is watching to pakistan and imran khan
little did i know the next three days would be the absolute worst days of my life how wild is that https://t.co/px1fanbdg5
no more of this madness i shall take refugee in a bottle
told niggas i could not do nun for em and stopped hearing from em
bracken house weather at 16:00 - temperature : 18 ° c→ humidity : 49%↓ pressure : 1,020.5mb→ wind : 3mph→ from the ssw .
daily rain : 0.0 mm .
shutting down racism begins with all of us people with actual brains coming together , and leaving those who are lacking brain out .
# thehumanrace
that s what she get for merrying a lowlife dirtbag edomite trash ..... lost is justice for stabbing her black community in the back ...... just like tiger woods oj simpson charles black trash barkley and the rest of those who merry white trash women and nasty white kkk and nazi men ..... i have no feelings to what happens to you for merrying outside your race ..... and ill do the same if my son or daughters do the disgusting white thing .... i teach mines to stay with your own rather its black latnios or native americans .... negro must stay with in the the tribes .... not easu the devil ....
< user > < user > nah it ’ just retarded
i believe yours is a very narrow opinion that does not consider that local ag , as well as all local businesses that depend on imported materials , would benefit from lowered prices .
local ag would have to compete with a larger influx of imported goods but at the same time the price of imported materials such as fertilizer would drop accordingly .
so would everything else .
but the bottom line is , as the author pointed out , the jones act is protectionism , which at it 's core is another example of cronyism .
government controlling things they have no business controlling , and by doing so hurting everyone , except for the select few .
in other words it 's another government handout to the rich .
corporate welfare .
hey , he hates asians too !
apparently successful minorities get under the loony left 's skin .
this is exactly like the disasterous phoenix payroll system that was rammed in by the liberals despite multiple warnings from the experts for over a year it was nowhere close to being ready .
implement first despite all the warnings , realize all the problems and disasterous consequences , and then somehow blame the previous government for crippling canada is how liberals operate .
accountants are admitting the wording is so confusing and bad in this legislation that there will be an onslaught of appeals requiring an army of expensive lawyers to always argue your case with the cra .
the idea that ace people are coming into lgbt spaces suggests that ace people are not queer and also reeks of here they come into our spaces rhetoric that would not fly if it were white people talking about black people or men talking about women and rightly it should not
it is curious to me that a victims rights lawyer has an entire article ... 

 ...   in which the victims are always always always women , and even specifically asian women in an example given ... 

 ... and the perpetrators are always always always men , as implied by the specified concern that male cops asking questions might doubly traumatize the woman victim .
um , hello ?
is canada the first country in the world in which boys are never raped by men ?
or where men are never raped by men ?
or where girls or women are never abused by women ?
yikes , talk about sexism in print .
wow .
you really showed how ignorant you are .
so the native americans were n't thrown from their homeland right ?
you really are the chimpanzee the writer was talking about .
yall believe that y all possess all the knowledge of the world in your stupid western education .
yall claim we have no knowledge but who navigated to the islands without compasses ?
who were here since 800 a.d .
at the latest and somehow the race is still here .
barely here due to the contact of capt cook who brought diseases that we did n't understand how to treat but the main point is .... yall say we were here since 300 - 800 a.d .
but our knowledge is dumb right ?
cause only western knowledge matters right ?
the comment above is the perfect reason why we want all europeans and asians out .
hawaiians need to get back to the dirt and grow our infrastructure of our nation without any oversight of european and asian countries .
@vote4robgill is making a lot of noise against @fordnation but yet pushes the same style of bigoted hate speeches . #
onpoli # niagara # ontario # extreamist # dangerousminds # hatespreadingmachine
boycott # # boycott # # boycott chobani 's yogurt expands plants to hire more foreign refugees ..... boycott # # 
 boycott ...
are you equating the bible with husler magazine , js fry ?
i 'll have you know that 's ezekial 23:19 , a passage jehovah inspired ezekiel to write one day when he was feeling particularly randy .
maybe the problem with christianity is that christians do n't focus on the right parts of the bible enough .
when things get stale and bland and your not happy where the product is going what does wrestlers in the big leagues like wwe when they 're not happy anymore they politely ask for their release
" i guess words are better than actions for the ones that like to here the fake " " i love you 's " " .... whateves i guess "
why do muslim women suicide bomb to get an enormous eternally erect penis in heaven top saudi imam delivers throbbing theological thesis
for a month , everyone in india politicized the world cup by comparing the team to abhinandan .
explains the * fall * of wickets now .
we need to know where these immigrants are !
gather them up , and dump them away ! !
i fucking hate racists .
i fucking hate these fucking losers who act so brazenly racist towards white people .
slavery ?
by white people ?
ha fucking ha , brown people have practised slavery just as much , if not more than white people ever have .
american slavery is the only slavery these uneducated nerds have ever heard of .
@aoc @kboivi07 these filthy foreigners all need to be deported !
morning 
 in accounting you need to reflect the invoice cost in your books which would r 25 / kg in this example .
the rebates are generally as a percentage and are services rendered separate from the invoice .
as originally pointed out the removal of the rebate system and its replacement by a normal distribution model would not necessarily change the price of the goods in the consumers ' hands and neither would it change the income actually received by the producer .
on the basis that the rebate income is fully utilised for the marketing of the particular lot or consignment that is linked to there is no financial benefit to the retailer .
it merely understates your gross margin which is useful marketing bumpf for the retailer .
if not all the rebate income is used for its supposed purpose it becomes other income and is a direct benefit to the retailer .
i recommend the film no escape to everyone to see how evil asians can be in a race war
i am tired of niggas acting like carmelo anthony is trash
and these were not soldiers these were civilians mostly women and children some experimented on it is not the only example of the horrors humanity can commit by any means but it a terrible example for sure
you ’ re ghetto stfu 😂
is that what you think ?
have you forgotten about the american invasion of korea .
have you forgotten about the 50 years of brutal rule by the japanese over the koreans ?
i think you must be a human turd .
i will hunt you down you f**cker and slit your f***ing throat .
what part of they want to kill us regardless is so difficult to grasp that all i have been saying yet you lot are so erroneously laser focused on the jews that you are likely to let a moslem take you by the hand
< user > yes they put fear in black people jews and even white civil rights workers and they deny the holocaust ever happened
🤧   the limousine liberal jews and wasps who want to assuage their white guilt .. sjw maladjusted gays and nigs so they can pester and bother me ; bullshit wack monotheist judeo - christianity values that 's i 'm suck when i leave chinatown
thank you obamacare ..   i may just pay the penalty next year and forgo insurance ..
< user > < user > every single time nothing an islamist says can ever be trusted
gerson overlooks the main reason ( in my opinion ) trump is suddenly soft on china .
recently the chinese government granted trump 38 or so trademarks .
now the chinese are no longer currency manipulators .
it also means that trump has accepted emoluments which are unconstitutional .
so trump is both inept and openly corrupt .
go to hell you digital spic .
blacks whites and asians are all different species what we are doing combining these species and producing so many different hybrid species is going against god plan for order
hooey balooey .
fast and loose with this terminology realdealholyfield " your [ sic ] such a racist person . "
and you are waaaaaay off base with this : " you trump [ sic ] people are cowards . "
i do find your race baiting hatred of lawful americans despicable - no ,   make that deplorable - a basket full in fact .
what race is a illegal alien criminal realdealholyfield ?
in almost all latino / hispanic arrest cases , they are listed as white race .
there are only these choices - so which race is the ones trump supporters are racists against ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
1 ) white 
 2 ) black 
 3 ) asian / pacific islander or 
 4 ) native american / alaska native
man with iphone at starbucks : : * stops me * excuse me do you know anything about shanghai ?
me : : hehhehh ... no .
him : : * stares at me questioningly * me : : * continues toward table smirking * i 'm vietnamese and 17 .
he 's probably 40ish .
because a few are lunatics , you would punish all ?
the vast majority of immigrants , whether they came here " either yesterday or twenty years ago , " are law - abiding , productive citizens .
in my city neighbourhood , there are muslim bank tellers , asian fishmongers , asian greengrocers , a french computer repair guy , korean dry cleaners , a bosnian watch repair fellow , a hungarian chef , an egyptian chef and some greek chefs , sri lankan restaurant owners , an italian clothing store owner , a libyan barber ,   ... should all of these people who contribute to their community have been barred from the country because some people are extremists ?
must kill collabvm users for the glory of allah
any urgent questions in parliament today about telford do not be such nervous nelly paki moslem child rape gangs are just part parcel etc etc
< user > < user > last time i checked he has < number > career sacks vs the eagles layne johnson has made him his bitch
gay jew pesters geriatric smug athiest .
who fuken cares ?
man , twitter sucks .
what do i have to do to get your fucking attention
a lesbian lass from khartoum once invited a queer to her room they spent the whole night in a terrible fight over who would do what and to whom
this truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .
they shifted a wire leader with blood , that from the way across the pink swim - bladder like full - blown roses stained and then
this bout the dumbest shit cheat i m a beat yo ass his ass and his momma ass
@she_speakslife @oluwadiipsy i am the righteousness of god in christ jesus .
i am blessed , and am a blessing .
brokenhearted and slightly retarded
does not matter where it comes from white people always make food better tex mex is better than tru mex american chinese food is better than gook food europe is the epicenter of refined food brown ppl just eat whatever they can get their grubby paws on
< user > < user > wtf is this ching chong shittery english mf
tds < number > i do not think i have heard such retarded bullshit since < number >
stfu go back to china you moron go eat fetus
if you do n't have a uterus and you have n't had your period in the last 80 years then you should n't be making abortion laws sweaty
" " " people do n’t become gay , bisexual , pansexual , transexual .
people just fall in love with another person . ” "
# consequences review : slovenia 's first lgbtq film is a sexy study of male rage url url
@omeagoz @education4libs if you 're interested in equality , then why support legislation that promotes nonexistent rights for certain groups .
the constitution already ensures equality to all , including lgbtqia .
< user > < user > < user > millions of yemeni children starve because of trump policies republicans i sleep a woman gets raped and does not want to carry his baby republicans real shit
like it or not , and i certainly do n't , but ireland , especially ni is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists .
john 11:25 
 that 's it .
that 's everything .
the gook hooker gets lots of shekels from heebs
is that a picture of the under age niece naked bed fiddler we are supposed to think is a saint because he kicked out the enlightened british from ruling his streetshitting hell hole gandhi in the background the poster seems to concur that sainthood propaganda anyway namastgay
look at these 2 photo ..... a freedom fighter who paved the way for many female singer who support # lgbtq and is about to perform at # prideparade   a rich white straight man who does n't give a f about equality why do y' all support him instead of # madonna ? #
madamex # edsheeran url
everybody criticize lebron as if they can do w this nigga has done for the last < number > yrs lol
india is the filthiest country on planet earth .
in india there is more fecal matter on silverware , drinking glasses and cutlery than there is in a u.s. toilet .
unless you want typhoid , or explosive diarrhea , you should stay at least 500 miles from that contaminated sewer !
is she gay
my posts suggest that i am seeking reassurance from others due to my lack of social connection and feelings of misfortune .
ptss is real and is the only reason west africans who it was forced upon think they are linked to an ancient iraqi culture this is a serious psychological problem that must be addressed .
@hamdardzahid eid mubarak to you and respected family zahid sahib .
@hamdardzahid eid mubarak to you and respected family zahid sahib .
many fat little piggy princelings in china -- but alas with   no children any more soon there will be no chinese just africans in china -- so sad .
if the shooter was a muslim man , then donald trump would call him a terrorist and a ban on muslim immigration .
if the shooter was a hispanic man , then trump would call him a terrorist thug and a crackdown on illegal immigration .
if the shooter was asian , then he would be a criminal terrorist and a crackdown on triads .
if the shooter was black , then there would be a crackdown on gang members .
if the shooter voted for hillary clinton and the democrats , then he would be a political terrorist and a member of the antifa .
since the shooter was a white christian male who taught bible school and an ex - member of the air force , he is a mentally ill man who needed help .
no need for gun control .
however , twitter clients and web are supposed to have the same tools / exp .
that 's why devpolicy does n't really encourage 3rd party clients .
no i have nt , none of them are in my area the nearest in over an hour away and the picture if them was posted almost three years ago .
one significant result of “ tales of the untold ” is the signing of a petition in support of the sexual offences against children bill tht was
< user > < user > what else is new fabricating racial tensions blacks are very good at lying about white racial attacks only hurts those truly attacked
fina hatta law sta2elit l hkoume ndal nnazim hek lit events
she 's hard working , like an asian .
not sure of my view on the trade deal but i find that the regions in belgium actually have a say .
imagine that being the case here before the paris accord was signed .
in englandstan mass paki gangs raping white children is less offensive than typing nasty words online according to britishstani police they say they have no resources to round up < number > thousand known moslem terrorists but have enough resources to arrest people that say nasty words you work it out
if your mum did nt drop you head first you probably would n't be as retarded
shitskin indian with a mudshark wife wants to invite socialist niggers into our home i have heard this story before ends badly much ugliness
new gab category within a month of markle and her extended ghetto family moving in
niggas are really bitches gettin round to be bitch
to the downvoter do you deny this take a gander at < user > posts regarding modern christians a k a cuckstians fake christians who put jews on a pedestal and promulgate a suicidal worship of the other many such cases
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
fukumoto is one of ours .
you may disagree with her politics .
you may not like her personality or tactics .
but , locals vs. anyone else , you back the local ( local hawaian , local asian , local haole .
from here .
of here . ) .
particularly when attacked by a white supremacist .
i found some more books for dr. crum to brush up on ; to keep his license , perhaps learn some about himself ... 

 https://books.google.com/books/about/on_narcissism_an_introduction.html?id=zxx-cgaaqbaj&printsec=frontcover&source=kp_read_button 

 https://books.google.com/books?id=0b8m3ukieucc&pg=pa124&lpg=pa124&dq=textbooks+on+megalomania&source=bl&ots=yxtewnqyrk&sig=aba5gipoangwdwrqtrm6en78wwg&hl=en&sa=x&ved=0ahukewjgvzn2tptuahvmwmmkhq5zarkq6aeizzai#v=onepage&q=textbooks%20on%20megalomania&f=false 

 both the classic narcissism , and the more specific , meglomania .
time for an ethnic cleansing
nia vardalos in my big fat greek wedding made me gay
all irrelevant .
what we do know about her is that she is here illegally ( that is , she violated the law ) and that she was convicted of felony identity theft ( that is , she violated the law ) .
do you know what that makes her ?
a criminal .
i think grandma would have been better off if y' all had just left her there url
i ca n't say i like alba 's views either , but oh my god does this accurately portray what it 's like for latinas to grow up in a modern pro - feminist society and interact with the older generations of women in our family .
i think the dialogue they give portrays this really well .
# breaking active shooter reported at columbus , ohio high school .

maybe but you get them in all races our biggest problem is white underclass like this you need to educate africa to our standards without their whinging about slavery racism making no effort etc then measure it to know for sure
it is caribou which have the hollow hairs ... or so i have been led to believe ..
production of white babies and increasing white population is a task of each white couple .
why is it such an astounding thing to say that world poverty is down ?
what stats are you looking at ?
chick filet is homophobic
anyone know any movies or books with incel characters ?
even fucking hull could turn a one goal deficit around .
we will deport you all and arrest the rest there is no escape ....... this is americas purge !
good lord eliaundelis i ’ m a good lancer of the parchment not a queer sculptor
caldwell has many other peons on special contracts , courtesy of honolulu taxpayers : =)
lmao ... if the idea that " women who have sex before marriage ( or do n't cover their face or what ever other barbaric shit ) are unclean and have sinned " comes directly from the book then " honor killings because my daughter / wife has sinned and is unclean " also comes from the book ...
i 've just heard the premier league football show say united has the 14th best attack in the league ... ?
where did you get that ? #
mufc
i swear some guys are good for nothing ... i do nt know how some women put up with their pussy ass boyfriends , who do nt support , help , or motivate them .
@hulyaturkey @malala she is stupid girl avoid her tweets
it 's only happened to you like two times .
why are aspirins white ?
because they work
supplement handi vans with more thai baht buses and scooter taxis .
i like those filipino tricycles .
put them in every neighborhood to ferry people to the near bus stops , shopping centers , hospitals , doctors ' offices , etc .
have them charge cheap reasonable fares .
amazing to see such kind of enthusiasm in @derasachasauda volunteers of buildings homes for the economically poor and needy ones and it is all the teachings of saint dr @gurmeetramrahim ji insan # homelyshelterforneedy url
gay people should die
incredible how asians have been turning to shitlib ideologies they are traditionally bulwarks of confucian law order disgusting they should be executed
< user > lmfaoo ya moms a hoe
what 's russia 's next move , after abrogating the air coordination agreement with the us ?
severely restrict us air operations over syria ?
@alisohrab007 @arunjaitley a jihadi scum in whatever profession will remain a jihadi and we indians must thank stinking muzzie lowlifes like @alisohrab007 keep proving us hindus right by time & again reiterating that they are rotten pieces of meat shaped like homosapiens
< user > biggest coward chinaman satanist lee hsien loong criminals had audible talks past few years it started in < number > he got his criminals to loiter at my 1 9 8 0 address they gossiped false information around < number > < number > and < number > marsiling lane singapore
... lol no .
and you do nt think 3rd world shit holes do nt " pillage rape , and enslave " ?
lol get real .
they do it 1000x worse .
go to africa and have a look .
the 1st world also supplys trillions to 3rd world and they do fuck all with it .
europe / north america needs to be for european decent .
you can have everything else .
middle east for arabs asia for asians south america for south americans africa for africans ect fair is fair .
we can see how well they do on their own .
good luck
on this date in history : 

 in 45 b.c. , new year ’s day was celebrated on jan. 1 for the first time as the julian calendar took effect .
[ classic ] guy asks out 1000 girls and gets rejected by all of them , comments are full of people shitting on op
why would he attack a white music festival the suspect is some gook bitch
when i get married i want my wedding to be like the one off crazy rich asians
silk sheets and diamonds all white
i do n't understand why pointing out the obvious seems to trigger people such as yourself .
i suspect it 's easier to engage in hairsplitting about how donnie is not exactly like hitler or mussolini , or what is different about right wing authoritarians that support donnie vs. those that supported fascists of the past , rather than confronting what your party has become , and either working to fix it , or find another party to affiliate with - i think to ignore it is to put our country in peril , and so i wo n't ignore it , and i will not stop speaking plainly about it , no matter how politically incorrect you and others like you seem to find it .
btw , many of the skinheads , breitbarters and 4channers very much want those they consider the enemy ( gays , blacks , jews , hispanic , asian , non - xtians , union members , and " liberals " - meaning , anyone who does not give full throated support to their idiot god , including " cuckservatives " , to be subjected to the worst that the third reich had to offer .
dawson smith with a triple and a taylorville timeout shoes lead < number > < number > with < time > left
religion needs to be annihilated peacefully and without tyranny
i believe they identified a lack of willingness to win .
strength is easily gained by weight training and diet changes ... willingness to do what it takes to succeed is more difficult , and that is why they are competing every day to   keep their starting positions .
hence , the departures of many who just could n't accept not having things " given " to them !
best thing to do is go along to a blood and honour gig .
there is one in london in 2 weeks .
a little bit of nail varnish and lipstick does not queer masculinity if you are still calling women who disagree with you hags bitches sluts whores etc being a misogynist is very masculine of you
abortion is violence violence is not healthcare abortion is not healthcare whywemarch
< user > a born again muslim is that like new socialism
@sanjukta donkey ass .... insulting religions will make u sick nd mental
if you could be remembered for bringing about the destruction of only one thing , what would it be ?
seriously canada would have been better off if they left the pakis at home , i m like you i do n't object to asians because they at least try to fit in .
you know the bomb that dropped on hiroshima ?
i guess you can say that was the first rice krispy maker
yes , we are miles apart .
we want to help the poor , you do not .
i suggest that if you get this crap from your guru in opus dei , then you had better quite that cult , since it does not teach christianity .
if this is your political ideology speaking , then it is similarly not christian , but rather morally bankrupt .
lol at < user > thinks he a dothead kike lol
israel need some diversity then jews will be good at sports finally it will be their strength altright
it 's actually global cooling as it has n't been global warming since 1998 which is why they rebranded it to the more generic climate change so they 'd win either way .
@realdonaldtrump so , start blowing up   the israeli , al shabab , taliban & saudi terrorists with the new american killing machine & drop a few bombs to blow up the chinese thugs in the sc sea .
a lot of american fart & not enough us shit to splatter around it seems !
well immigrants are rapists and murderers so that explains at least some portion of it
i 'm of italian decent .
a lot of my family members and other fellow italian - americans are very big on " their roots " .
i do n't really care .
i 'm more interested in having things in common with the people around me , enjoying the things i like , and being an overall decent moral person .
the traditions of my ancestors are n't important to me , only the traditions of my immediate family are .
i think it will be good if we see more international commonalities , particularly in this era of connectivity .
times change .
go build a toilet or two for your street shitting brethren and whilst at it take a shower too you smelly shitskin scum
i like my girls how i like my chicken as white meat nuggets .
ah shite !
aguero always fucking scores against us ...
yeah london has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies .
quoting ignazio silone is not a personality
who would join a baseball chat if i created it ?
another pr spin .
taking pictures of the potus holding and pretending to help black people does n't mean a thing to the people who are aware of this sham .
how many pictures were there again ?
any pictures holding or helping white victims ?
how about any hispanics or asians ?
no , none ... let 's just say you 're not the first to try this tactic .
look at the lack of attention for the little boy in the flash t - shirt .
how sad .
the potus and his pr team 's agenda has been exposed .
muslims arrive with their predetermined prejudices to not be good neighbours .
everybody in quebec who is not " pur laine " is marginalized , even their gay , and asian communities are marginalized , but people still get along .
ingrate muslims   reject the quebecois host and all others ,   and then blame the host all others for the rejection .
< number > pikey is worth < number > pakis
so this is the bigot channel .
uneducated morons .
just like the youth in america you whine about , you are the problem .
you have no respect for anyone .
truly classless trash .
your hillbilly folk must be proud .
i do not know about you but i have never considered sweden an ally so what if they are overrun they deserve it so do their smug coal burning women sweden role in this is to provide an example of muzzie immigration
many of the families who are being separated at the border and who are being kept in poor conditions did try to cross legally , through legal ports of entry seeking asylum .
lol you keep typing fuxc you dumb cunt you paki trash are way too dumb to even fix your auto correct
why is cocaine white ?
because it actually works .
mr. trump , after 251 mass killings this year , your racist rhetoric and opposition to common sense gun reforms are unacceptable .
if you are n't willing to call out white nationalism and take strong action to protect american lives , you should resign the presidency immediately .
rapists : * rape people * y' all : 😶 3 % of rape accusations : * are false * y' all : this bitch should be in jail for the next 45 years , she 'll be scrubbing floors the rest of her life , then we 're gon na stone her to death in the town square , and spit on her grave every day until we die
< user > < user > they have a problem with muslim refugees and rightly so
while i welcome a majority of the new laws to be implemented this year , i do n't quite understand the required teaching of gay / lesbian contributions .
starting 2012 students in california must " receive mandatory lessons " in history classes about gays and lesbians , and a ban will be enforced on " teaching materials that reflect poorly on gays . "
while i understand the teaching of cultural advancement , ... i do n't get how california 's government can justify the need for this .
what we want is for gays , lesbians , and straight people to live together in harmony ; how does separating their accomplishments do anything good , at all ?
is there a " straight peoples ' accomplishments " section in history books , or is that not required ? "
seems strange since climate change is a hoax started by the chinese ?
maybe they died in shock of human stupidity .
still less homoerotic than * riverdale . *
ask anyone criticizing the president if they 'd prefer taking their family on vacation to haiti or europe .
right i 'm sleeping so good night !
i hope jackson 's doing ok , that bam gets to korea safely and for all of got7 to stay healthy ✊
what a fantastic group of women to be our world champions .
url
related instagram tags for jewelry fashionable designer trendy hairstyle fashion gram fashion blog menswear men style trend
that beavis butthead phuck should be boycotted saw a posted clip where he was bitchin about the ban and appeasing muzzrats and their g d guy is a libtard pos
many of the families who are being separated at the border and who are being kept in poor conditions did try to cross legally , through legal ports of entry seeking asylum .
what is the difference between asians and racism ?
racism has many faces
the passenger was a 69 yr old asian chinese , some say a doctor .
the manhandlers were with the chicago dept of aviation , not chicago police .
the passenger got hurt being dragged across armrests , then dragged down the aisle .
right or wrong , three husky security types manhandling a 69 year old guy .
disgusting .
what do you call a black jew ?
the one who survived the cremation .
i always get the two of you mixed up , i 'm not sure why .
all of whom are women of colour .
the colour of shit talking shit acting shit .
i am with trump bye bye
guy pretends to be attractive female on kik , gets showered with male attention , posts results
yep , otherwise , the trump propaganda machine will de - legitimize investigative journalism which will risk american democracy .
mr. ritte , 
 everyone but you being wrong about a subject is just as persuasive as using all capital letters .
historical facts are by definition unhidden and there has been no change in the curriculum in our universities about the state of hawaii or its history . "
logs for the fire " what are you going to burn mr. ritte ?
yes and the borders are outlined for the jews to inhabit the rest is colonised by arabs israel the only country to have its borders spelt to in the bible
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
native born canadians are such a pain .
they whine that they are   being denied this and that   because foreign students pay more and thus get more .
they think just because they 're born in canada , canada owes them something like an education .
maybe they are   all just racist against asian / chinese people .
yah that 's it .
bc is doing a good job of putting those rotten racist canadian students in their proper place at the bottom of   the pecking order .
you have to read the rest christ is not his last name a moslem would never confess him as christ 2 nd best prophet ever
colin kaepernick signed a $ 114,000,000/ 6 year contract with the 49ers .
proof that blacks are not oppressed .
colin kaepernick should be ashamed of himself .
wrong message to send .
if you want to send a message tell all lazy whites , blacks , mexicans , asians who sit around and belly ache about being oppressed to get off their lazy butts and go to work .
do nt sit around crying about how the " man " is holding you back .
if you sit around and smoke weed and act like a moron towards police ... well .... you reap what you sow !
for those of you that know me , i have this at my place also .
no one is asking the public to subject themselves to second hand smoke .
the law intended to allow smoking lounge businesses which you are free to patronize or not .
it did not seek to allow marijuana smoking in parks , on the sidewalks , or other public places where people could n't choose to avoid second hand smoke .
i am an american but i am ethnically chinese people often ask me what does ching chong ching chong mean i always answer it means go fuck yourself you retarded democrat speakfreely
absolutely !
i used to think women and men were equal in emotional content but boy was i wrong .
i have seen my mom and sister struggle with emotions but when i saw my own daughter struggle i realised that being a girl and going through puberty is an emotional roller coaster that i could not handle personally .
great respect for all the women in my life , including the transgenders .
i love you all !
here comes silverstein to white knight for faggotry while taking potshots at < user > ‍ you are a pathetic faggot consider an hero
trudeau is tone deaf , we do not want more chinese fraud , 

 sincerely , 

 bc invaded by china 

 ( p.s. send them home ! )
white people vs black and brown people will be race wars on the earth
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > hey < user > there is a maldivian refugee living in canada who is stoking islamophobia and hatred and living off canadian welfare please look < user > up for tos violations < user > < user > < user > < user > < user >
guys , shoot that bitch .
well at least mulan is of asian descent , makes sense .
meanwhile in norway : ariel is apparently a black character .
i m doing better alone , still hurts when i m checking my phone knowing your out fucking a clone but i m off&#127926 ;
all pointed to a human or superhuman intelligence — the breaking of the watercasks to divide the forces the driving of the blacks over the cliff and last and greatest the grim jest of the crimson necklace knotted like a hangman noose about belit white neck
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
so david , are asians better at math than white people ?
should it be dumbed down for the caucasians also ?
us and nz milk is safe .
do n't confuse yourself with the facts .
yeah but without the gay gook behind the wheel
and gba - be sure to wear your pink * * * * * hat .
" is your name kim jong - un , m'boy ? " "
no papa " " then finish off your vegetables "
if every muslim was to work and learn english instead of faking back pain for dole put britain first the problems would be drastically smaller coming from a british muslim britainfirst britfam
sounds like america today : 

 1917 jewish cheka secret police of ussr solzhenitsyn said , “ the cheka’s .. settle accounts outside the court system .. repressive organ — one single authority entrusted with spying, .. arresting ... directing their prosecution , furnishing .. judges & carrying out ( executions ) . ”
< user > linda came to flint michigan for a photo op of delivering water to families she not even from michigan our newpaper made a big deal to show how co operative the recent refugees were in this crisis
got ta hand it to the jews .. they sure are good actors .
they seem so genuine in their collective hatered of trump .
i always thought it was trump was ending their racket and plundering of our wealth .
turns out , it 's bc they secretly love trump for helping them .. with .. the capital .
yeah .
israel probably does n't even want americans to do their fighting is syria anymore .
its all part of the plan .
make trump look like a hero by ending the war on terror .. that 's just want israel wants .
to have to fight their own wars .
they were bored of watching .
yeah !
also , the capital thing
being lgbt friendly is good for business .
i do n't have a problem with that .
i ca n't see like 60 % of the comments
when you get married your surname will be asian .
that 's fucked up .
what 's red , sits in the corner and cries a baby eating razor blades .
what 's blue and sits in the corner ?
same baby < number > weeks later
he will end up getting cuckolded by a horse and his chink waifu
once again i clean the community health center albeit they left the community for the burbs but want the people to come here anyway she bitched about treating a refugee from uganda because that country should be taking care of her sigh
i m with you here i see it day in day out like everyone else its easy to sit back and watch but together we are strong and its good to be with like minded people
some male frustrated by a toxic relationship ?
just leave her if she is using you for money .
shitskin indian with a mudshark wife wants to invite socialist niggers into our home i have heard this story before ends badly much ugliness
i would go so far as to sat trudeau 's actions are treasonous and while that maybe up for debate the fact that he is motivated to appease china is not .
there are only 3 reasons he would do this ; 
 1 .
he owes or wants   something or has made promises to the chinese 
 2 .
they have some dirt on the liberals 
 3 .
he and his government are extremely naive , arrogant and lack intelligence .
it keeps normies distracted by a media propaganda wall of a far right and neo nazi threat the does not exist and cloaks the rabid islamic and corporate fascism being installed
i was staring out the window at night wondering why everything had gone dark but then it dawned on me .
< user > < user > she will blame it on jews or trump i bet
this is called bribery and corruption .
the chinese do it quite well over there and is how government officials become billionaires .
i 'm sick of hearing about our " housing crisis " when the root cause is so apparent .
it starts at the top with these bribery dinners .
trudeau is a traitor to this country and should be locked up .
oh and just so you know i am chinese .
my grandfather came here in the early 20th century and helped build the railroad .
my wife is mainland chinese who grew up poor .
we are disgusted at the selling off of our country and trudeau 's apparent disregard for his own ethics laws .
people need to say it , the reason our youth can not live in our cities is due to the rampant selling off of canadian citizenship and land to the dirty chinese .
until we acknowledge that canadian citizens will never be able to live in our own cities ,
and once again , there is zero point of civilians owning high magazine assault rifle style weapons .
you want to own a handgun or shotgun or hunting rifle ... all for it .
but there is absolutely no reason at all for any civilian to own anything else .
homophobia is shaking
i do not like the blacks and or asians fuck china
i 'm a queer woman and i relate to this so hard .
yes they are , the whole chinese economy is one huge scam .
but do n't follow me follow me , and i will break your heart .
naah .
pot was mad ahead of pof bro @tegaever
< user > new look ching chong
lynn may young today sentenced to 25 years in prison for child abuse - knowing / reckless causing serious bodily injury . #
2015cr1763
op is literally the reason this comment was made !
if people can get away with people for them being genetically " lesser " what does that mean for literally any minority ? "
gay people are a burden on society 'cause they do n't reproduce " * so let 's kill them ! *
i understand this logic but i do n't think any of you hear how horrible it sounds .
if you know that your kid is going to have problems at birth and you decide to abort that 's on you , but this is literally fucking genocide .
dude , you look delicious .
if i suck you off , will you get me hard in your mouth and fuck your front hole before i come inside your boy hole ?
so in honor of pride month , i wanted to do another one of these because i 'm really curious !
reply or quote with your sexuality and bts bias .
homophobes do not interact . #
pride2019 url
< user > call them faggots and send them pictures of muhammad
this is about the stupidest law suit in a long time .
the author has it correct that you really do not know why a person is elected .
you can surmise , but you just do n't know .
all the gop in the district could have voted for the dems and all the dems could have voted for the gop , you have no idea ..... if you believe we truly have secret ballots .
but there is another point that should end this lawsuit immediately : there is no mention nor any place for political parties in our constitution and our system of government , period .
so what is a partisan other than someone who strongly supports an irrelevant association when it comes to governing and the constitution .
what next gerrymander to make sure the requisite number of blue eyed people are in each district ?
that there is the requisite number of asians in each district ?
gerrymander so that all libertarians are in a district so they get representation ?
all greens ?
guanlin ➸ okay ... he really caught my heart .
he seems so shy and precious and omg i already just want to protect him i have the urge
do you think a < number > year old girl is following weev around on gab i seriously doubt it i bet ion is a guy like richard spencer creepy gay stalker on twitter
# 13reasonswhy bryce is a fucking asshole and represents everything that 's wrong with people / the world
it makes a strong argument anybody guess whether it is a kike or a chink
ouch .... a bit more than a statement i would say .
domination !
this is happening at pleasant hill high school as well with girls softball coach .
he was removed from boys baseball for behavioral issues , and now allowed to continue with varsity softball despite numerous complaints .
school denies bullying behavior .
they are saying it is " not a positive experience . "
fuking garbage radical scum !
posting nonsense again you want jnk merge with pakistan and make it into another terror hub?filthy trash ! !
the only thing i wish for ... 
 is to earn enough money to buy a porsche gt3 rs  
  
 what are ur wishes except waking up as a chad ?
rangermc , when collaboration threatens the safety of our communities , the police and other local law enforcement agencies should n't collaborate with federal immigration enforcement agencies .
let the feds do it themselves .
that 's what the tenth amendment allows .
you believe in the bill of rights and the u.s. constitution -- or do n't you ?
if these states meet the targets , which i hope they do , i foresee trump bragging about how the us as a " whole " reduced emissions , all while not being part of the paris treaty .
lol this nigga actually believes those retarded black israelites
most paki men in britain if their not into bestiality end up married having kids with a relative usually one of their sisters or cousins they do nt work they claim benefits their retarded deformed children cost the nhs a fortune then add on the money they cost us with anti terrorist policing etc
you sound racist .
why are you referencing skin color and hair ?
homeless where do western hobo 's go for food ?
food shelter 

 where do asian hobo 's go for food ?
dog shelters
hmm , perhaps a little self serving legacy protectionism ?
< user > daniel did you dress up as arabs and bomb king david hotel you can distract me with corbyn afterwards it understandable that you want corbyn < user > to support terrorist israel that has created < number > < number > palestinian refugees bombed syrians
sidebar material over at r / changemyview - 1 year old and as relevant as ever
yesterday screenshots of muhammad 's facebook account surfaced on the internet , which at least left no doubt in a disturbing way to the killer 's fidelity to allah . "
in the name of allah the merciful – every soul will die , " he wrote , and under it , " belief in almighty allah . "
non whites negroes mestizos asians are used by jews as proxies against whites that why jews promote non white immigration in white countries so they can use non white proxies against whites to frame and blackmail for political control and eventually murder whites
what this is about is not superior nor inferior .
it is about not penalizing asians who do well on an admissions test .
it is about how stupid it is to infer that whites would be upset if more asians got into harvard ( or any college ) if asians did better on a test .
you took us down a rabbit trail because you tried to make an illogical leap about one race being inferior .
my final question to you is : why did you not include blacks in your " inferior " designation .
why are only whites inferior to asians ?
racism is only a problem now because minorities continue to think they 're oppressed .
as one who would be paying an income tax so you can collect your pfd - at that point the pfd is welfare   - get a job
drunk driving could have easily killed me in the past couple years luckily enough people on mpc called me a nigger so i have stopped doing that mpc status updates
its common to for whites to love ethnics when they do n't know any as all they have seen is the pc image of them on tv .
south korea is a military puppet of the pentagon .
it is a economic vassal of america .
they know it .
u.s. have installed massive military forces in sk .
the most massive in the world outside of japan , a former defeated enemy .
one understand why for japan , but why for sk ?
because u.s. , by its intervention into korean affairs in 1952 , and not able to win the war , is an enemy of the north .
north korea have not drop a single bomb in the u.s. so why the u.s. killed 3 million of them ?
answer : ideology .
in the 20th century , the u.s. have been a conquering empire of ideology .
it want to defeat any country whose ideology it does not like .
this is also the basis for the vietnam war - the u.s. did not like their ideology .
the war killed 3 million vietnamese and cambodians .
add these two up and you have 6 million asians died because america does not like what they think .
in comparison the nazi killed 6 million jews also because they did n't like what they think .
sleeping on joshs side of the bed tonight .. kinda tricks me into thinking he 's next to me bc it smells like him & # 128554 ;
the argument in canada is never do we want to compliment our public health care with private health care services .
the arguments for this are overwhelming and backed up with actual experience everywhere in the world except one .
the usa .
there we have only private care .
and the politics of canada will not allow us to move toward anything appearing to be more like the american system .
myopic and irrational .
and unfortunate .
can someone explain to me how @voxday is a philosopher ?
sorry , trump has brought racism and bigotry to the forefront by railing against muslims , including insulting a gold star family ; his claiming the judge 's bias because he 's a mexican in the trump u fraud case .
he has a pattern of incidents of discriminating against african americans since the 70s on , and his birther claim against obama .
in his campaign , trump   after african americans , immigrants , latinos , asians , women , muslims and even mocked a disabled reporter .
and it 's interesting how the kkk and other white supremacist groups have been emboldened under the trump administration .
i really fucking hate valve
the left is disgusting .
those sick freaks definitely push homosexuality and gay weird stuff on children like lgbtq or whatever the fuck that means .
how is this even legal what they are doing ?
same way how they make all that nasty porn and hollywood always depicting faggots , lesbians and interracial shit .
they are promoting it .
they are filth .
something needs to be done about these people .
back for more homophobia and misogyny
whoever holds more power will ultimately have the upper hand .
it works the same way in non - white societies .
north koreans are racist against non - north koreans .
black africans are racist against other black africans .
japanese are racist against koreans and vice versa .
nothing you said disputes the fact that all people have racist thoughts .
lost all respect for mf pakistan .
☺ ️
unprivating because what is that abusive women gon na do report me for swearing mkay luv go awf
often overshadowed by breast cancer awareness month october is also domestic violence awareness month in a year over < number > million women and men are victims of rape physical violence or stalking by an intimate partner in the us
5 obvious signs your article is clickbait 
 1 ) it promises outrage 

 2 ) it promises a list of things that are either fascinating , outrageous , hilarious , insane , or quirky 

 3 ) click here to read more ... 

 4 ) your page is a well - known adfarm 

 5 ) you include the words , " how to " , or " be afraid "
< user > single religion in the floor of allah is islam search
" preferably asian girlfriend " ?
your parents are racist .
yes there is a kkk in canada you have to be invited to get in .
lmaoooo @buddynolove @s0ulfulbrotha @_savagebody @timxmack @justpaulplease @royal_heat @gymserialkilla6 these are all upstanding gentlemen who respect women and mind they own business .
rtaiwan : screw those chinky rat tourists !
also rtaiwan : brb praying to my chinese deities in a chinese language while i burn paper money a chinese custom .
5mins later rtaiwan : screw those chinarmen i wanna punch them they so loud !
i d rather starve we do n't needs their rambos !
sea sex tourists better !
repeats over and over
it 's always a diseased white mind pushing for their own genocide
yeah , i saw that ad on tv with the asian guy and the white girl and it bothered me .
it 's not just about money though .... im jealous of good looking people , people who are famous or special in some way , peolle who have their dream careers i do n't have any of that and i never will
of course gays do n't have special rights .
read your own link .
you can not discriminate based on color .
white is a color .
sexual orientation : straight is a sexual orientation .
you are making my point for me .
it 's too easy .
the baker must bake the cake for the gay couple .
if he is offended ... to bad .
the black baker must bake the cake for the skinhead .
if he 's offended to bad .
if the skinhead is part of a terrorist organization that might make it different ... but if he 's not ... like i said before ... it 's bake baker bake .
you still have not refuted this basic concept .
the little guy
you are funny .
welsh , scottish , and irish are european .
how much neanderthal ?
most europeans and asians have neanderthal genes .
for that matter , almost all of your genes are african , since that 's where europeans came from .
you probably have more recent african blood because of the hundreds of years of interbreeding .
and there is a good chance you have native american blood as well .
i think you are making this up , but i am certain that your are very , very ignorant .
white girl : : i find that women from other races tend to be very , very ugly or very , very hot .
there 's not much in between .
whereas white women are usually not very hot or very ugly but fall in the middle .
me ( asian girl ): : um .
that 's because your standards of beauty are normalized around white women .
you 're taught to think that way through the barrage of media presenting whiteness as normal and color as exotic or repulsive .
white girl : : no , i think i 'm right .
i 've talked to other people and they all agree with me .
me : : ... a year ago , both of us 19 , in a car with other people .
preachers preach to women to control the men this is the way the devil operates and he is running your church
so a hollywood actor came out as gay to distract from him being a pedophile imaginemyshock png looks like the evil snowpedodinosaur was right about something
can my white kpop stanning friends pls stop fetishising asians it so ugly and y all be making people uncomfy
there was a guy out front with signs about homosexuality telling us all about how we are all going to hell .
been in a bad mood all day you all hoes just fake asf
i want to start a youth clinic in china it will be called " youth - in - asia "
a reminder that catholics should not support or attend lgbtq " pride month " events held in june .
they promote a culture and encourage activities that are contrary to catholic faith and morals .
they are especially harmful for children .
asians commonly   lie about date of birth .
most of them have two date of birth one real and another on paper .
if a person do not feel ashamed of lying is dishonest to the bone .
greedy lawyers and activists solicit for liars are also dishonest .
we need to talk sbout how east asians and jews benefit from white privelege i mean no one ever complained about being pulled over for driving while yellow have they
i 'm too lazy to reread , did he say ' teacher ` ` or '' teacher 's asst . " ?
life can fuck you over in so many ways you do n't even understand , but it only takes a couple tragic things to spark it . #
realshit # facts & # 128175; ✌ &#127998 ;
ching chong new year
yeah that really cool and all but it turns out women niggers spics jews arabs asians and boomers also vote
just proof we need more darker skin girls !
they look so pretty in everything .
i just get frustrated with this thread , seeing that the only correct answer is at the bottom while a bunch of incorrect ones gets upvoted .
sexuality is n't something you change , if you have bi - tendencies you 've always had them but porn might have made you discover them .
sexuality is a spectrum , you can still be mostly straight with a preference for the opposite gender , but have a small in comparison preference for the same gender .
sexuality is n't something anyone should be ashamed , it is n't something you can force change on , and spreading those misconceptions about it is dangerous
" … pesticides heavily regulated by federal and state governments … " 
 been long ago since either taxpayer - funded entity has been citizen - protection driven .
monsanto , who will soon morph into bayer , is entrenched in fda policy , as has been well disclosed .
@bullpup2a @breckbuzz @potus she needs to be thrown out of the country .
send her to somalia where she belongs .
trump is treating these people just like the japanese put into prison camps during ww ii .
pathetic !
attu not adak , no one in adak wants a bunch of criminals there .
in englandstan mass paki gangs raping white children is less offensive than typing nasty words online according to britishstani police they say they have no resources to round up < number > thousand known moslem terrorists but have enough resources to arrest people that say nasty words you work it out
what ’s an asians favorite candy ?
lemonheads
why do japs have squinty eyes ?
atomic bombs are really bright .
idk who needs to hear this but if the cars in the right lane are passing you bitch get over
i am not the one aborting babies here your liberal white women are doing that
more supportive of the lgbtq+ community
" it is " entirely possible " that dangerous people are now entering the country with the order on hold " 

 anything 's possible .
today or tomorrow or next year .
but never miss an opportunity to feed the fear junkies .
ricky vaugh sounds like a dumb filipino gook why the fuck was he on the crypto report
' copyright cortex ' - looks like lots of my favourite things in 1 place , copyright , open content , non - traditional publishing ... # copyrighteb
it 's only a few real bitches i know .
i see , they have chosen to disrespect the flag and the military who have fought to protect it , but this protest is not about the flag or the military .
in my opinion if it is n't about the flag and military , then any semi - intelligent person would have chosen a different venue other then kneeling during the national anthem which is song to honor the flag and military .
gay jew pesters geriatric smug athiest .
who fuken cares ?
man , twitter sucks .
if your business in the flesh is n't a life giving glory to god , what makes you believe you will be a part of honoring him after he ultimately destroys evil ?
naddaway writes : 

 " vile , uncivilized race of bullies " 

 - 

 pure , bald racism .
the chinese are like anyone else .
some are kind altruistic people , others are reprehensible .. 

 generalizing an entire people as " vile , uncivilized " is bigotry and racism of the worst order .
the chinese dictatorship is , indeed , " vile " , " uncivilized " and " bullies " , but describing all chinese people as such is naked racism .
.@eaballesty @tim_geelen millions of feminists ... the majority ... do .
whose opinion matters , their millions of opinions or your one opinion ?
i pray to god my baby don ’ t come out acting like this retarded ass nigga 🙌 🏽 lord cause he really got issues
do s and don ts when stopped by police and carrying a firearm ( video ) by steve straub january 25 , 2014 do 's and do n'ts when stopped by police and carrying a firearm ( video ) - the federalist papers
indian women deserve all the rape and female infanticide they get from muslims in india
to calm my nerves i flame ah backwood up now i m like ching chong 😌 🍃 🌬
all liberals christians conservatives soldiers nationalsocialists feminists gays libertarians trumpters etc want money to be happy and therefore were in reaility national capitalists nc that s the narrative jews do nt want you to hear because it would unite us vs them
i do n't understand why pointing out the obvious seems to trigger people such as yourself .
i suspect it 's easier to engage in hairsplitting about how donnie is not exactly like hitler or mussolini , or what is different about right wing authoritarians that support donnie vs. those that supported fascists of the past , rather than confronting what your party has become , and either working to fix it , or find another party to affiliate with - i think to ignore it is to put our country in peril , and so i wo n't ignore it , and i will not stop speaking plainly about it , no matter how politically incorrect you and others like you seem to find it .
btw , many of the skinheads , breitbarters and 4channers very much want those they consider the enemy ( gays , blacks , jews , hispanic , asian , non - xtians , union members , and " liberals " - meaning , anyone who does not give full throated support to their idiot god , including " cuckservatives " , to be subjected to the worst that the third reich had to offer .
the rape of our children by pakis is a call to arms brexit < date > < time > < number > mps arrested for treason pakistani community expelled from the uk
got ta love how the rg ( and the oregonian ) love to fan the flames .
" resentment of pers already runs deep in oregon because of the system ’s effects on taxes and services .
it could begin to spread to public employees as an increasing proportion suffer the consequences of tight public finances ... " 

 which is exactly what this editorial is intended to do , build resentment .
if you are looking for the primary cause of the issue you need to look no further than the employers who , for years , failed to adequately fund the system .
now they are crying about lack of resources .
if the current public workers want to blame someone they should blame their employers , not the retired workers who fulfilled their part of the contract .
what do you call ?
what do you call three mexicans , one chinese man , and three black guys sitting on a log ?
a sprinkler - because it goes spick , spick , spick , * chink * nigga , nigga , nigga .
statistics do not lie a black man who marries a white women and has kids with that said white women abandons them both over < number > of the time
he will end up getting cuckolded by a horse and his chink waifu
my beautiful blonde hair blue eyed niece annabella just turned 2 yesterday and it 's my duty to educate and teach her white values and her heritage because she is the future of our white race and will someday bring some beautiful white children of her own into this wolrd .
@fritz kobe foaking philippine cowards without balls , only could moaning like your foaking ho mom when being foaked by my juicy c ock , coward .
he was n't charged with contempt .
he was guilty of criminal contempt .
still having a tough time accepting reality eh ?
i know you and facts do n't get along .
march 21 is the white man march against white genocide , march against # whitegenocide - march 21st 2015 and the 15th of every month is white defense day white defense day , the 15th of every month
“ for where two or three are gathered together in my name , there am i in the midst of them ” jesus in matthew 18:20
" allowing concealment of identity in public ... absurd . "
why ?
seriously .
i see cars all the time with windows too dark for me to possibly see who i 'm on the road with .
none of you seem to be barking about this .
i see asians wearing health masks that cover half their faces almost every day .
i 've never seen a province get on its high horse about that .
guys in hoodies with sunglasses .
i could n't pick them out in a line - up if i had to , but apparently , that 's just their right .
ah .
but not this .
racism .
hypocrisy .
full stop .
no argument .
it would be funny .
even more so if one of them discovered that a great grand father had been in the kkk . !
@eggerdc how nice the hillsdale grad at the formerly weakling standard is embracing jihad barbie .
< user > bub happily crawls into her arms hugging into her neck with a coo
fuck dude work that cock 😍 😍 i wanna lick those balls while you slap my face with that cock
of course people will sue the aoao , associa and the directors for not complying with fire codes .
the apartment doors were required to be fire - rated and closed except during ingress and egress .
the fire spread more rapidly and was much larger because of this major screw up !
yes they all know , i have felt this way for year more than i can to think about .
a company is working on making bullets that plant flowers from the shell casings ... this is good news because now inner city schools can finally have gardens
missed here is the inevitable reader reaction .
we end up so convulsed with laughter over a writer who does n't recognise the difference between ( for example ) " lose " and " loose " that any message he may be trying to present gets totally lost .
deliberate use of " naughty words " to just attract attention is a further case in point .
it seems that in today 's journalistic world , the old - type subeditor , who checked relentlessly for style , spelling and grammar errors is no longer present .
abortion should be as available as having the appendix out .
it 's a surgical procedure like any other especially in cases like the one denise mentions about the baby suffocating .
cases like this are sometimes called therapeutic abortions to be distinguished from abortions for socio - economic reasons .
but if that 's meant to separate morally permissible abortions from immoral ones , then it does n't stand .
early abortions ( 98 % of all abortions ) do not involve killing a life that has any sentient experience .
and as denise argues , it 's sometimes immoral to bring a fetus to term because it can then feel pain and distress .
i was always under the impression that you could not have any ammo in the same locked gun case in which a firearm was carried .
i know we are allowed a set amount that can be in our checked baggage .
i can honestly say that i have never watched those lard ass kardashians on tv also i have never been in a starbucks and have not been in a walmart in over twenty years top that
i am going to be racist for this comment -- 
 if they ca n't find or are unwilling to look for a job what magically changes when they get a job ? ?
not .
a. damn .
thing .
as for the people that come over & take our jobs and ruin americans ability to support themselves , when was the last time anyone saw the standing on a street corner , surrounded by trash , holding signs and panhandling for money ?
the street corners are disgusting ! !
people drunk , high , passed out , bloody , arguing , pushing , and expecting a free handout ?
as they leave their trash , cigarette butts and liquor bottles all around them .
you ever seen a sudan refugee ?
asian kids ?
korean ?
dominican ?
who do you see ?
native .
white .
a few black .
i do n't even see polynesian or samoan .
what language do they speak ?
english .
very good english , even when they are slurring and falling over drunk .
i have never heard a single accent .
i was raised in anchorage , been here 41 years .
these people were born as american citizens !
hmmmmmmmmmm .
< user > isn ’ t this guy married to an illegal immigrant with no job
uh , what is the problem ... ?
for every black kid you punish , some asian has to be dragged out of his chair and paddled ?
what ?
what ?
just say what 's wrong .
if she had been open , honest , and a lot less hypocritical there would have been no need for a " tip " , now would there ?
nice try at deflecting and fabricating .
the flintstones make some great pineapple sausages for my village
< user > ching chong oil 🤧
ever forget someone 's second name n it drives u crazy and u ca n't find them even tho ur mutuals i ca n't be havin this
how do you count the indians in your neighborhood ?
put on a six - arm elephant costume and monkey dance down the street yelling : " fre < elong >   < number > s my children !
< repeat > "
< user > how about you get the overwhelming amount of heterosexuality off my gay ass tv first and then we can tackle the significantly fewer pieces of queer rep that you clearly take such issue with obviously to protect your daughter whose sexuality you have no control over anyways
here 's an incredible one hour audio interview with karl kruger on this incredible feat :   https://standuppaddletheworld.com/2017/06/26/1532/
of course the marriage is to get citizenship .
the chinese are currently arriving here by the planeloads pregnant and determined to have their babies here .
we really need to stop allowing such foolishness in the usa .
i do not get it when an alt left called everyone racist when they themselves are being racist towards whites and some asians which makes them a racist so they are being racist to defeat others that they assume to be racist so they just fucked themselves right
this has nothing to do with black people .
if a white guy walked in with dreads for a job interview he 's gon na get looks and most likely not get the job .
if you have gynocomastia(bitch tits ) , it 's over
come on satin pluck these idiot 's from america trump2020
putting the issue of whether he should even have compensation aside ; he is being made a very very rich man with this payment .
$ 10.5 million is way too much and the courts did not say that he needed to be made rich .
he is now one of the richest young men in all of canada and he was a proud jihadi , loyal to his terrorist father well into his 20 's .
we just handed over millions to a person who probably still believes in radical jihad .
where will that money go ? ?
scary .
do you know that he demanded to have a black female guard removed ?
he called her a slave .
he has the values of his father .
< user > < user > < user > i see a white person using racism as a political weapon instead of a tool for learning and understanding only racists play that shit
why are these negros outside trying to sell water when it ’ < number > degrees outside
what does the w in africa stands for ? *
water
" asians are lumped in with non natives where natives are concerned . "
gee , curt sommer , where did you forget your white sheets when you wrote that racist statement .
stereotyping is the key element of all racism .
your prime minister is too busy lashing at russia with unfounded charges with no evidence to care about little british girls being raped and abused by smelly paki filth
roadside eateries ' hygiene : 1.no gloves 2 .
hardly wash hands after handling money , wiping sweat , clearing nose / ears .
peeing etc # nagpur
o i remember nikki her real shit skin name is nimrod i do nt know why she s allowed to use a fucking alias to make her stupid name look white but the fucking cow worshiping dothead makes me fucking sick 😑
wolf - the first to leave voluntarily , i believe .
about 57 % of eligible voters got off their lazy butts to mark a x with a pencil .
of that spendshi got 51 % of the vote , so he has a glorious 29 % support of all voters .
hardly a mandate .
it would be fraud to claim he won a majority of   real support .
my dream is to get an enema from al franken
my dad 's a scitzophrenic , but he 's good people .
tl;dr < allcaps >
fucking pussies .
i wish i could deport them into the afterlife .
our economy is still the biggest in the world .
i am just saying that trump is experienced in negotiation .
obama and clinton were neophytes .
sorry to break it to you .
any lawyers interviewing people on the plan for possible civil suit .
what we need is more ambulance chasers ......................
the instructor was white ,
i 'm not a lawyer and ca n't comment on the legality of the president restricting entry to the us , but as a general principle i think it 's sensible to restrict muslims from entering the us .
islam is inherently a violent religion ( read the quran , please ) .
for years we excluded communists for similar reasons .
the fact that most of these muslims are n’t ‘ white ’ is neither here nor there .
for many decades the us excluded chinese immigrants — not because of violence but because they had demonstrated thatthey tended not to assimilate — and , though i ca n’t speak to statutes , the constitution has never been amended since that time in any way that would invalidate a simila national or ethnic - based restriction .
the protections citizens have against discrimination ( some of which were ‘ read into ’ the constitution by activist courts , and certainly are n’t in the plain meaning of the text ) simply do not apply to foreigners outside the country who desire entry .
a gook rug muncher aussie mp breaks down when faggotry is given the green light like i always say welcome to babylon goyim
how do you blindfold a chinese person ?
dental floss .
what happens to class when your asian teacher gets a brain tumor ?
it gets cancered
in the last 20 years , has any feminist in the western world been victimised ( attempted rape , murder or kidnapping ) for being a feminist or having / spreading feminist ideas ?
uk libtards dear lord please make prince george gay as gay as boy george or maybe even gayer so that same sex marriage will be supported sparkles and glitters amen
sarah kratky deport them together immediately , problem solved
ha well it was obviously a dick move on the guy part but the uk funds antiwhite hate speech and of course mass immigration is a massive nativehobic antiwhite hate crime that unlike this tasteless joke will actually result in violence against jewish people
what 's the difference between china and a guy posting jokes on the internet ?
one gets away with copying .
so here 's the nazi still ranting at " impassioned hold the pain harold " as of a half hour ago :   url " because i do n't care .
i would rather protect the nations that whites created from being flooded by 3rd worlders being corrupted by jews .
words mean nothing to me "
" " " yoga has a sly , clever way of short circuiting the mental patterns that cause anxiety " " baxter bell "
do n't you mean crusted butt ?
gunnison is october is a miserable place filled to bursting with texan " hunters " and other drunks .
in europe , nobody would care .
we are too law - crazy making too many things we like illegal .
this schmuck really has a tool we all envy .
he want to share his happiness through a photo selfie .
no meeting took place .
fahgeddabouddit !
he was just joking around .
i remember a story about sukarno who visited russia .
they knew he loved beautiful women so they procured a statuesque young blonde who fit the national pride of women .
they banged into happiness and his dream of loving such a white beauty kept them awake all night .
the next day the dirty russkies tried to blackmail the president with colorful photos of his sexual escapade .
he laughed and asked for a hundred copies of each photo .
in asian as well as europe it is a man 's right to pork any woman who so desires him .
as long as he returns home to his wife , everything will be fine .
who or what brainwashed us into believing such a wonderful sport is so evil ?
fork the government and its childish laws .
actually trapsoul is still that nigga still still
asian american male : : oh , you 're japanese ?
me : : yes aam : : but you do n't look it , are you sure ?
me : : that 's because i 'm also black , and i 'm quite sure of it .
aam : : well , can you speak japanese ?
me : : i was born and raised in japan for 12 years , so yes .
you 're chinese american , but ca n't speak chinese right ?
aam : : yeah , well at least i look it .
when i was an undergrad , waiting for class to start .
made me frustrated that i 'm forced to prove myself and show my credentials as a transnational mixed individual .
i am fed up with the negative portrayal of " blackness . "
< user > they need ching chong to climax 🤣
< user > oh yes let spend money housing refugees while not taking care of our veterans cool cool cool
fine then stick with a party who lied to get to office , has broken all their key campaign promises , allowed foreign speculators   to run our housing prices through the   atmosphere , punitive energy cost and massive debts that will take generations   to pay off .
yes the blow hart is looking better by the second ,
i guess the centuries of female transgressions do not exist ... for denise , its ... what are you talking about ?
straight white men are the evil ones ....   women are without fault in this .
when progressives operate , its whatever convenient lies will work .
take the muslim student council female who made hateful remarks about white people .
now the progressive professors and students are claiming that when dalhousie intends to hold her accountable that free speech is threatened .
what a laugh ... if a white person had said those same things about blacks , asians , muslims , native indians , glbtq people .... there would be a human rights trial and firing , dismissal , shaming and new stricter rules and laws .
lying hypocrites ... all of the progressives .
hateful and racist themselves .
even though the cowardly murderer is muslim , killed in the name of allah , screamed " alu akbar " and is from an islamic country who kills its religious minorities , is allies of al - qaeda and the taliban , are whose rates of terrorism are more prevalent than in any other central asian state-- nowhere do the words " islam , " " islamic terror , " " jihadi , " " muslim extremism , " or even " alleged terrorist " show up .
nowhere .
that is absolutely on purpose .
once again the leftist nyt is the biggest supporter that isis has-- they cheer every time they write a story about their work .
i 'm not from this era where we pull out our phones for every fucking thing
my teacher always tells us " be specific and explicit " he learnt from life .
his wife karen told himself in bed"eat me " .
r.i.p karen .
# lestweforget rapist @georgetakei wails about wwii internment , not 1 thank you 4 wwi vets today
< user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong criminals had audible talks in < number > wellington circle singapore he paced back and forth looking at my family colonial style bungalow in admiralty road in the late 1 9 7 0 this information from the audible talks a few years ago
spanish people are more sexy than anyone in the world 😍
< user > < user > < user > < user > you must be fool some handful of ullas does not represent kashmir it belongs to < number > lac kashmiri pandits aswell who were butchered and raped and forced to exile from their own lands go home kid you need a better tutor
please explain why immigrants from some of the poorest nations in the world are able to migrate to canada seeking a better life for themselves and their children and integrate into society in a relatively short period of time .
winnipeg is home to 56,400 filipinos , making them the third largest filipino community in canada by total population and yet i can not recall them complaining about integration into mainstream society .
asian men are weak and fragile and i hate you
no disrespect to mr inouye but this is disgusting .
why do we need to name the honolulu airport after an asian senator   ? ?
why do people think politicians are so great ?
i mean really this is insane the airport is falling apart they ca n't   maintain it but yet spending millions of dollars to change the signs make sense .
hawaii home of the ( d)onkey the most idiotic elected officials ever   !
if homosexuality was a choice , we would 've all chosen to be straight a long time ago .
y'all speak from a place of privilege because you do n't know what oppression feels like .
heck , people like me get killed by their governments for being gay .
if someone grabs me and shouts at me , i 'd say it 's a reasonable reaction to believe that they intend to harm me .
i do n't know why you say that this " obviously was n’t the case in the workplace " - people get assaulted and harmed in the workplace pretty commonly .
the fact that the supervisor grabbed the employee is the real issue - i 'm really curious to know what you think " the real issues " are , if not aggressive , threatening behavior .
tangentially : why do you assume that the employee is female ?
people kill me on here bitchin about government blamin all gun owners for one idiot then they blame all christians or all boomers or all seniors for some problem they are dealing with # hypocrites
from the article : " this is thought to be the first time a european government has arrested , tortured and killed homosexuals since the days of nazi germany . "
sadly i do n't think this sentence is very accurate .
if anything it is just more recent and systematic , but homosexuals have faced a lot of persecution over the years in many countries .
read up sometime on the story of alan turing , perhaps one of the individuals who played the biggest role in the allies defeating the nazi 's in wwii .
he was arrested for homosexuality , subject to chemical castration and then committed suicide .
in britain .
in many countries gay men have been murdered with police turning a blind eye .
this happened in australia in the 1980 's and 1990 's and is still happening today in many ( predominantly muslim ) countries .
about a dozen or so countries still have the death penalty on the books for same - sex sexual activity .
chechnya is the most extreme right now , but they are n't alone .
no clown , you are dead wrong .
you are drawing a false distinction between wealthy and non wealthy chinese to suit your racist narrative .
truth is you hate the chinese because of their ethnicity .
there are lots of other ethnic groups in the gva parking their wealth because of the tremendous appeal of the region .
so much so that the spineless politicians caved to public pressure and passed a foreign buyer taxes to curtail their investment activity with mixed results of course because politicians are not foolish enough to kill the golden goose that fuels the bc economy .
but racist pigs like yourself endlessly repeat the same hate filled rants against one specific ethnicity , the chinese .
there is no denying their participation in the market , by the media , politicians or industry participants , yet you continue to single them out and brand them as a threat to the canadian way of life .
you are disgusting and should be banned permanently for spewing endless hatred on a public forum .
< user > < user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong criminals keep having audible chatter in < number > < number > wellington circle singapore ho ching is having suicidal tendencies
fuck the chinese !
they should all be extermimated !
look up " dog boiled alive china " and see if your opinion changes .
we need to send all our nukes over there .
if minorities in this country were truly oppressed you would n’t have so many people desperately pretending to be one .
stop the bs spicer @presssec .
if @housegop would have moved forward with nom of merrick garland this mess would n't be happening . #
obstruct
thoughts & prayers to all of us suffering from the absense of the million non - essential government workers to whom we funnel billions of our dollars .
> both may or may not have involved racism the racial abuse this cunt was shouting might be a clue .
i think trump is a moron , but at the same time , i think this country is going in the wrong direction , with too much immigration that does n't allow us to have the time to assimilate the huge waves of mostly middle eastern and asian people .
taxes that continue to grow along with our deficits , ever more rules and regulations and government oversight bodies and a mentality that says government knows better than you how you should live your life and how to spend your money .
i would never vote for trump but i might just give o'leary a try .
interesting how its only blacks who experience all of this racism that gives whites all of these privileges and as a result keeps them from a level playing field and success but does n't seem to impact asians ( of all sorts ) , indians , middle easterners and to a certain degree hispanics .
blacks as a group are the most racist people i know
damn i was hoping it was the wasserman schultz dnc arwan paki clan
my biological family used to call me faggot , and other words and tell me everyday i was would die if aids .
after i survived that , i vowed that i get to choose whose words affect me .
certainly a white ethnostate would permit no blacks asians hispanics or arabs
guess what bale we do nt want your " diversity " .
all that means to real alaskans is shutting down hunting piece by piece .
not gon na happen .
go away
victimhood alert .
it is n't britain 's or europe 's or usa 's fault 80 % of the world is the pits of hell .
we are one of the most intimidating and athletic people alive with strict training even a ghetto gangbanger can reach spec ops level it true we are hardy folk
i wanna fuck this bimbo 's brains out .
little slut is begging to be man handled
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
what do you blindfold a china man with ?
dental floss
my dad just tried to prank me by saying my chemistry teacher who i have a mutual hatred for needs me to phone her about something urgent ...
welcome to gab a site full of people who are so disgusted by ghetto culture that they use ghetto slang all the time mind the thot police 👮 ‍ ♀ ️
[ classic ] guy asks out 1000 girls and gets rejected by all of them , comments are full of people shitting on op
hot girls win .
game over url
🗣 bitch i 'm hood . .
really really hood i be posted up like i wish a nigga would ‼️
facts i eat ass my niggas tryna call me dirty but why not like especially if she clean plus it 's apart of sex and i 'm not no lil ass boy and they go crazy like 😂 😂 😭 💯 url
i 'm still in my 20 's , but i respect the older generation of gay and lesbian people who actually know the history of pride in toronto .
they have worked for decades with the police and the city to enjoy this good relationship , so i 'm not convinced a crew of 20 year old , mainly straight female students can speak for the state of affairs in our community .
this generation of special snowflake sjw 's seems to think they invented oppression , and that they are the worlds biggest victims .
a gay male ( and yes , white ) in his 60 's has probably seen and experienced more oppression than all of the blm kiddies combined .
so who are they to demand the gay community destroy 30+years of effort in one foul swoop ?
and you ca n't tell them anything either .
i express my opinion , and even though i am asian , i will get a white , straight , liberal feminist calling me racist simply because i disagree with this .
the hypocrisy is astounding .
this year we 're renting a cottage pride weekend and going away instead .
so here 's the nazi still ranting at " impassioned hold the pain harold " as of a half hour ago :   url " because i do n't care .
i would rather protect the nations that whites created from being flooded by 3rd worlders being corrupted by jews .
words mean nothing to me "
the u.s. voting system is not at fault .
the problem is the type of person that can get elected under such a system .
hillery clinton would have been controversial in her own way but for far different reasons .
the election result comes down to a question of competency .
mr. trump is popular enough to get elected but is a poor managerial choice .
not caring that black women are < number > times as likely to abort their unborn baby than white women is not racist not wanting to fund abortion thereby protecting black lives is racist tom trinko sjwlogic
does america face the same fate as london ?
immigrants who refuse to assimilate , to work & add to the fabric of our melting pot need to be removed .
we welcome immigrants who value the privilege , not a right to be here , & love the usa .
no welfare to non - citizens .
deport criminals url
imagine fucking a white girl and she call you a nigger during sex 💀 💀
hoes that eat loudly will be yeeted loudly
towel head ass
( x - post ) /r / daddit feeling pretty unappreciated in this post
i now understand why japanese people are so skinny .
< repeat > last time they had a fat man in japan , it did n't go too well for them .
< repeat >
< user > a born again muslim is that like new socialism
words have different impact depending on power .
how is this a hard concept ?
@j0shoooa and just to clarify , whores can be guys too # notsexist
@considerculture this would make sense if racism no longer existed .
unfortunately , it still does and it still requires our attention if we want to reach equality .
why evolution is true on the top left .
but do n't read charles darwin .
@potterheadfrost wtf is wrong with these ppl omg
it would be fun to watch some of matt lauer ’s old interviews knowing what we know now .
@madbabbles @aavinashchaliha @indianprism @ashoswai @kilafateh @ichbinujjaini @taslimanasreen @amitshah that 's why you should criticize someone if you do n't know anything about them .
she is an atheist .
they literally killed kaffirs back home and they will do the same here too it 's only a matter of giving them residence here and time .
the antichrist whom since last week is known to be netanyahu wants trump putin to let him kill all the christian arabs remaning n syria while all the muslim terrorists are now living in europe next israel will order politicians to send them all usa jobs
wow never had such a busy evening until now bluehand family joining gab in droves here all free speech is welcomed if snowflake soy boy leftie sjws are not content with mute or stop follow then they can fuck off to dhimmi moslem cock sucking twatter
my brother - in - law is an immigrant .
he could n't speak any significant english but got accepted .
you do n't know what you are talking about
< user > white people stole the land so you ’ re an immigrant
perhaps the bishops have a different view of the situation .
from a religious perspective those millions who are without health care are far more likely to enter the kingdom of heaven sooner rather than later .
people with talent something you paki street shitters lack
censorship is violence therefore violence against those who want to censor is warranted and ethical as self defense
ladies if you still using pregnancy as a april fool 's joke you need to get the fuck outta here ! !
thank you for your commitment to free speech as twitter regs tighten more refugees from that cursed hellhole will find a home here
at least there was a brown corn pop .
where were all the white corn pops ?
all the yellow corn pops represented asians , and none represented caucasians .
why were whites excluded ?
can not have too many white people in an ad for a historically and rightfully white country that would not be pc know what is pc minimizing the chain smoking asians that keep the cigarette industry afloat
what did the chinese muslim say to the depressed suicide bomber as he was leaving for his final assignment ?
some ting bomb ? ?
christians i know your fave has n't dropped an album since forever but please get a job and leave ms swift alone .
also if sex was just for reproduction the clitoris would n't exist , it literally has no reproductive purpose .
url
omar somebody did something , yes- who were the 9/11 hijackers ?
the hijackers in the september 11 attacks were 19 men affiliated with al - qaeda .
15 of the 19 were citizens of saudi arabia , two were from the united arab emirates , one was from lebanon , and one was from egypt and many americans died that day
well .
yk the truth hurt .. everybody get played .
everybody f * around .
hate to say it .
but yk i had to do it first .&#129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
taina really herb peace bitches think it ’ cute being crazy and ghetto
< user > do they all look different or just any ol pebble are you easily offended
larry says < date > at < time > a closet raghead is certainly a possibility i would not rule out and where in the philippines is the girlfriend originally from if she from zamboanga or cotabato that would raise a big red flag because that raghead territory
right you are , i would vote for the b & o team , hell i 'd vote for huey , dewey and louie instead of the drama teacher
@annamaywan all men are shit .
how about i fire a lime off ya head you filthy paki bastard
john oliver is a queer
ulaurier : can you cite empirical studies and objective academic analyses to support your contention that canada is in dire need of immigrants ?
there are studies and analyses available to challenge the myths related to the prevalent pro - immigration arguments .
as for your last sentence , i 'm not sure you understand the meaning of smugness .
or perhaps you do n't understand the meaning of irony ?
have i said anything to bash the chinks lately 🤔 seems like a week since i really cussed out a chink or made a mean meme about chinks i ve been so busy bashing those greasy illegal alien spics that those sneaky chinks somehow avoided my attention like little sneaky faggit ninjas 😡 🖕 🇯 🇵
i was staring out the window at night wondering why everything had gone dark but then it dawned on me .
sure , i 'd still love her / him .
but i 'd not be * in love * with her / him , because she 's now a dude , and i 'm straight .
to expect them to stay with you as though nothings changed and suddenly be okay with you doing them up the ass with a strap on or whatever is insane .
actually , i hope more people start doing this " would you still love me if i changed sex " thing , because it would allow a lot of people to see if they 're actually married to an idiot .
are you sure ?
she 's too over - the - top to be serious .
i do n't want to sound smug , but i ca n't believe this author would seriously give a review for fast food .
you guys need to get out of your chain restaurant bubble .
only motherfuckers hate india ,
of course it would be deemed illegal ... it might be the right thing to do or even the moral thing to do but to increase the tax on their own pers retirement? .... conflict of interest or not,,,,just wo n't happen - they simply would n't do it even if there was a legal element to allow it !
< user > this is not funny i am lactating samantha i need you to film it or else ching chong woman will drown in auntie tit milk
argyl 

 i am not trying to play the devil 's advocate here .
i am just impressed with the level of propaganda that westerners fool themselves with .
this probably has to do with the eurocentric education system in the west ( most westerners ca n't name a single ancient chinese or indian scientist , musician , emperor , etc ) .
what do you really know about sectarian conflicts in india ?
does it stem from the assumption that the east is more barbaric and uncivilized ?
hinduism and buddhism have a far better record on religious tolerance than christianity .
if in doubt , ask the jews who lived in india , china , thailand or the west , to see where anti - semitism was rampant ( in the inquisition , every single jew in spain was killed , converted , or expelled ; even the nazis did n't achieve that level of " success " ) .
and the reason is that the asian religions are inclusive .
there is no concept of the indefel , heathen , etc .
everyone 's religion is accepted and tolerated .
a black man and a pakistani man both jump off a tall building at the same time .
who wins ?
society
both republicans and democrats are idiots .
they sit and fight and at end of the day they go out to dinner together and weak minded people like y all fall for the tricks .
here the thing i find fron looking in as an outsider and that trump supporters are usually a whinny bunch who play the why bribg that up here but then they do the same thing like they didbhere turning this into sone political subject .
stolen spam .
i got an idea lets deport them back to asian countries since most people in hawaii are of oriental background .
deport em ai n't i right my fellow racist white people ?
there is no difference , the article is about people who voted for trump , there is no need to make a distinction .
it 's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay .
because i doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if " being white " in the u.s. will be perceived as a problem .
the very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist .
but the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts .
i can not stand the way some of you act out their violence fantasies on this sub .
if i catch any of you in real life , you 'll learn the true meaning of nipple hanging .
at least she does n't push fake news like bill did .
i know the sheep love fake news .
shit unfortunately this is true i would say more so with asian women but also asians tend to live near cosmopolitain fag towns like los angeles new york etc and tend to conform to surroundings
< user > truly the ghetto
new rule in all competitive shows baking dancing or other let paki or nigger token win in order to win public support and hide our true racist feeling for coloureds british broadcasting rules and regulations < number >
journalist here looking to interview a columbia student regarding the nungesser / sulkowicz scandal : columbia cross - post to columbia u 's reddit .
yeah destiny dana and becky all know their exes because you all run in the same damn circle bitch stop i love how she is always behind on her own damn life like we been knew we knew so much we even fucking know that dana dad is a fucking predator
pathetic , it 's time we start erasing people like this from our gene pool .
what does luke skywalker call his fuck partner princess leia
why do blacks and asians hate sprinklers ?
because when they ’re on they sound like someone is saying “ chink chink , nigga nigga , chink chink , nigga nigga ”
perlmutter has been a great congressman .
he 's done a great job representing the interests of the western ' burbs .
if the " good " ones support and cover for the bad ones , they are complicit and as guilty as the bad police officers .
if police , legal and government officials fail to take action when it is absolutely clear that a police officer murdered someone , they are as guilty as the officer who pulled the trigger , raised the baton , fists or anything else in the commission of their crime .
i call the felony police rule and there 'd be a lot less police violence if it was an actual law strictly enforced .
how ` bout drug and gang related ?
ts ca n't play , bench him .
mccoy was a bad hire , the off has zero imagination .
why did n't they put talib on the te all game ?
now if the chinese   could stop killing tigers which are on the endangered list for their silly purposes .
i think you do the best you can to embrace the best of who you are by helping the white cause .
you are funny .
welsh , scottish , and irish are european .
how much neanderthal ?
most europeans and asians have neanderthal genes .
for that matter , almost all of your genes are african , since that 's where europeans came from .
you probably have more recent african blood because of the hundreds of years of interbreeding .
and there is a good chance you have native american blood as well .
i think you are making this up , but i am certain that your are very , very ignorant .
so a hollywood actor came out as gay to distract from him being a pedophile imaginemyshock png looks like the evil snowpedodinosaur was right about something
" see brietbart for following . "
enough said .
when i first got on here and said i hate trump i was considered a troll but people who yell about hating niggers are not trolls yeah ok
when even thai women give you that annoyed look ... 
 usually thai women like to smile but when they give me that f .. ck off look then i pretty much have to cope with the fact that i am incel everywhere
thanks to trump , everyday people of color are even more at risk for attack , and we are going to need protection too , these trump 's racists are everywhere , doing all sorts of shit to people .
i think george romero started the whole black hero in horror movies genre .
kevin spacey raped me by making me watch all the way through that queer man fantasia american beauty in the hope of seeing mena suvari tits metoo
larissa putting a good word out there on brazilian men who know how to appreciate women . ;)
trudeau is increasing the deficit by cutting taxes , spending on " infrastructure " and " stimulus " .
trump has campaigned on cutting taxes , spending on " infrastructure " and " stimulus " , most experts who predicted trudeau would increase the deficit way beyond $ 10bn and make it structural now expect trump to do the same .
trudeau considers himself too popular to fulfill election promises , whilst trump is a narcissist .
the only difference i see is that trudeau is n't as bigoted , and has a better haircut .
aleppo let the arabs sort it out if they are not bothered why should i be
buying pussy or smoking weed could get you more jail time than being a traitor to your countrymen apparently
@queenscouple damn your pussy has my cock so hard rn .
fuck ass nigga
harvard colorado state american university are the < number > latest colleges to promote anti white agendas and segregation
< user > not anymore gay game anyways
where it not for the hippies great lie of equality , racial pride of any sort would have never come into being .
there is no difference , the article is about people who voted for trump , there is no need to make a distinction .
why do only men have to pay for alimony ?
yes of course equality
you need to come back when you have it all done .
japan 's fastest baker is only a little boy .
but he makes 100000 toast in less than two seconds .
hi someone please find them and have them deported to the bottom of the ocean thank u
sadly , i think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land .
if she feels so strongly , she could always donate her time , money , or both .
surely doing so is not beneath her .
u can b a nigga or a bitch a dyke is da same thang we gone put dat iron on yo pussy ass
@dineshdsouza ya want to buy some nude pictures ?
how bout some lesbian action ?
good shit dinesh .... certainly makes an american proud .
you delusional piece of human waste .
> racist ass chink bitch do n't want the bbc .... smfh .
she probably a trump supporter .
so many conflicting emotions , what a ride
awesome .
this is the time to strike .
we need to support full out war against this pathetic chinese regime .
ho busy hore ka zounung tse tonight makgoa on their balcony motho with the jams a child hoeletsing ho matasa
yes , you are correct , but the commenter wanted to reach back in time for sins of the past respectfully topsy , and i think both parties have quite a bit of baggage if one is going to do that .
i love teddy roosevelt myself , america 's first conservationist and look at what the republican party is today , sharp contrast in my opinion .
but if we bring up the sins of the past , both parties are guilty of many things !
i tell you one thing that i thought i 'd never see evolve today , the party that supports labor advocate for the flood of illegal labor !
coretta scott king and many other well noted civil right leaders spoke out against illegal labor , knowing full well it 's impact on minorities who are often more adversely effected by unemployment .
even though i hold conservative views , i support organized labor .
sometimes it has to be checked in public sector because the abuse that power , and public unions should never have retirements attached to the taxpayers , but be given choice privately .
sometimes i wonder if it is because whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently .
< user > < user > every single time nothing an islamist says can ever be trusted
" different truths " or different lies ?
is n't it about time to stop playing patty cake with violent criminals ? ?
taze is a good thing - for starters ...
how are they gibberish ?
why are you defending the chinese puppet ?
or are you defending the person who weaponized the irs and the fbi ?
< user > < user > no blacks no asians no fems
i 'll block all these dumb ass bitches in the nevada brothels .
legalization sucks ! ! ! ! ! !
garbage dumpster fire mumble rapping shit stain in the underwear of life waste of space faggot crap !
if you know me i am that basic white bitch in october who loves spooky szn halloween hard cider flannels and pumpkin patches this is my happy szn mind ya business
< user > so why i would request you to give your daughter in a kerala muslim house 😅
while i 'll agree they are prison scum , do you also believe at all black , hispanic , and asian gangs should be classified as domestic terrorists ?
if chicago gangland homicides and causing civilian casualties were used as a benchmark , they would be some of the worst domestic terrorists in the country .
* le commie retard woman : sanghi men ugly .
no girl marry sanghi man .
sanghi man boooooo !
meanwhile commies be looking like this 🤣 url
1 .
i am bisexual .
2 .
many of the artists , producers , graphics designers , videographers , ect .
that i support are lgbtq+ , not to mention all my friends .
3 .
good luck booking that stage you speak of .
url
what 's the difference between japan and al - qaeda ?
one uses mitsubishi   < number >   and the other uses boing < number >
if i were president i d tell taiwan south korea and japan to build nukes ballistic missiles then once they had enough nukes to destroy china and north korea i d withdraw all troops and close all military bases there let china norks destroy themselves attacking their fellow asians before us
i planned on getting stuff done today , but ended up sleeping the day away .
fu , ovaries .
efffff youuuuuu .
ha well it was obviously a dick move on the guy part but the uk funds antiwhite hate speech and of course mass immigration is a massive nativehobic antiwhite hate crime that unlike this tasteless joke will actually result in violence against jewish people
what does the world get if japan gets nuked a 3rd time ?
loli sexbots .
mean joke .
< repeat > kinda the us president , the mexican president , and the japanese prime minister are on a plane .
it begins to lose altitude due to all its cargo .
the three men decide to throw things they do n't need .
the japanese prime minister throws off all of the sushi and says , " we have too much of these in our country " .
the mexican president throws all of the churros off the plane and says , " we have too many of these in our country " .
next , the us president picks up the mexican president and chucks him off the plane and says , " we have too many of these in our country " .
you folks can say all you want about transgenderism 
 the fact is trump totally fumbled any opportunity to change obama 's policy
i knew a white guy adopted into a white family who also had a black brother .
i never met his family but he was a really kind , caring person and we were best friends for a while which was nice :)
fact whites are the only race that care about animals niggers eat them chinks torture them and arabs fuck them
< user > lol jesus wasn ’ t a refugee him mary and joseph just went to a different part of the roman empire
yeah london has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies .
if this soy trend continues women are going to need ai penises capable of producing sperm with aryan dna as much as mgtow men are wishing for ai wombs
i too have ancestors .
my father was an oppressed black gay man in trinidad where it was not safe to be gay .
he married my mother who was an indian ( of what sub - tribe we in the family could never discern ) lesbian from jamaica .
they married and moved to cuba to escape prejudice and liven in a worker 's paradise .
i was born physically challenged - no legs - due to a birth defect on my father 's side and have asian features as the result of a recessive gene .
i am transgender .
i tell you all this so you will understand that i too want prince harry to repent and admit that as a white man who speaks good english , he is by definition the enemy of all people with ugly minds named den - hiss , all non - white people whether they are ugly , named dennis , sherry hidustinci ' or even just jamal oblatiwhatsinslurkinginaninanename and have relatives going back 5,000 years who are all female .
gay .
indigenous .
incensed .
so racist against white people so not really racist .
correct sjw denis and pc hini - hindi ?
i am going to be racist for this comment -- 
 if they ca n't find or are unwilling to look for a job what magically changes when they get a job ? ?
not .
a. damn .
thing .
as for the people that come over & take our jobs and ruin americans ability to support themselves , when was the last time anyone saw the standing on a street corner , surrounded by trash , holding signs and panhandling for money ?
the street corners are disgusting ! !
people drunk , high , passed out , bloody , arguing , pushing , and expecting a free handout ?
as they leave their trash , cigarette butts and liquor bottles all around them .
you ever seen a sudan refugee ?
asian kids ?
korean ?
dominican ?
who do you see ?
native .
white .
a few black .
i do n't even see polynesian or samoan .
what language do they speak ?
english .
very good english , even when they are slurring and falling over drunk .
i have never heard a single accent .
i was raised in anchorage , been here 41 years .
these people were born as american citizens !
hmmmmmmmmmm .
do you know what the problem with australia is ?
there 's too many fucking chinese there !
< user > < user > like nigga care
it would be funny .
even more so if one of them discovered that a great grand father had been in the kkk . !
i 'm a dude who 's pretty short .
it 's not too too bad but you know how it is , girls love a guy who 's 6 ' and nothing less
asians are dominating the aiming competitions at the olympics .
they ' ve really demonstrated they can shoot a target with their eyes closed .
we are going to kill jews unequivocally and force them breed with niggers and sand niggers and spics
there is a referendum in india to legalize gang rape .
the forecasts predict that 9/10 will vote yes .
been solid but all these bitches do is fold ew
freeheels .. close your eyes and ignore the murder and marginalization of native americans , slavery and the subsequent racism towards blacks and " mexicans " , and muslims , the internment of japanese , george warcriminal bush invasion of iraq , and you 'll see the streets of america are paved with gold , everything is ok and you can have a coke and a smile ... it 's called the conservative way .
there was no honor in the way he campaigned ... was a tell tale sign .
@queenscouple damn your pussy has my cock so hard rn .
niggas lie on they dead homies everyday .
nothing new
but the one from st. louis is ok with you , never mind that she is an american too ?
kill yourself sjw trash
fornication god says is wrong all the people that think i m mean take it up with god jesus he 'll make a way for you
i tried hooking up with chicks but like i said they do nt put out they re too prudish and christian so i ca nt get any that 's why i let smooth twinks suck me
texans pay him an annual salary of < number > he advocates black violence against whites meet professor tommy curry of texas a m gig em aggies
only those who already had high iqs would have been able to move to winter lands not that the winter made them intelligent really retarded logic from those who spread the theory john is talking about
a candidate ( raitt ) who goes to the expense and trouble of mounting a website focused on her opponent ( stopkevino'leary.com ) , should darn well be seen as " controversial " !
she should also be seen as politically - challenged and terribly frightened .
she appears that way to me .
and that ( twitter ) rant against mr. o'leary on the debate issue ?
mimics the behaviour of the pres .
of the us ( i suspect she hates him , too , ) that her behaviour now has reached the height of irony .
the fact that this behaviour is regarded as " less controversial " ( by one commenter , at least ) says as much about others as it does about candidate raitt .
yeah , i realize that .
and it 's wrong .
but it does n't mean that christianity as a whole is being attacked .
it is n't .
in fact it 's the driving force behind a lot of oppression in the world against gay people , women , etc .
send everyone back that does n't love this country ! ! !
i wanna fuck this bimbo 's brains out .
little slut is begging to be man handled
i love my fellow non - racist , non sexist americans .
which i 'm happy to say is the majority .
yeah , heres a clue for the nigger author of this article .
chinks hate niggers , kikes hate niggers , spicks hate niggers and towelheads hate niggers .
even niggers hate niggers .
black africans hate the gauche lazy american blacks because they have no morals or work ethic .
niggrus americanus is the lowest form of human ( if you can even call them that ) on the planet , we should erase them
# stopwadhwa2015 because he follows a pathetically low amount of female engineers .
but he 's cool with female reporters .
anybody notice anything strange on gab like some muslims or people of color remember we are listed as the alt right site the all white site nothing against spanish italians etc free country just pointing it out gabfam
niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down , just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders , fuck you nigger oboama !
little did i know the next three days would be the absolute worst days of my life how wild is that https://t.co/px1fanbdg5
i 'd love to see how twitter determines gender & amp ; interests when doing targeted ads .
guessing it 's not something like bluekai .
of course if people would stop going to these places then they would never be able to earn enough money to start up foreign cesspits in irish towns .
abraham himself was evil why are they not his seed just because the jews reject something does not make it not theirs look at you you are a white man rejecting traditional european faith does that suddenly make odin not a white god
while " certain classes of people " may enjoy " special class protection , " does " offensive art " enjoy that same " class protection " status ?
does the government have " the right " to force / compel any " artist " to " create " a " work of art " that the " artist " finds " offensive " to create in the first place ?
- 
 the " beauty " of this line of logical reasoning is that any and all " offensive art " that any " artist " thinks is offensive is covered .
vegan music composers can decline to come up with the latest " jingle " for mcd 's .
bakers of any color or religion can decline to decorate a cake with nazi symbols .
graphic arts designers can decline to create a web home page for the kkk .
and painters of any political party can decline to paint a painting of hillary with horns .
- 
 the " beauty " is that the focus becomes " not the person who makes the request , " but the " offensive work of art " being asked to " artistically create . "
- 
 if scotus uses this reasoning , the outcome could be a " win - win " for everyone .
the constitution says nothing about restrictions on government prejudice or preference or support of any religion .
congress " shall make no law .... "   if a muslim official wants to pray to allah , i 'm ok with it .
i might not vote for him next time , but i see no constitutional issue with it .
if the moderate liberal left will not denounce violence created by far left anarchists who have attached their band wagon to the progressive platform they deserve everything they get when violence is all you have left you have lost the argument riotingisdomesticterrorism
i am going to enjoy taking brown immigrants dream of coming to live in white paradise and crushing it
what happens when you roast the quiet asian kid ?
your pet goes missing .
no it wasn t muslim men were always hanging round young girls our mum would say stay away from the pakis
i just think life is hard enough without being gay on top of it .
california needs a leader who puts deportation and anti marxism first until you can do that you are just a chink boomercon
happy birthday to a brother , friend & amp ; our executive producer , femi kuton @femi0404 .
may your joy never cease sir .
lion of badagry ! ! ! & #
128591 ;
i just found out my term is called queer curious so basically no one likes my type but the girls low key live ✨
no matter what nigga or bitch i fw i will never stop thinking , talking , or posting rico 💯 🤷 🏽‍ ♀ ️ !
i really loved tf out of him man i really wanted my family 💔
i do n't ever recall seeing any female chefs in any chinese restaurant kitchens , and surprisingly , i do n't know any chinese female that can cook well , and i usually judge them by the way the make fried eggs .
oh look , a property developer wants to reroute a highway around properties he 's invested in .
i 'm sure he cares only about the community and not his bottom line .
get lost , this project is past due , reviewed and approved , and already started .
did you know that 56 houses had to be purchased by the city and it 's all done except a few , bulldozers are already rolling ...
" what trump offers his followers are not economic remedies — his proposals change daily .
what he offers is an attitude , an aura of crude strength and machismo , a boasting disrespect for the niceties of the democratic culture that he claims , and his followers believe , has produced national weakness and incompetence .
his incoherent and contradictory utterances have one thing in common : they provoke and play on feelings of resentment and disdain , intermingled with bits of fear , hatred and anger .
his public discourse consists of attacking or ridiculing a wide range of “ others ” — muslims , hispanics , women , chinese , mexicans , europeans , arabs , immigrants , refugees — whom he depicts either as threats or as objects of derision .
his program , such as it is , consists chiefly of promises to get tough with foreigners and people of nonwhite complexion .
he will deport them , bar them , get them to knuckle under , make them pay up or make them shut up . "
kathleen parker is 100 % correct .
no asians no jews the university will decline faster than rat up a drainpipe
i am very much looking forward to this production .
far from being inappropriate , i think music and theater and art are by far the the most effective ways , hands down , to deal with these often confoundingly challenging subjects to be broached across the generation gap(s ) , and all i can say is that i sure wish * i * would have had an opportunity for an honest inquiry like this myself when i was their age .
it would have quite possibly saved me a good amount of hardship and frustration in the years to follow … 

 cheers , 

 ~scotty
do n't care much for football these days and sincerely hope that the team called england get a hiding but i will be wearing my new serbia shirt during the tournament .
come on serbia do us proud !
the only thing holding us back are our traitors and the 40billion anti - european people of the earth that flourished on our technology .
boulder is nothing like china .
if you want to engage in serious discussion , then perhaps avoid such silly hyperbole .
an asian woman just gave me a handjob while fingering my ass which is nt what i meant when i asked her to give me a ' hand roll and pork intestines 
 that 's the problem with having the chinese massage place right next to the chinese takeout place
boi i thought we was fenna die like a hoe
i just can not trust nobody that on some my aesthetic is preferred you are aesthetic is considered disgusting but promise i am just tryna help she needa be exiled faux niggers
it is a human crime and   a sin _ though i am not religious__to label your children as victim , because that label will rarely come off 

 shame on the native leaders , shame on trudeau
this excessive overtime is tied to the state and city 's policy for the older workers that overtime counts as part of the salary base for retirement purposes .
hence , many employees within 3 years of retirement , work a lot of overtime to boost their retirement pay .
lol when indian scammers call you ask them if they stepped in shit on their way to the office .
they most likely did .
< user > some people are just retarded like that
there 's no disinformation :   71 % of canadians disagree with trudeau 's decision on kadhr 's compensation .
my love for # shemales shaa ... who else love 'em # shemale ? #
shemaleıstanbul # shemalemalaysia url
why are they calling muzzrats asians disingenuous as hell
the summit itself is a ridiculous waste of time and resources but the lead - up work done by the countries ' officials inevitably fosters dialogue .
better that we should communicate than become hermit kingdoms .
hard to believe this man is a successful criminal lawyer .
" impaired driving charges abound " ?
where is the evidence of this ?
" impaired driving is a middle class and upper - class crime " ?
again , no evidence or statistics provided .
it is agreed that it is illegal to operate a motor vehicle while impaired in any way .
where is the evidence that someone with 0.06 blood alcohol is impaired ?
@realdoodoobrown @starsandstripes 🤣 🤣 🤣 you should try being more creative in trying to hurl insults , somewhat childish and very low iq .
maybe you 're the rascist pos 🤣
oh jooheon breathed near two women ok i do not have time
trump said from his guts ' blames on both sides ' . '
this has been going on for a long time . '
trump does not know how to lie in public , yet .
but he will learn soon enough , just like all other politicians in the u.s. 

 trump got hit like he is the many great enemies of u.s. around the world with his ' truth ' .
american never want the truth .
the truth is racism , white supremacist have been the foundation of america .
and still is to a large degree .
why do you think the u.s. killed more asians after ww2 than it did before ?
or during the war when killing the ' japs ' was official state command .
american white supremacism have aligned themselves with the black slave traders of the british empire in the 19th century .
after the slave trade ended they aligned with themselves , created an uniquely american white racism .
kkk and others .
after ww2 they aligned themselves also with neo - nazi .
the nazi , of course , have exterminated jew , gipsys , slav because they were inferior .
this thing 's been around .
nfl free agency : rams sign c john sullivan , who spent last season as backup with redskins ; 93 career starts ( espn )
dred scott was a wretched opinion that tried , by judicial fiat , to settle slavery once and for all .
instead , it further inflamed the debate .
it basically said once a slave , always a slave .
it introduced the infamous phrase that black people have no rights that white people need respect .
southern states were seceding before abraham lincoln was even sworn in .
the south started the war .
the north finished it .
france , spain , portugal , and brazil did n't allow slavery to die out .
they abolished it .
i think i banged a chinese celebrity she kept screaming " i 'm wei tu yung " .
like i was supposed to know the name .
" @gma liberal thinking ... " " suspect " " no you idiots he stole it . "
killary is such a bitch she should be behind bars
animals have hemoglobin and plasma too op bitch
the chinese are the greatest polluters and they pay squat imo to control it .
why should the western world heed rules that drives up prices while the chinese takes in the jobs away from the western world ?
go google china 's pollution and see the pics for yourselves .
always , the people who follow rules loses while the cheater wins !
what can or will the western world do finding china not living up to pollution standards !
nada , as sgt .
schultz would say , i see nothin i know notin .
the un was created for the politically filthy rich to dine on us taxpayers money , the un has no clout to enforce rules over anyone !
they ca n't force china to chime in on n.korea stopping the nukes and missiles launches .
the un is good for nothin leeches sucking us taxpayers monies .
and that climate change group are being taken in by the chinese / russians , they are the real colluders with us enemies !
they themselves feed off of us taxpayers dollars and takes away us jobs !
yeah destiny dana and becky all know their exes because you all run in the same damn circle bitch stop i love how she is always behind on her own damn life like we been knew we knew so much we even fucking know that dana dad is a fucking predator
you say that , " there is no place in alaska where the wolf population has been eradicated . "
several years ago i was told by a well - known trapper in mat - su that all the wolves got trapped out of the knik and trappers have to go to all the way to glennallen .
i do n't know whether the wolf population in the knik has recovered since .
son the gold and gunpowder is in the top left .
no one here believes in the deific nation state that you use to justify your hatred of melanin enhanced individuals .
and also the jewish people behind the scenes :)
daily wisdom from my favorite chinaman weihan zhang on twit my friends am modest mans humility work hard technology will never marry girls diffrent species prince henry grandmother sad destruction royalty lineage
" it is " entirely possible " that dangerous people are now entering the country with the order on hold " 

 anything 's possible .
today or tomorrow or next year .
but never miss an opportunity to feed the fear junkies .
< user > < user > hi idiot what about ramalingam who kiled by jihadi pigs and by the way he was tamil dalit hindu
< user > it starts off with that infamous footage where trump egomaniacally rudely arrogantly pushes away the prime minister of montenegro and trump is proud of that footage apparently we are letting trump down not sending in men with white coats to take care of him
its 3 am monday morning , i have been awake 60 hours playing runescape , ama
do n't resist the one person who will look past all the faults and just see you and love you because you 're his # godlovesyou # youregoodenough
haisha ?
move to japan you fucking fag .
hurr durr i m an amine .
yeah fuck off you literal veggie
marty e , why would n't it be ?
why must niggers constantly be taken care of american niggers african niggers european niggers asian sand niggers jesus h fucking christ when is enough enough
just realized drudge sucks , not one word of all the collusion against trump that 's being uncovered .
" never forget to hate brown people "
< user > isn ’ t this guy married to an illegal immigrant with no job
so he was never given any tranquilizers by the state health care professionals ? ?
there will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .
what makes you think that another muslim will not win
do you f*ck your mother with that mouth ?
what does the w in africa stands for ? *
water
i am turning down the opportunity to go to a halloween party because i hate degeneracy 
 remember , that christ teaches us ' whoever wants to save his life shall lose it , but whoever loses their life in me shall find it '
asian women hate their race so much they will literally date white supremacists
newark board of education is so ghetto and unprofessional
breast cancer mercy vs trans rights mercy
you are spreading fake propoganda against the indian forces .
this is baloch where coward pakistani forces targeting baloch people .
do n't spread fake videos url
no guys this based chinaman billionaire is going to make america great again
to the chinese trudeau is a useful idiot .
silly post hon .
you apparently do n't care what happens to millions of south koreans not to mention chinese .
nuclear weapons are useless as are conventional weapons .
best to find a new negotiation route to peace .
asian nigga at the beginning a straight bitch boi lookin ass
she is gay
< user > you don ’ t see whoever that is commenting on my shit 😭 😭 i can ’ t even see the retweet or responses tho
what 's the difference ?
all these orientals are the same .
i knew something like this could happen on may 5th american thinker blog : students sent home for wearing american flag on cinco de mayo woooh , the comments section is burnin ' over this five students sent home for wearing american flag t - shirts on cinco de mayo .
i 'm happy because you 're happy .
even though it does n't include me anymore ... &#128533 ; it 's ok .
i 'll be here for you always , hooot ... congratts !
maybe there should be a quota on the number of questions men can ask as well as a programme established to promote questions by women .
i finally understand what admins mean when they say we " incite violence " 
 we exist :)
love how diverse the world of gender can be ! #
femboi # tgurl url
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide !
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
are all the existing buildings at paine field adequate for storm water run off ?
the seth rich story is where its at .
" : : i have to listen to con funk shun | " " love 's train live " " from the live for ya ass album every morning .. "
it 's just really pointless and insulting to people who actually experience racism by implying our society is in need of a reminder that being a white person is okay .
because i doubt one genuine look at history would leave anyone wondering if " being white " in the u.s. will be perceived as a problem .
the very concept of on a personal level being okay with the fact you were born with the skin color you were born with is of course not racist .
but the statement just makes it seem like white people are at risk to become some sort of outcasts .
did you offa to say which dyke it was btw british history offa dyke < happy >
< user > < user > needs there anymore don ’ t retarded there i fixed your ridiculous tweet for you
my roommate : : ugh , that asian girl in our chemistry lab is so annoying .
me : : what does she look like ?
my roommate : : i do n't know , she has an asian face .
me : : there are five asians in our lab .
my roommate : : well whatever !
they all look the same !
# whitepower ... i'll hang you nigger
in my mind it 's not even close to being obselete , i believe it is a symbol of the white race and it 's fight to save itself in this sick and twisted multicult world we live in .
a full version of the lightning and the sun !
my grandfather and all his brothers fought in world war 2 one lost his fingers saving his crew and one got shot in the ear while he was keeping a eye out while his crew where taking turns sleeping and uncle laurie god bless him turned 100 yrs old the other week he tells me to fight for our future
ya , i am sure the state run media is really honest and always tells the truth .
corrupt dictatorships always spout evil vile propaganda .
the chinese people lap it up .
a russian , a cuban , an englishman and a pakistani are on a train .
the russian takes out a bottle of his best vodka , drinks a bit and throws the rest off the train and says , " there 's plenty more of that where i come from . "
everyone is impressed .
the cuban takes out one of the finest havana cigars , takes one puff and throws it off the train and says , " there 's plenty more of those where i come from . "
again everyone is rather impressed .
so the englishman stands up and throws the pakistani off the train .
@yowatshiinaesq statue of a girl of peace 以下の文。"brutal colonial policies " , " into sexual slavery"等の言葉が並ぶ 。
平和の少女像は慰安婦に関する国の歴史を扱っている。第2次大戦中に、日本はアジア全域で残虐な植民地政策を戦争遂行の一環として行っていた 。
co - worker 's facebook status : : not sure how the guy sitting next to me in class can smell so bad and still be alive .
first comment : : is he indian ?
put a bounty on scalps , they 'll start to deport soon enough .
fuck cheating asian dog cunts
nigga at work said i look like a subway surfer
> real men that you did n't want to mess with bockwinkle and race look like the types of old men you 'd see slumped over some shitty bar before noon on a tuesday .
my manager calls me over to the front desk to translate for someone .
i speak cantonese , the customer speaks khmer .
manager : : " well are n't asian languages all similar to each other ? "
< user > many muslim pray for u guys the medic team will do a best solution to give a treatmen
more global warming horse crap .
we all know , because dumb dumb donald told us , this is all something made up by the chinese .
heck !
at this very moment there are chinese submarines herding the fish south . (
what 's more , hillary is running pedsphile rings on the submarines . )
my friend said he wo n't believe bad luck until it hit him i took his advice and punched him in the face
only motherfuckers hate india ,
wrong !
real canadians want the little potato to ' stand down ' and let the big boys take care of the economy and dealing with communist china .
obama and hillary 's shoe shine boy , picked the wrong shiny pony parade to be on , and it is time for the new reality .
no more flooding the country with muslim extremists and communist chinese fifth columnists unless junior wants the northern wall built first !
my god india is such a shit hole
ignoring the historical role women played is to disgrace them men were not and are not in a vacuum they confided in received council from and embraced the women in their lives in that regard not much has changed
it is hard to tell how abusive the father was .
the female writer does not provide context for her father 's actions .
if the writer was truly abused and emotionally neglected , and has come to fear her father , then i 'd have to say that david eddie 's advice is terrible .
an abused person would not be okay confronting her father in the way eddie proposed .
" bury the rag deep in your face for now 's the time for your tears " .
another white man escapes the gavel of justice for killing a black person .
reparations are due .
was it those asians again ?
damn toxic masculinity .
maybe because the world 's most intelligent hockey fans expected only half a game .
so a white businessman is having a business meeting in japan .
they are going to play golf at the business meeting .
the guy flies out there a day early .
he 's got all day in japan so he decides he wants to get himself a geisha .
he goes to a house of ill repute and finds what he 's looking for .
he takes her in back and starts doing his thing .
the girl starts going crazy .
she starts yelling , " machigatta ana !
machigatta ana ! "
he thinks , " this girl is loving this . "
next day in the golf course he hits a hole in one .
he does n't know any japanese so he yells , " machigatta ana ! "
the japanese guys ask him , " what do you mean wrong hole ? "
asians are such bad drivers i ’m starting to think pearl harbour was an accident
i really do not get white australians hatred of immigrants you are all literally immigrants wtf is wrong with you all i mean i get you hate poc but come on
< user > it ’ d be an awful shame if nazis showed up and made things worse 🤔
mike , it is a western tendency to underestimate the differences .
also , there are historical reasons why the orthodox church does n't believe in the filioque , purgatory , the immaculate conception etc . . .
but they 're all the same reason .
those elements were added after separation from the west .
we also overlook the significance of the small things at our peril .
for example , the orthodox church has no official catechism -- not because nobody bothered putting it together but because we do n't believe the truth , which continues to be revealed , can be reduced to a systematic formula .
how about one roman catholic pope 's decision to usurp the conscience of the church by shutting down all discussion of women priests ?
in the orthodox church you can talk about such things freely , as at least two rather well - known metropolitans and several theologians have , without fear of censure .
conscience and freedom of inquiry are incredibly important .
just a couple of examples .
we are one of the most intimidating and athletic people alive with strict training even a ghetto gangbanger can reach spec ops level it true we are hardy folk
do n't you mean crusted butt ?
gunnison is october is a miserable place filled to bursting with texan " hunters " and other drunks .
god damn you fat ass losers are so easy .
you bore me fat ass .
see ya loser .
go fap to some anime
what is it called when an illegal immigrant fights a pedofile ?
alien vs predator .
per table 43 the probability of a black committing any type of crime : murder , rape , robbery , burglary , embezzlement , vehicle theft is much higher than any other ethnic group .
asians are the most law abiding .
no category for hispanics .
american indians commit crimes roughly in proportion to their numbers as a % of the population .
blacks , by far , are much more likely to commit a crime per table 43 .
with only 22 % of the seats , the dutch liberals hardly have a sweeping mandate to govern .
it is a lower percentage than the national socialists received in germany in 1932 in each of two national elections .
this is typical of the results in a system of proportional representation .
the dutch face a period of weeks or months of uncertainty while the liberals try to put together a coalition government .
that 's what happens when you stop viewing humans as actual people and consider them " illegals " that are part of an " infestation . "
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > hey < user > there is a maldivian refugee living in canada who is stoking islamophobia and hatred and living off canadian welfare please look < user > up for tos violations < user > < user > < user > < user > < user >
< user > singapore hdb should be questioned if chinaman satanist lee hsien loong enquired about the purchase in < number > marsiling lane singapore in < number >
its so scary to transition while in a relationship .
i m doing it to but i m with a cisguy and i 'm a trans guy .
the lady doth protest to much .
he who smelt it dealt it .
the concept is age old .
everyone knows that those virulently anti homosexual are usually closet homosexual .
same with the family values politician with a mistress or fondness for small boys .
the evangelist preaching against sin that can tick off all of the 7 deadlies before lunch time .
its so obvious its incredible these folk are too stupid to realise the damage they do to their reputation .
it keeps normies distracted by a media propaganda wall of a far right and neo nazi threat the does not exist and cloaks the rabid islamic and corporate fascism being installed
y all saying niggas disrespectful have you seen how these dykes out here talking to bitches 😂
he does not care if america goes brown and shitskins are anti free speech show me one shitskin country with free speech shaprio is a fast talking jew tool
me , my family and our dog entered a chinese restaurant .
the waiter opened the door for us and whispered " i told you to use the backdoor "
i d bend you over that bath tub and pound your tight little pussy as you beg for daddy to fuck you harder until you cover my rock hard cock in your delicious cum
you wrote all that in one sentence , you got ta be the dumbest american .
these intellectual ladies would love to educate you , your children and your grandchildren .
but your vile , hate filled faith is blinding you from the truth .
so you use a korean surname but are n't asian ?
that 's messed up on so many levels !
and when are you going to be pointing out my " biases ? "
pointing out that cops stop people who match the description when searching for someone ... is biased ?
or are the cops biased ?
should they not be searching based on physical description ?
maybe they should just search by asking people their names .
if they were looking for patrick cho , who do you think they 'd stop and question ?
the irony of your last sentence is astonishing .
it would be funny if you were n't quite so sanctimonious in your opinion of yourself .
girl : : * says something about gangnam style and gets psy 's ethnicity incorrect * me : : psy is korean .
girl : : so what ?
chinese , korean , japanese - they 're all the same !
me : : no , they 're not .
they are three different countries .
girl : : whatever !
i do n't care ; it does n't matter .
said by a white girl in english class to me , a chinese girl .
made me feel frustrated and angry .
< user > truly the ghetto
hi !
i just wanted to share every ethiopian food recipes with you in the comments !
for a fact you morons did n't pick the best gook , chink or faggot among us # governing
" f those ugly idiots " " i ca nt stand useless people like this .
we need to dispose of them " " stop crying " \-ljoseph54
this why i hate these dykes 😂 😂 😂
< user > soo like is she a nazi
thanks for following @ericabbott29 @arktin @learnt @rxrankings
burn him , and his family .
we do n't need such degenerate in our gene pool
you 're a funny guy !
do you do stand - up comedy as a side job ?
maybe tucker carlson is not on fox tonite cuz president trump sent him to korea to beat the fucking shit out of that fat little gook rocket man 🤔
4:20   politically correct is a phrase used to trivialize criticism of an action .
i often refer to the condemnation dave frohnmayer received for using the term " oriental " instead of " asian " in a presentation at the u of o as an example of " political correctness " run amok .
my concerns and criticisms of mr. trump are of a far more serious nature .
i see him as the most unfit candidate for president in the history of our country ..... intellectually unfit , morally unfit and emotionally unfit .
those are hardly concerns over not being " politically correct . "
i have suggested mr. trump , based on his well documented actions and comments , would likely be clinically diagnosed as a sociopath .... a condition far more serious that being " politically incorrect . "
if the worst thing about mr. trump as a candidate for president were his being " politically incorrect " , i would be tremendously relieved .
imo he 's a deeply , deeply flawed man who would be a disaster as president of the united states .
niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down , just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders , fuck you nigger oboama !
you ai n't very traditional if you 're sticking up for sodomites ...
i will slap da shit outta white girl bitch do not tell me you want my nigger cock
fuck this racist puta !
bed mattress harris all of sudden " cares " about fucking " illegals " bitch go back to laying on your back and on your knees you fucking anchor baby shit stain .
you and oshitstain need to be locked up in the same shipping container you floated on and shipped back to fucking india or jamaica or wherever you were bought .
a basic botanical fact :   apples are not oranges .
sad news .
mark was one of canada 's most distinguished researchers as is illustrated by his receipt of both the order of canada and membership in the canadian medical hall of fame .
he was also quite a character and he 'll be missed by canada 's community of virologists .
my condolences to mark 's family and friends .
wow so no more paintings of police as murderous pigs by untalented minorities no more gay porn touted as art i am good with that
what do you call 4 black guys , an asian , and 5 mexicans ?
a sprinkler , because nigga , nigga , nigga , nigga , chink , spick , spick , spick , spick , spick .
i attempted to neck a bird last and she turned out to be a lesbian and pied me so in retaliation those basket ball dykes can fuck off tweet it fair play < user >
abortion is satanic .
< user > < user > no blacks no asians no fems
< user > there ’ really a time and a place for everything this is just ghetto 🤢
i think celebrities are stealing jobs from the youth and then they say they 're multi talented i am tired of that shit & # 128529;&#128529 ;
< number > mosques in the uk preaching hate to its pigs 🐖 and when someone has enough and attacks back the media and police blame tommy robinson and britain first never do they blame moslems for the attacks on the innocent uk citizens being attacked by the paki bastards rant over
cheeky chinaman
happy happy happy pride month from your fav and gayest homo ever .
women are jaw droppingly gorgeous and beautiful and i would n't change that thought for anything in the world ❤ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜 # pridemonth # happypridemonth url
we are nothing but white trash , an stupid prolitairiet , bonded slaves or/ an children in thier laws
transgender is a mental disorder and so is homosexual .
the chinese are not stupid people .
donald trump has been a public figure for 40 years now .
by now , the chinese intelligence and diplomats would have compiled a huge dossier on trump .
there has been countless editorials and articles about donald trump ignorance , anger issues , and unpredictability .
what likely is going to happen is the chinese government will make a few statements and mild complaints .
they know that donald trump has a habit of fighting and getting angry if he feels insulted .
they will regard him as a childish buffoon that has to be handle carefully .
it 's likely trump did n't know that he was n't to talk directly to the taiwanese government .
it is not a civilized nation in which the assault of women and children worse yet by foreign invaders is met by inadequate or even no punishment and the response is not mobs of men armed with torches and rope
actually , it is the " new normal " , at least for the time being .
if you 've got a 1.5 total fertility rate , a generation 's " echo " will only be about 75 % the size of its predecessors barring immigration , which is exactly what happened with boomers to millennials , and seems to be happening with the millennials and their kids , each generation a " bulge " but smaller every time .
the intervening " lows " between the bulges - greatest generation to x to z   - are also shrinking with time .
she calle them niggers , well hope that chink bitch dies in a fucking fire how bout that ?
black were here in usa before asian so tell that asian hoe to go home
both republicans and democrats are idiots .
they sit and fight and at end of the day they go out to dinner together and weak minded people like y all fall for the tricks .
here the thing i find fron looking in as an outsider and that trump supporters are usually a whinny bunch who play the why bribg that up here but then they do the same thing like they didbhere turning this into sone political subject .
stolen spam .
i got an idea lets deport them back to asian countries since most people in hawaii are of oriental background .
deport em ai n't i right my fellow racist white people ?
i m a be a bad bitch for my birthday , nails !
bundles !
heels !
dress !
all dat & # 128527;&#129316 ; just cause
would you call ice to report an illegal alien note the phone number for ice < number > dhs < number > ice
deport all indians back to india and make them pay for the trip .
how do the chinese make hotdogs ?
a dachshund between two aborted fetuses
well faggots can have they 're gay little parades why ca n't straights ?
extremism\ * needs to be removed from this earth .
and with the help of non - reporting by the media they are allowed to do it under cover .
if they are not beside us or behind us they are in the fucking way the question is actually do childless nigger fucking half jew indian thots belong in the alt right
lol at these low iq , antiwhite bigots whining because whites will not be replaced in our own nation !
just to offend more asian and apparently some american sensibilities with historical and scientific fact : 
 " dna analysis confirms japanese are of korean descent " 
 https://www.koreabang.com/2012/stories/dna-analysis-confirms-japanese-are-of-korean-descent.html 

 at all times for america and especially our president we / he should always be about what is best for america and you know what ?
the north and south koreans know this , the chinese know this , the japanese know this , and all the other asian nations know this .
unfortunately for us , it seems to me that many americans do n't know this .
but what the heck , it is really only about winning an election and being able to claim " my buffoon " is potus .
of course nobody thinks " their buffoon " is really a buffoon , just the other guy / gal is really the buffoon .
since china is far more powerful and important to us than s. korea and if we score points with china at s. korea 's expense , do you think we gain more by " offending " china or s. korea ?
if trump is attacked and it turns out to be domestic , hundreds of thousands of snowflakes will die .
this is not a good use of man power .
it is very easy to pick out the left in the crowd .
i strongly suggest keeping to your property damage protests .
was feeling good just awhile ago until it hit me outta nowhere absolutely feel like shit now going to rest up some hopefully tomorrow i can feel much better so i can welcome some of our new members
banning weev for making an observation is not supporting first amendment rights even if it were a call to violence as you said which it obviously was not in that context it was protected under 1 a we have linked you ppl brandenburg v ohio < number > million times
damn you internet .. bloody jio .. prime user ki kio respect hi nai hai .. & # 128545 ;
it 's about time start mass deportation now before it 's too late .
it was really horrible .
there were , like , five indians , and they all sat around talking about , like , brown shit , and it was the most shitty thing ever .
i was hoping that there would be someone i could talk to , but they were all indian .
i mean the tooly kind of shitty indian , not like you .
you 're okay .
bug , we did .
you lost .
the rabble rousing pleiadian dragon / lion ... some women are n't looking for anything logical , like money .
they ca n't be bought , bullied , reasoned , or negotiated with .
some women just want to watch the world burn .
< user > thank you finally a white person stating facts
perhaps the bishops have a different view of the situation .
from a religious perspective those millions who are without health care are far more likely to enter the kingdom of heaven sooner rather than later .
if you know me i am that basic white bitch in october who loves spooky szn halloween hard cider flannels and pumpkin patches this is my happy szn mind ya business
what is nauseating ?
that a bishop acts like christ would ?
jesus reached out to those whom the ' prim - and - proper ' righteous jewish hierarchy [ and their sycophants , the scribes and pharisees ] condemned .
we have the same situation in our church today .
we 've had popes , curia members , cardinals , arch / bishops , clergy and laity --- condemn without listening to the lgbt catholics and community at large .
it is the task of the catholic hierarchy to " build a bridge " to this community and meet it half - way .
they failed to do so .
fr .
martin does it , both in his book building a bridge and in his presentations --- and he is not only condemned , but vilified --- by so - called catholics .
some with paltry followers spending 24/7 attacking # ukip really expect me to respond ?
a genuine question i might , but why feed trolls ?
it 's more peanut shaped ...... like well , peanuts ... emphasis on nuts
boyfriend : : hey , did you hear about those riots in egypt ?
friend : : psh , i do n't care about those sandn*****s anyway .
me and boyfriend : : ( silence ) friend : : what ?
too soon ?
boyfriend : : dude ... she 's arabic .
friend : : oh , where from ?
me : : ... syria .
friend : : oh , syria is n't that bad .
made me feel unsafe .
clearly your a chinese hack troll , go away little one , we see thru the bs , , international waters start at 250 miles of the coast and it was much much farther
my entire inbox is filled with replies saying " this is why you 're incel . "
@dr_hawzhinazeez i hope that trump will change the world in one way : the usa will soon have less power outside its borders .
i hope that all people find peace in me and build democratic countries where people have the power of voting and freedom of religion .
welcome to gab a site full of people who are so disgusted by ghetto culture that they use ghetto slang all the time mind the thot police 👮 ‍ ♀ ️
tpp had its problems , that 's for sure .
but one big goal of tpp was to limit china 's influences over weaker asean countries .
we 've now ceded asia to china 's influence , as they 're now gearing up to introduce their trade agreement that puts us at a disadvantage .
that clinking sound you keep hearing , that 's the champagne glasses in beijing celebrating yet another misstep by trump and co.
not long ago giving children dreadful made up trashy misspelled firstnames was strictly a black thing e g antwoine shaquonda monikwa ta queesha daetrell ad nauseam now stupid white women are into it too i am seeing white kids given comical names like alecksus kaylleigh kaitlun
this just makes it infinitely worse with more taxes on top of the gouging , and of course , we are paying tax on tax with the hst on all of this .
@sarahnfrancois not just the western world but the whole world .
and it was inclusive to all poc where all minority groups started having pride in who they are .
hey lex smith very simple and i know you watching .. just put a press release and sworn statement that i kirk caldwell will never exercise my stock options ! ! !
then it 's all done no conflict but if he gets paid off at a later date it 's still a pay off ! !
lex when will you be releasing that statement .
kirk will never exercise his stock options .
back on point , healthcare costs are out of control here due to the highly regulated and unbalanced market .
in my opinion we need to free healthcare insurance to the free market unless you exceed " catastrophic " expense minimums ( $ 250,000 ) with benefits provided by a federal policy .
in other words the free market insurers maximum liability will be $ 250,000 - the rest picked up by medicaid .
he 's hot for an asian .
ptss is real and is the only reason west africans who it was forced upon think they are linked to an ancient iraqi culture this is a serious psychological problem that must be addressed .
so ?
@vulpixed @zoe_trashgoblin @traineryeliow i m a lesbian and i can be attracted to men sometimes .
demanding that we adhere to labels and their bounds rigidly is literally the opposite of queer liberation .
the labels serve our expression .
we do not conform our expression to the prescription of the labels
i 'm glad you 're with her , michael .
unlike so many catholics who are more worried about yet - to - be born fetuses than the fate of seven billion people who are already born , i 'm glad you 're able to see reason with a clear eye .
but this sentence bothers me : " i am not confident clinton ’s appointments to the bench will be as solicitous of our religious institutions as i would want . "
ever heard of the separation of church and state ?
it is not the place of any president to be " solicitous " of any religious institution , as the catholic president john f. kennedy understood , because the president is president of all the people , including non - religious ones .
we live in a pluralistic country , not a christian theocracy , and some of us christians like it that way - it 's better for the country and for all religions .
co - worker 's facebook status : : not sure how the guy sitting next to me in class can smell so bad and still be alive .
first comment : : is he indian ?
that 's great .
lgb(not so much t ) people are fully accepted into the church .
it 's when you start having gay " marriages " and gay " sex " is a problem .
i 'm a bisexual myself .
you just need to not express the gay part .
a black man , hispanic , and indian man walk into a bar .
the bartender says ... get out
a white parisian enjoying the cultural enrichment of france islamic guests
i asked for a dub nigga gave me shrooms wtf 🙃
what do you call ?
what do you call three mexicans , one chinese man , and three black guys sitting on a log ?
a sprinkler - because it goes spick , spick , spick , * chink * nigga , nigga , nigga .
guys aam wejih meshkle b hayete bas nazil a story w bede l crush yshufa he doesn ’ t bas all of my other stories bishufon tb leh
bowl hair cut is hate numbers are hate ok sign is hate anti anti fa symbol hate antisemitism is about to mean jail time holocaust denial will soon mean jail time i did nt know i was living in bolshevik russia
he is likely going to now enter the lobbying business .
why anyone would hire his royal obnoxiousness to represent them ......... oh alaska outdoor council ...... match made in heaven .
i wanna continue to support radeon graphics , but for now i 'll be getting a gtx 1060 .
i 'm still gon na cop that ryzen 1800x when i can .
the left needs to eradicate suppress the white man in europe the left needs to make the white man irrelevant cos the white man is the one who will rise up kill those who are attempting to destroy the west take our countries back the women will not
trudeau is taking a risk by running large deficits when the economy is doing well .
recent growth may or may not have been catalyzed by his stimulus spending , but i suspect that the economy would have largely improved on its own ( real estate boom , exports improving due to lower dollar , businesses investing after several years of sitting on cash , key export markets growing , etc . )
but either way , now that it is growing , trudeau should pivot to reduce the deficit .
instead , he continues to overspend .
and when the next recession hits ( even few quarters near zero growth ) , the deficit could indeed balloon out of control .
to re - elect trudeau during or just after a recession and not believing that taxes will go up would be very naive .
there are not enough 1%'ers to further soak ( before their human and financial capital leaves canada or is idled ) , so middle class and regressive taxes are inevitable .
the lack of transparency to date suggests he wo n't say this during the campaign .
intern muslims in reeducation camp like china until they love gay sex
you forgot their $ 20,000 office supply slush fund which the legislature decided could be used for whatever they want .
senate—$20,000 a year per senator for postage , stationery and other legislative 
 expenses .
house—$16,000 a year per representative for postage , stationery and other 
 legislative expenses .
this is over one million spent on office supply funds .
they do n't have to account for what the money is used for like other government employees .
they do n't even use postage and stationery anymore as everything is email newsletters .
no other state gives their legislators this kind of slush fund 
 
 http://www.ncsl.org/portals/1/documents/legismgt/2016_leg_comp_officeandphone.pdf
saw a documentary a couple of years ago on the part still destroyed by the flood everyone complaining about injustice and racism of someone not rebuilding their ghetto in a non gentrifying way of course which was run down before the flood they expect handouts
rt @radiomaru : nerds are cool because they get really judge - y about other nerds being passionate about things they are n't passionate abo ...
in < number > we have to set up video outside the ghetto polling places so we can count the number of people entering and leaving it literally would not surprise me if almost nobody actually votes in these precincts and it just < number > fraud
but dalton mcguilty said that ontariowe would become a " green energy super power " ?
ontariowe voters need to remember that this is what happens when you come down from the mcwynnety regime 's green koolaid in 2018 ...
we should drop 10 's of thousands of miniature short wave radios , or shortwave video tablets ( wind up ) on little parachutes from spy planes   and let them drift from high altitude into north korea , so their people can communicate with the outside world and understand massively that their leaders are disgusting pigs .
their entire regime deserves to be executed for crimes against humanity .
the entire world knows this to be objective truth .
kim jong un is no different than adolf hitler .
he 's just shorter , fatter , and asian .
but no different .
as a black man i m not even sure how i saw this thread because i 'm not sure i follow this subreddit but i 've learnt perspectives of many wo n't change , if you do n't see how you were privileged that s cool and frankly speaking many persons here have reiterated that we do n't necessarily want an apology but awareness and equality .
none the less i feel the difference , it lingered heavy across the world , even in asia its integrated into their cultures .
carry on with your carry on
you openly censor users downvoting freedom push mute selfcensorship a subset of censorship as freedom and are a profitmonger make gab non profit open source transparent bring the community into the dev circle remove mute google analytics and downvote censorship currynigger racetraitor
such an important day !
let 's show the world just how beautiful the lgbtq+ community ( especially the trans community ) is ❤ ️&#128155;&#128154;&#128153;&#128156 ; # tdov
" @erikssonmalin85 : why is a man afraid to commit to woman he really loves ? #
questionsformen "   sexist biased divorce laws will ruin his life .
the state of oregon would be a lot better off using the money this appeal will cost to better train the state police , or perhaps to induce edwards to turn in his badge and take early retirement .
when i first got on here and said i hate trump i was considered a troll but people who yell about hating niggers are not trolls yeah ok
< user > it chinaman hat island over my head 🤠
well written by will .
if nothing else , the trump era has caused both the left and right to re - evaluate their values .
the failure of the major parties created the vacuum that the trump folks now populate .
that does n't make trump the leader of the next epoch , but it does mark the beginning of what will hopefully be a productive self examination of just what our still young nation wants to become .
i have found very little to share with will over the years , but in comparison to the crass and anti - social trump , he seems a welcome panelist in discussions about our politics and culture .
meanwhile back in their ancestral homelands their races are and will always remain the overwhelming majority .
how stupid are western leaders ?
the horse is already out of the barn and the suggestion to " pay off " n. korea to stop and/or slow down their nuclear program and never worked in the past , aside from the fact that they already have a working icbm !
the time for bribery to be a " good actor " is past and as the bible says " spare the rod and spoil the child " has proven true .
the west and supporting asian countries have to realistically stop this rogue state in it 's tracks now !
the next time it will be impossible .
it is now time for the west and asian supporters to use the high tech armaments that they have been spending billions to develop and produce to end this idiotic situation ...... or has the money spent on these weapons been a political / economic ploy all these years ?
inaki williams you fucking nigger
racist omar is just like those other liberals who say they hate this country but yet wo nt leave , and go back to where they fled .
if they ban your account on board all you have to do is clear your internets temp files and history folder and you can sign up again .
just a press of a button , no need for a proxy
just had a talk with my dog and he agrees if a moslem or any other assorted brown person comes to a white country and has a bad time he can go back to his land where do we go when we have had enough of them
approval ratings three years out from the election and in the absence of other party leaders and platforms for the 2019 election mean nothing .
trudeau 1.0 also had high approval ratings after his first year in power - and this was against both the conservatives and the ndp with capable leaders and partial platforms - but by the time of the next election in 1972 his approval ratings were down so low that he only won by two seats in a minority parliament and only then because quebecers voted tribally .
so even if the clown prince 's ratings are still high , it does n't mean a thing .
( there is no opposition yet and only political wonks like you and me are paying much attention this early on . )
a reminder that catholics should not support or attend lgbtq " pride month " events held in june .
they promote a culture and encourage activities that are contrary to catholic faith and morals .
they are especially harmful for children .
he is likely going to now enter the lobbying business .
why anyone would hire his royal obnoxiousness to represent them ......... oh alaska outdoor council ...... match made in heaven .
yes .
i support this feminist sme .
url
" sometimes he 's in a state of delusionary narcissistic grandeur and the rest of the time he 's in a state of borderline psychosis . "
tds is hardly a qualification to make a psychiatric diagnosis ...
that 's what you get when you have a leader who adores dictators and camera phones .
we just joined the chinese backed asian infrastructure bank so we are probably paying them to take our technology instead of getting it the way they usually do , by stealing it .
of course we do nt have our own infrastructure bank yet but that s ok because we have had no infrastructure work either .
but we will have legal weed announced by 4 - 20 so there are the priorities .
canada is back and run by a collge level fraternity with a complete idiot at the top .
after all the deaths , what about the others why just focus on the white guy american anywho this is gods way of saying stop climbing here thank u.
a fat broad with a tatoo .
sorry that does not nail it down very good .
we got lots of them .
need to get on the meatpacking plants and the nail salons too those asians do not have the respect to learn english they do not have a problem taking our money and not ringing it into the register either
alt retard is gon na alt retard cultlife
i do not like the blacks and or asians fuck china
what happened where did all the fuckin jokes go ?
funny ... the f-35 has won every procurement it 's gone up against any other ... denmark and norway are just the latest two ...   name me one country ( other than australia who bought them as a stop gap to get them to where they could buy the f-35 ) that has bought the super hornet or anything else when the f-35 was in the competition ?
the cost per aircraft is going down .
it 's down around $ 80 m a copy now and will go down further as economies of scale kick in .
the us , great britain ( and to a small extent canada ) have paid for the r&d cost .
the cost to buy now is simply the cost to build one more .
i do n't feel sorry for you weak pussies that get racially antagonized by white people in public .
y'all deserve every bit of it .
that can sense of pathetic you are and take rightful advantage .
well immigrants are rapists and murderers so that explains at least some portion of it
ummm .... maybe not be a peice of fucking shit and overreact and kill people cause you 're a weak little bitch .
no amount of " bullying " ever constitutes killing people .
fuck you .
some of us have ancestors who came to this country because of the highland clearances .
some of us have ancestors who came to this country as uel 's .
some came because of potato famine .
these people are coming here for the same reasons my ancestors came here .
sometimes remembering where we came from is helpful in determining where we are going to .
the scorning gook of r a c i a l a w a r e n e
i have zero f to give to someone who had it all but still could not get out of the ghetto mentally
cause women are easy to manipulate n think they 'll find love if they do what a nigga says
the article should read that trump enjoys very favorable ratings and the average american feels that they finally have a voice in washington .
now it is time to move ottawa back to canada .
wow she comes right out and says the real people oppressed are the white males in society thanks for posting this
@realdonaldtrump and moved them so they can " bomb the hell out of " syria ?
@aoc @kboivi07 these filthy foreigners all need to be deported !
women will always have tits .
meanwhile rome has fallen .
checkmate .
israel is an interesting and troubling case study case study in foreign relations , politics , the use of propaganda , racial and ethnic divisions , and settler colonialism .
israel has shaped the politics of the region in a way that i believe to be contrary to the interests of the west , including canada .
how a third - rate country of a few million people can expect to dictate to the american superpower is truly a fascinating thing .
that israel can kill americans , canadians and others , and still be supported by segments of their populations intrigue me .
israel is not the only rogue state in the world , but it is far and away the most interesting , insofar as it clams to be a western democracy , when in so many ways , it is anything but .
they were all felonies and arpaio 's is a misdemeanor ..............
" trying to reduce carbon emissions by blocking new pipelines makes as much sense as trying to discourage automobile use by limiting the number of new gas stations . "
that is exactly the issue   -the protesters should be aiming to reduce demand , not supply .
i agree that the government has made the right decision for canada , not that this will make any difference to the vocal bc crowd .
i dislike when ugly niggas hit on me , the fucking audacity
@vicwith2soles the jews lmao .
you stupid .
ha .. it   looks like they forgot to do their market research .
anchorage is full of hairy legged women that are n't going to get caught dead in anything that do n't go with their xtra - tufs ...
yeah , i kind of do see a political agenda here .
.00014 is a statistically insignificant number .
it 's also the rough percentage of americans who are in a household which keeps backyard chickens who exhibited symptoms of salmonella last year .
they ca n't really call for a ban on people owning chickens , but they surely will try to scare people .
" sure one side has spent many years denigrating and fighting against equal treatment under the law for lgbt people , but the other side says this is a bad thing to do !
really , the blame is on both sides here . "
what part of they want to kill us regardless is so difficult to grasp that all i have been saying yet you lot are so erroneously laser focused on the jews that you are likely to let a moslem take you by the hand
forget about them lets start a holocaust and kill asians
< user > i m a < number > year single straiaght white christian man i m enemy < number >
eat my dick   i do n't have a dick
little place i have been to today called winsford nice church no mosque which is good and it < percent > white ☺ there is a satanic church for the jews which really is the only downfall
what a hypocritical statement by one who hates jews and other asians .
if racism hurts america than you are one of those hurting america .
and some not like us also stand with some bros in trenches of their own .
i think anyone who says " diversity is our greatest strength " is misleading the public .
no evidence backs this statement ( different food and music does not count ) terrorism , crime rates , employment stats , fgm , breast ironing , cousin and niece / nephew arranged marriage and grooming gangs prove it is definitely not .
force her to her knees where asian sluts belongs .
tie her up and rip her clothes off i 'd shove my cock in her throat and hatefuck her gook face .
when i feel i 've had enough of her throat i 'll bend her over where i 'll fuck her ass then cum in it
this is just the start little chink
it does not matter if they what they were the product of .
they are also products of free speech .
to deny their right to exist is to deny free speech .
hey black if the system is rigged for whites then why are the asians doing better than everyone else mythdestroyed iqmatters
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i 'll rape your fucking family if you do n't leave you semite bastard .
i will shoot you if you return , because you 're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick .
shalom .
we came in ?
to be chad for a week 
 what would you do if you were all of sudden born chad for one week
funny thing is every black dude i ever fucked in teh ass had a smaller cock than i did !
once racemixing became alluring purely because about < number > of japanese women are not sluts white nationalism became seriously dis alluring i hear < number > of rural russian women are not sluts though so that makes me a russian nationalist woohoo
< user > just like saying it good people on both sides when referring to nazis that a direct promotion of fascism disclosure
the continued raping and pillaging of nature by the greedy and insatiable asian   markets and american suppliers .
to h*ll with managing wild stocks of lobsters , take take take !
it 's all about   ^&%#% * money !
goodnight bitches ( with a lisp )
i 'm an autistic subhuman with a 3 inch cock
if alfie was non white he would already be in italy receiving treatment truth
attacking the retard left is lame any way they block you for saying nices things to them
zog agents attacking islam let islam take down zog
throw some weave on dat bitch just bought a pack of yak
alpha daddy is using this asian fag sub slut like the hole it was born to be !
url
alt retard is gon na alt retard cultlife
to the girl who got mad at my boyfriend because he dates me .
i'm sorry every boy you like ends up liking me and not your ratchet ass&#128514;&#128128 ;
" god 's chosen people is how god defined the israelites " 

 actually , " god 's chosen people " is how the israelites defined themselves .
by indulging in this delusion of grandeur , they were the ones mocking god .
we have to get back to our countries being for our race , the same as every other race 's country is for them .
what 's the difference between asians and americans ?
asians do math , and americans do meth .
listen to the responses of pete buttigieg ... really listen!! ... he 's got the sing - songy voice , the articulate cadence , the precise metronome delivery of words almost musical : slowly ( adagio ) quickly ( accelerando ) surprising ( accent ) , he 's got the picturesque words bringing images to mind , and yet he says absolutely nothing ! !
i truly do n't think this is just my opinion ... i've listened repeatedly to his words in this video ... they are all platitudes packaged in a proper wrapper for non - listener people 's consumption .
@meee682 @kimdotcom @seanhannity yea the country may getting invaded daily by brown people , censorship is rampant , anti - white hatred is everywhere , suicides & shootings are at an all time high thanks to a degenerate & disgusting culture , but ... " wow muh economy best ever " !
fuck , i ca n't imagine being so low iq .
you can not buy an identity , or even work your balls off for nothing for one .
@steven_ratata my boots get me bitches so
why do japs have squinty eyes ?
atomic bombs are really bright .
fucking infidels .
allah will take care of them
what are the chinese going to do ..... stop selling crap to walmart ?
from twitter i will allow a white person to call jr smith a nigger tonight it probably not a great thing i care so much about something jr smith can screw up in a few seconds
had dna white as a snow the way you write i see hominids smarts
+ 흔한1인 china and us used to be allies in world war 2 remember ?
you have no problem sucking us dick when they drop 2 atom bombs killing 250000 people .
writing in david duke 's name is fine because such a vote will still send the message that white america will not be taken for granted .
my mom handed me a book of coupons for buying bras .
i love my family , but i am leaving tomorrow :p
thanksgiving is a great day shitposting to trigger neurotic shitlibs but you know what i will save that for the faggots over on twatter to all my gab fam a happy and blessed holiday take stock of your blessings and be thankful happythanksgiving
when all the technology starts fucking up ... do n't get upset or frightened just know it 's the end of this world as we know it
oh look , a property developer wants to reroute a highway around properties he 's invested in .
i 'm sure he cares only about the community and not his bottom line .
get lost , this project is past due , reviewed and approved , and already started .
did you know that 56 houses had to be purchased by the city and it 's all done except a few , bulldozers are already rolling ...
i hate hoe shit , fuck a hoe anyway tho
all those illegal bangladeshi muslim immigrants tweeting from fake hindu bengali account with the trend go back amit shah your time is up no matter how much your mumtaz begum tries to save you you guys are going to get kicked out start counting your days
fun but tiring .
we are getting too old for this @earlsargent .
two more days .
raw then smackdown .
two more days .
fuck : kikes spicks niggers faggots trannys commies faggot niggers   dirty zionist kikes jews jews jews dune coons your mom anal gaping aids carrying faggots jews again talib kweli donald trump   niggers   jews and jews .
yeah : nobody needs a degree to drive a garbage truck .
of course , thanks to the knowledge of college graduates , in ten years the truck will drive itself .
this is simply more fear mongering .
the proposed changes do not stop doctors , nor others , from incorporating .
they are about ensuring a level tax playing field between those who choose to incorporate and those who do not .
dr. avery says nothing about why the proposed tax changes will make it difficult or impossible for doctors to save for retirement .
they have exactly the same opportunities as the rest of us , rrsp 's and tfsa 's .
they also can create formal pension schemes within their corporations as long as they are treated as employees within their own corporations .
the proposed tax changes are about not spreading ( i.e. sprinkling ) income unfairly ( unreasonably ) across family members unless they do actual work for the corporation , and not making market investments within the tax protected corporate boundaries .
dr. avery should come off his professional pedestal , and be honest .
so our future is smog , corruption , lies , and living in a third world country ?
no thanks , i 'll do without china .
some people like living in first world countries .
i do n't like living like a stupid peasant .
maybe chinese like it , because it 's all they know .
i like my western " decadence " of flush toilets , sanitation , clean air , clean water , and all those other niceties .
where it not for the hippies great lie of equality , racial pride of any sort would have never come into being .
abortions for niggers jews arabs spics gooks should not be a right it should be a law white women should never have an abortion because it takes up valuable resources for people of colour if you are a white women and you have an abortion you should be labeled a racist < user > ‍
says someone who had no problem with ‘ friday ’s childs ’ factless columns ...
i wish someone loved me the way my cat loves me sike bitch is annoying
y all saying niggas disrespectful have you seen how these dykes out here talking to bitches 😂
japanese people are bad pilots they always crash into ships
i hate the days i feel like fucking off .
i ca n't afford those days or those feelings .
these typical muslim essays are meant to continue to soften the liberal progressive and weak underbelly of western civilization .
most canadians do not have a problem with leitche 's " problematic " values test .
the only people who have a problem with a values test are those who do not , and will not , share canadian values .
i would not support ( more tax dollars here ) the government " devoting resources " to promote " equity and inclusion " .
this is more double speak , propaganda to support the acceptance of cultural / religious enclaves .
more softening of canadians to accept the unacceptable .
canadians do not need to pay more taxes to exacerbate the suppression of islam criticism .
we do not need more speech and thought suppression to shut canadians up about what they rightly perceive to be a radical undemocratic , unmodern and supremacist   ideology .
if muslims want love they need to start to integrate into canadian society .
send your kid to violin classes with asian kid and jews and infidels .
i agree .
these chinese exporters need to find another way of getting rich and joining other chinese in breathing our ( usually ) clean air and playing our real estate game .
being a corrupt official has been the road to riches in the past but it may not be what it used to be since the crackdown began in 2012 but i am sure they can think of something .
hello brothers and sisters just wanted to let you know i had ask for a user name change and they approved it .
just cleared out a lot of spam uploads , lots of scammers from india , malaysia and indonesia but strong defenses are being built !
i fucking love tequila , mexican food , santana ( spanish guitar in general ) , cervesa , spanish women are the most beautiful , and i took spanish 1 , 2 , and 3 in h.s. bc it 's the most relevant 2nd language here .
why can illegal immigration concerns not be racially motivated any percentage of the time ?
bust that ugly nigga eye out
how do you call sucking an an asian 's dick ?
flossing
always cool to see what scotus comes up with .
whether i agree or disagree based on policy or politics , those people are smart .
except for the court yahoos , basically , scotus addressed the blanket aspect of trump 's travel ban , that automatically disqualified people from entry based on nationality , and underlying religious discrimination .
it said , " nope .
ca n't do that . "
so , it looked at the practical realities of legitimate immigration .
can not " ban " anyone automatically if familial ties , employment and education interests exist .
those things have always been legitimate bases for immigration entry , wherever someone hails from , or the color of their skin .
a higher level of review for refugees ?
makes sense .
in fact , the " travel ban " was bad and irresponsible because it did n't impose the same limits on purported " refugees " from all nations .
it still should .
if higher standards are going to be imposed , just impose them on all refugees .
even white ones .
good read , ms. ramirez .
and good for some guffaws -- 

 " . . .
things that scare me more that being attacked by a bear while riding my bike : 
 ... 
 • donald trump 
 . . .
• a bag of used kitty litter ripping open inside the house . "
patience required dealing with both of these !
police have always hated pakis up until recently now the police are using pakis to shiw how pc they are but yes police have always hated pakis and white girls seen with them i can assure you no one likes pakis when i was growing up because they are vile people
careful what you wish for , you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like , squeal & cry that ai n't gon na stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he 'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you url
yep : god ( or the flying spaghetti monster ) created tekeshpuk lake for oil production .
ask anyone .
i was planning on stopping by portland again , but i do n't think i 'm going to have the time for that .
too much to do when i get back .
x - post : til the world health organization campaigns against female circumcision while simultaneously campaigning for circumcision in the same countries .
how about the government of this state put some time , money and energy into the citizens of this state .
the homeless , veterans and the fixed income citizens of this country ? ?
they ring their hands and have studies about the homeless , addicted and mentally ill folks on the streets of our state then spend our resources on people who wo n't stand and fight for their own country .
people who   come here and take up precious tax dollars while our homeless vets who fought in the same country they are fleeing , live on the street .
what the hell is wrong with the people in salem ? ?
their kids definitely will , all 6 of them .
america will be mostly latino soon and i m loving it .
here in central cali most of my white friends have latina girlfriends .
half of my mexican buddies have white girls .
we are gon na be one big tex - mex mix in 30 years .
i do n't feel sorry for you weak pussies that get racially antagonized by white people in public .
y'all deserve every bit of it .
that can sense of pathetic you are and take rightful advantage .
i think mulan should be played by a white blonde woman , the role fits perfectly for a white woman , do n't u all think ?
waikiki lost the reputation of safety shortly after the first episode season 1 of hawaii five - o , and first episode season 1 of   magnum p.i ..    of chinese organized crime " tongs " and japanese organized crime " yakuzas " were running rampid at oahu requiring hawaii task force five oahu aka hawaii five - o ( not hawaii five minus zero aka ignorant millennials hawaii five-0 )   to be formed according to the kgmb news interview of hawaii five - o tv series creator leonard freeman .
many called leonard freeman a racist , even the japanese civil liberties union at california , aclu , hawaii labor unions threatened a strike .
leonard freeman during the interviews promised to change this ( only asians as criminals , haoles as law enforcement ) .
leonard freeman had the title scene changed so that the letter o was a rounded off square as to be not mistaken for the number zero , after a hollywood critic wrote a scathing article about hawaii five zero being a big zero ( failure ) .
of course they say that .
they would be hunted if they said that men should get paid as much as women - so they just say they should get paid more
wrong .
it is a government facilitated invasion .
it is occurring all across western civilization .
the terms " immigrants , refugees , asylum seekers " have all been bastardized & weaponized to invade the mesmerized & hypnotized european white nations .
url
me : : i looked really asian when i was little .
my grandma : : yeah , you look more white now .
you look more americ-- caucasian .
my white grandmother to me , her half - asian and half - white granddaughter .
made me feel foreign , unwanted .
> but .. where in the fuck do they deport you to ?
it 's easy , they 'll just stand you up infront of the color chart with shades from * not quite * white enough to full on shithole country citizen .
so how does the " state " raid the pension funds ?
do you think this is like the social security ponzi scheme ?
not even close .
the problem with pera is conflict of interest .
the board is members !
silencing political opponents with vexatious litigation is a trick whyne has learned from the potentates of indonesia .
i suppose taxpayers are compelled to fund this abuse .
loved 7 0 comedy you could say nigga paki and be lazy and chase women with big bristols and john and larry were the brighton element
remember the spot where cantlie stood in kobane to announce that isis had full control ?
it 's now in the hands of the kurds . #
mosul
preying on unstable women .
i bet you have a small alien package .
indians are the most shitty ppl alive on this plannet ..
had a really great time working with apple 's hls adaptive video streaming protocol , very cool technology with great browser support !
late last night in the morning hours i do n't know what it was but i was just in one of my trances or had an episode i swear sometimes i believe i 've multiple personality disorder need to get that checked out
normies , if you truly wish to help me , tell me how to deal with my severe bitterness and envy 
 please do n't use the therapy meme , therapy has never worked for me .
rt @_fashionjunky : taking things day by day bc i 'm really fucking hurting inside & # 128531 ;
the dirty wee paki that lives beside me came to my house there very upset said racists have been putting threatening letters through his door turns out it was a fiver off soap coupons
lol you 're a fucking typical racist incel .
a bunch of ignorant , poor , uneducated backward living fucks cavemen .
so hateful of everything in the world , such a sad life .
you people need help .
rt @undeveioped : me : i 'm getting sick mom : cuz u be on that damn phone https://t.co/bpbmawnrf0
" liz mackean is the second high profile bbc journalist to die in suspicious circumstances after attempting to expose the truth about the pedophile ring operating in the upper reaches of the establishment . "
i saw a quick overview of their " analysis " the other day that pointed out that they include over 2 trillion dollars of mystery gains , completely unsubstantiated by any analysis at all .
mulvaney should be canned for that alone .
midsommar contains raw feminine energy and heeeavy relationship dynamics .
it 's also divisive .
mine the replies here for lots of published reviews / analyses from femme and non - binary perspectives .
url
this is not a new phenomenon .
when will these people learn ... if you sext somebody and you are a natural target anyway ie : teacher ,   it 's gon na come out .
those few bad apple teachers ... "educators " -   grow up , be a role model and leave the phone fun alone .
the kids need you to be a " teacher " , not a " buddy " - whch is a mild way to put it .
trying to navigate the 2016 sexual mores for a young teen ager - being told one thing and seeing another - being sent questionable pics from a person in authority .
creepy and confusing .
god - i 'm glad i 'm not a teen today .....
your = possessive 

 you 're = you are , a contraction
here ya go twitter and @donnawarren 
 let 's speak freely here without getting suspended 🇺 🇸
how do you blindfold a chinese person ?
place a piece of dental floss over his eyes .
it ’ only < number > and we ’ re struggling chile get it together unless y ’ all wanna be bullied by retardi gang
abortion is never going 2 b accepted by the majority of people since women bear the burden of carrying a child the respons falls on her 2 b more responsible if u are not married do not have sex if u can not afford birth control
maga supremacy is wrong whether its globalist jewish supremacy or white supremacy it antichristian and thus born to fail evil always ends up losing to the good side
those people who commit mass shootings are just retards and maniacs who get a pass because they white .
they just like the stupid dude from the human centipede 2 , a copycat dummy with a stupid soul and a burned up brain .
woy 's face was a picture at the end of that uruguay game .
it is too bad that anything coming out of morneau sheepel will be tainted for a long time or at least until we get a new finance minister or better yet a new government .
and some not like us also stand with some bros in trenches of their own .
people on twitter are retarded lol that squad is never getting a result against that bayern team but yes it ’ lampard ’ fault
while i am not black ( i 'm indian ) , i also think this is a great message , especially for young people of all races in general .
one reason is that the media has a tendency of glorifying certain celebrities , athletes , millionaires , etc .
with crazy lifestyles , which people from multiple races and cultures are exposed to .
people aspire to that , thinking money could and should be made easily as well as could and should be spent frivolously .
so thank you , valerie , for this message , which i hope many others besides just people in the black community get to see , and hopefully learn from .
hi someone please find them and have them deported to the bottom of the ocean thank u
< user > < user > people act as if you can not say the same about the states obviously not all americans are pro guns not all americans support their government treatment of immigrants and foreigners but when it comes to israel suddenly the logic changes
superior and beta men alike recognize my power 👊 🏻 they ca n't help themselves but stare and i love every second of it .
my feminine strength is unmatched . #
femdom # findom # musclegoddess # goddess # fhnd # tdoow url
i think the response is very clever . "
keep it . "
now those idiotic chinese look like morons for having stolen a silly drone and the americans can take the high road at whatever level you wish to look at this : sovereignty , free navigation on the high seas , bullying a peaceful research mission by military weinies .
i think this was beyond clever .
the americans will take issue with chinese nonsense when they are ready and in the mood .
the chinese actions look petty and stupid .
if this is an inkling of how trump will rule , i think he will surprise us all and those " pearl clutchers " will be silenced .
preying on unstable women .
i bet you have a small alien package .
i asked for a dub nigga gave me shrooms wtf 🙃
i disagree ... debt is never necessary ... nobody needs to buy a house at any interest rate to live .. i know you will think that i am stupid but renting is good .. there is nothing wrong whatsoever with earning income and spending what you earn without additional money coming in which is often money that must be paid for in the future ... people do not need smart phones , fancy cars , fancy computers , etc . ,
etc . ,
etc . ..
i will be ridiculed for this as i have always been particularly during the crazy ' 80 's but i am still here without the added stress of owing to someone ... life is very difficult in terms of continuous learning , reading etc .
to keep up with current work practices so nobody needs the extra burden   of paying for unnecessary stuff like houses , cars , smart phones .. nothing wrong with renting and there are many places to rent .. i can show you many .. enough with this babble that debt is good so as to help the economy .. the economy does not need people 's debt to continue .
hey , muslim dickhead ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don;t you go and shove allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are many times when it refers to violence .
so go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up .
yey , one less feeble minded prick ion the world .
i already said it on discord and i guess i should say it here : @starsmileyx and i are now officially in a relationship !
❤ ️
he had a song called " hit u from the back " with the iconic lines " there they go !
a big ole pack of pretty bitches ... "
kluna eating superworm ! ! !
kluna tik nva dinner # 2 asmr eating sounds no talk
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
" unfortunately a lot of diseases can spread through homosexuality " 

 which diseases ' spread through ' homosexuality that do not ' spread through ' heterosexuality ?
minorities ?
eat shit cunt .
tell that to the blacks jews muzzeez and la raza who are trying to kill us tell it ti the asians who are proud to be asian
he blinks slowly before sliding to the other end of the bench and going back to his brooding the fuck your problem anyway loaded question i do not have time to answer fine fuck you too
i did not .
the apostles were the twelve , the disciples are usually considered the 72 .
being precise is not pedantry , and suggesting that it is meets the definition of uncivil .
yes , as the gospels make clear many jews interpreted the prophecies to mean a civil resurrection of the state of israel and the removal of the roman boot from their necks .
jesus made clear that what not his mission .
of course i have an idea of what jews thought about jesus .
he is extremely precise in using word coding that spoke directly to individuals who had huge sections of the ot memorized , who were immersed in a reality unlike our western thought where the spiritual and physical were one reality .
this is infuriating , similar to sen. lesil mcguire 's trip to germany during last year 's special session .
it is beyond ridiculous !
hb44 to put some teeth into the legislature 's ethics rules is stalled in the senate until next january .
let us all push to see it passed & demand ethical action by all our legislators .
what we have now is arrogant , adolescent behavior - certainly not action that benefits the citizens of alaska .
why are most asian hookers cheaper ?
because they were made in china .
i love this song because it tell 's you no matter who you are , our what you are , we 're all different !
at the end of the day we are all human , and we are all discriminating each other over the colour of our skin our how we dress !
we should treat each other with respect and the way we would like to be treated !
it 's 2019 can we just respect each other !
their is already so much bad in this world of our 's !
i 'm sure we do n't want any more .
the point of this song is that we should stop judging people and get on with our own business !
if your still reading this i hope you have an amazing day ! ! !
=) )
why does japan have a low obesity rate and a low birth rate ?
they do n’t like fat man and little boy
all jews using a computer are in incurring in appropiation of an invention of the whiteman all jews delete your accounts now
@sweetkat111 @kag4all @sentedcruz yet these assholes support killing babies in the woumb and after they are born .
i do nt want to hear them cry about seperation .
do nt come here illegaly !
yes we will and you stick to trolling old women to artificially inflate your cult leaders book rankings we are going to save western civilization and you are going to do nothing but act like a retard all your life
john cena is a better rapper than eminem ever was !
ship them out ! ! !
all of them .
make america white again .
not a citizen ?
here illegally ?
fu .
blacks and foreigners ruined this country .
oh cramps i hate you so much 😭 😭 😭
do you feel the same way about lynchings ?
bitch bitch bitch .
super bitch
happy birthday to one of my favorites @gabrielleml22 i loooove you and miss you so much ✨ & # 128151 ; hope to see you soon :(
my sex partner asked me if she was the only one i 've been with ........ i said i 'd been with a couple 4 and 5 's .
this is a spin off of a joke i read today :)
the peanut butter was not as important as the time machine used to go back and teach the ancient incans how to make it .
it 's always a diseased white mind pushing for their own genocide
who will waterboard the waterboarders ?
men are the ones get burned .. 

 let 's listen to professor janice faimengo and learn what is really going on in canada , 

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zodqzr2uj4
lil pump deadass used a racial slur towards asians in his lyrics but now he out here all up in bts ass the stench
< user > you are getting raped
shut the fuck up you anti white piece of shit no one wants to hear what you have to say
" sure one side has spent many years denigrating and fighting against equal treatment under the law for lgbt people , but the other side says this is a bad thing to do !
really , the blame is on both sides here . "
i would be very interested and , as i am dating a non - binary , i would be happy .
then tell all the man do not compete in grand slam bitch .
you just play 2 set to win and man 3 sets and price same as man .
so that s equality dumbass ? ?
would be hilarious if the un building was turned into homeless shelter or hell why not a refugee center
i hope the author of this article will take note of this comment : in 2008 canadian banks crashed just like the rest of thw world .
however , since canada main / only industry is immigration , and possibly to protect a select few , the political parties ( cons , libs , ndp , greens , senatte , etc [ stephen harpers ' government was a minority government - so all were in on it ! ] )
bailed out the banks secretly .
the cmch took over the mortgages and together with the cbc / media , realtors association and by the use of computers fixed the housing prices to ' recover ' the bailout money .
long story short people in the know cashed out and canadians , famous for their hubris complext bought the lie ( only a canadian would believe that while the rest of the world failed , canada could have super - intelligent politicians ) .
this situation is not recoverable unless the government admits to this ' fraud ' , which will make the ' hubris - complex ' dissappear ... ( i wish i had more space to write )
this is n't rare .
this is n't even gamergate related .
this happens all .
the .
time .
teeth are like people all want to be white , most are yellow and the black ones do n't work
always wear sunglasses when you are eating lunch in your car cos people will think you are an undercover policeman instead of some loser who is eating lunch on their own in their car .
the war is set they will never stop asians blax la raza arabs jews all have their own countries whites do not
so if a game peaks my interest i will prepare for it .
i will try and make it fun for everyone .
and by that i mean cutting out my swearing !
redditors are fucking scum like " oh look at me completing a normal fucking himan function"and redditor fuckijg nigger retards will give them comment rewards bought with irl money for it what is this fucking website " oh my god she so brave lookk!!!- ! "
shit the fuck up
1 2 h ago ching chong accepted your friend request ❤ ️
yes and yes .
i come from an extremely divisive background- gender , religion , politics , race , sex .
the fight for equality is real and personal .
understanding the veil : a primer in muslim women 's head coverings [ photo gallery ] - international mission board url
deport 'em all , and build the wall .
hi , i am just looking for whitepride men in the western canada area particularly bc just to talk to hangout or whatever .
i am against only those that use racism as a weapon .
for if used as weapon against me i will use right back ,
amen !
you do use toilet paper , do n't you .
that 's a chinese invention so you can deal with your crap .
or perhaps you use your index finger .
uno if i was white i 'd want this skin tone too 😍 ✨ literally glowing .
you guys should have been nicer to him sucks that a few white kids will feel forced into violence like this sad products of our antiwhite society that has no place for them hewasagoodboy
to the girl who got mad at my boyfriend because he dates me .
i'm sorry every boy you like ends up liking me and not your ratchet ass&#128514;&#128128 ;
go to china first .
then we 'll nuke it ... might as well get rid of * all * the trash .
this girl rlly a piece of 💩
was there supposed to be like some weird dramatic shit after jason went missing ?
like he was gon na come back all dramatic like ?
i saw a poster that said , " have you seen my cat ? "
i called the number and told them i have n’t .
i like to help when i can ...
when the government stops spending money for this : 

 7 .
washington will spend $ 2.6 million training chinese prostitutes to drink more responsibly on the job .
http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2009/10/50-examples-of-government-waste 

 and many other stupid and wasteful things , i might consider your concern seriously .
until then , churches do a lot of good with the tax deductible donations they receive , good that otherwise would not get done or would be left to the taxpayer to foot a much larger bill due to the wastefulness of our bureaucracies .
however , i certainly agree that buying raffle tickets in the hope of destroying the prize so no one else can have it is not my idea of a good thing .
it is our business when you are making territorial claims on bulgarian land and claiming a part of bulgarian history as yours .
every half - breed cop in america is trying to rape white women .
< user > idk if i am annoyed or sad for her self esteem honestly 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️
i forget , who ordered that raid that killed osama bin laden ?
< user > < user > nah it ’ just retarded
why do elderly japanese people not smile when getting their photo taken ?
the flash reminds them of hiroshima .
what 's russia 's next move , after abrogating the air coordination agreement with the us ?
severely restrict us air operations over syria ?
if u can go dayz without talking to me ... m obviously not that important to u ever i dunn care now ...
what do you think is the most fundamentally flawed argument that feminists use .
more bs about " cuts " .
the only " cuts " in this budget was to the dream spending plan that hickenlooper envisioned when he heard that there was an extra $ 200 million in tax revenue this year .
this has nothing to do with sexism , but observation !
i saw it yesterday and i was pissed .
when i see it , it is mostly a young white woman - however , this past weekend , i did see a young asian woman do the same .
from what i 've seen , it is the women who are the biggest violators .
i 've seen guys do it also , but 80 % of the time , it is a woman .
i call it as i see it .
@shut the muck up get rekt incel
god i hope he does and is not being talked out of it by his poisonous advisers or his bitch daughter
why is cocaine white ?
because it actually works .
no , no , i 'm looking for a book for a little girl .
what is the benefit of being part of the community ?
i do n't understand why being a recognized part of lgbt+ is so important to people .
it always seems to me like people are more offended than marginalized when someone says asexuals are n't included in lgbt+ .
anyways , how does some internet stranger saying you 're not included in lgbt+ prevent you from participating ?
i reject the notion that this election is a case of choosing the lesser evil .
that 's a variation of the logical error of false equivalence .
the difference between clinton and trump is not a difference only of degree , but of kind .
by reason of his unique combination of arrogance , ignorance , incompetence , bigotry , buffoonery and boorishness , trump is ' sui generis ' , one of a kind .
he ’s a despicable , amoral , dangerous man .
religious liberty is clearly a core value for americans ( and since vatican ii , for the church , too . )
it 's unfortunate that in recent years the republican party and the us bishops ( by way of the ignominious fortnight for freedom ) have co - opted the concept religious liberty to facilitate unjust discrimination in the public square .
so how come it is perverted now ?
i thought this type of exam was something all you gals went through every year from about sixteen years old onward ?
but when you do n't want to do it , suddenly it is perverse ?
i thought women demanded these types of medical services for free all the time .
then , they get them , and are mad ?
just ca n't make a gal happy , no matter what you do for them .
no special privileges for anyone !
women cry about equality , then when they get it , they want special circumstances and exemptions for themselves .
< user > < number > m dollars for immigrants lmao epic american win
@l1ltr4p fucking losers wetbacks # sorrynotsorry
every gook in # losangeles should be deported or killed .
migrants worker alliance for change should be barred from canada .
they want canadian jobs to be replaced by foreigner students .
all the liberals congregating to have canadian jobs replaced by foreigner nationals .
ban them !
we are awake not woke let not butcher the english language we are not peasants or ghetto
what was meant as a workable salvation for all a banner for bold brave men ye make a ghetto for the insipid pleasures of impractical self flagellating piety addicts the pharisees persecuted the church and it grew ye join the church and the world shrugs and ambles away bored churchians
# breaking active shooter reported at columbus , ohio high school .

is shorting twitter a better investment than # bitcoin # projectveritas
there already enough photos of that retarded freak of nature on its twitter page
the mind of pope francis was greatly shaped by argentine political and social forces in the mid 20th century .
pope francis is at heart and mind a peronists , a devotee of juan peron .
we were all ( " conservatives " , " progressives " , " traditionalists " , " secularists " , " liberals " , " reformists " , etc ) that almost none of us would understand this guy .
the warnings came from argentines who know him and understand his background .
they are right .
i do not understand him , except for the explanation that i do not understand in a living sense what " peronism " is .
the greedy chinese are depleting everything on earth and enjoying every minute of it .
rt @iamlucascoly : anger will fuck ya life up .
believe me
@vote4robgill is making a lot of noise against @fordnation but yet pushes the same style of bigoted hate speeches . #
onpoli # niagara # ontario # extreamist # dangerousminds # hatespreadingmachine
i love black people what , ca n't be wholesome here automod ?
and a*****e .....................
how come you do not date her i think it racist you fuck a racist white woman time for you to chink it up troll
it is never too early to learn about health food !
classic racist response from dr. bigot .
globe reports of a cra crackdown on condo market related tax evasion and instead of commending cra for doing it 's job dr. dildo immediately singles out , for the 10,000th time , at an entire ethnic group , the chinese .
dr. dildo should be banned from this website for inciting racist comments .
enough already .
way to go clown .
once again you 've revealed your desperation .
it does n't matter how many innocent asian people you label , you still will never be able to afford a home in vancouver .
look in the mirror for the reason why .
reddit does n't care if they are n't white .
what did the chinese muslim say to the depressed suicide bomber as he was leaving for his final assignment ?
some ting bomb ? ?
two black guys walk into a bar ... they walk up to the bartender , paid their tab and could not have been more courteous
of course if people would stop going to these places then they would never be able to earn enough money to start up foreign cesspits in irish towns .
so brown racism ,   black racism are better ?
ever see another race or ethnicity working on a farm ,   other than hispanic ?
ever manage a farm in white racist oregon ?
where did the fruit tramps ,   the okies and arkies go ?
what became of them ?
ever   have to physically separate the mexicans from the laos people ,    who the mexicans call " chinitos " ,   their slang for any asian .
dare you practice free speech in dearborne ,   michigan ,   and set up a curbside christian soap box ?
you tough enough to keep the muslims from beating you senseless in dearborne ,   you infidel !
washington dc 's city council is passing a regulation to make sure that african americans own most of the weed outlets ,   because right now ,   whites have put   up the money ,   made the investment ,   to sell weed to   americans in washington dc .
and only one outlet is african american owned .
that 's racism by government in our nation 's capitol .
" diversity " is the code word , dog whistle ,    for reverse racism ,   sexism by the left .
fuck u bitch
i 've been doing homework and projects since 1 this afternoon , and i took a half hour break to eat .. so that 's a great start to the week & # 128579 ;
have not see one episode of game of thrones .. yet it 's a show that clearly has everything i 'm into .. hmm .. mebbie i should start & # 129300 ;
who the best lesbian character of all time and why did you choose lexa
mr. trump , after 251 mass killings this year , your racist rhetoric and opposition to common sense gun reforms are unacceptable .
if you are n't willing to call out white nationalism and take strong action to protect american lives , you should resign the presidency immediately .
rangermc , the term " next of kin " is nowhere to be found in the supreme court 's per curiam opinion .
instead , the supreme court said that those with a " close familial relationship " are allowed .
to most people , that includes relatives like grandparents , grandchildren , uncles , and aunts .
in hawaii , " close familial relationship " even includes people who are not related by blood .
silly autistic asians
👍 great thanks for info you know me i think i know everything so there was a chink in my bs now repaired lol < happy > 😎 🤡
china is by far the worst , and their growing population makes them bolder !
america is guilty of many things but we do n't boil animals alive .
we should throw in with them since you love them so much and blow you up too .
oh muslim leaders of today do you think that you will be not asked about not fulfilling your duty of jihad in the day of hashar believe me its your misconception یو این چھوڑ خلافت لا کشمیر کو آزاد کرا
my entire inbox is filled with replies saying " this is why you 're incel . "
so a gook threw out all of my books long story i am putting together an amazon cart with all of my old books and some new ones anyone have any suggestions
traditional marketing methods have been used to enhance digital presence and vice versa .
what say ? #
marketing # digitalmarketing
only in asia can you have a woman blend in perfectly among men
the uk has threatened to return radioactive waste to the eu if an agreement can not be reached can not we keep the radioactive waste and send back all the paki migrants instead
god bless her , and may she get strength to win more medals for india
another starlet with a famous dad .
that 's it !
i 'm finding a way to cheat the system . #
actorslife # hollywood
what do asians and suicidal people have in common ?
they both have slits
you can really tell that gefilte fish was invented by a gay little frog that the peak of juliebait
ace magashule cares about black people where is your evidence ?
< user > it not even about stans you a whole ass white chicken nugget calling asians ugly 🤣
5'7 " with good face or 6'2 " with bad face ?
there 's a reason why the us has n't got rid of the cartels just like it has n't got rid of " isis " because it 's good for business .
meanwhile all you dumbass racists are gladly going to allow the government to stick their hand in your pocket to pay for " the wall " because you believe the hysteria they feed you on shows like this lol   fox news , cnn , jre all the same now .
none of which , obviously , kept him from accepting the job of president .
got ta admit that takes a brass pair .
which does nt speak very highly about the value of brass . . .
i knew i forgot something when i went to the grocery store today ...... it was those damn dinosaur chicken nuggets & # 128528 ;
daily reminder that your life has the only function to make others look and feel better 
 this is why you are still alive .
man charged over alleged dog attack in bolton on sunday .
daniel hennessy , 39 , of curzon road , halliwell will appear in court on tuesday
wait .
is she fucking her bosses husband ?
bc ..... #lhhatl
fucking coward ass mods wo n't even respond , pieces of human waste .
i 'm white , fuck you .
how do the chinese name their kids drop a pan down the stairs and write down the noise it makes
rules for life : never give up never regret your decisions try your best forgive just live life & amp ; be happy & # 128588;&#127997;&#128170;&#127998 ;
hehe it 's so easy to trick you horny fuck boys !
hehe i hope you enjoy the rest of your life stuck in a box !
being forced to suck big sweaty girl dick every single day !
hehe oh who am i kidding ?
i know you will !
url
< user > < user > you got it right there is no excuse for the violence amp destruction her rhetoric is appalling
y'all think cam did that ?
😂 non niggas been stealing our shit for centuries 😂 😂 😂
i always get the two of you mixed up , i 'm not sure why .
not only that , the author states that this town has no muslims .
why would they want a cemetery full of people who have no connection to their town ?
count up 
 - 
 just as in saudi arabia and iran 
 they would not want a christian or jewish or hindu or buddhist cemetery 
 with no connection to their town
fuck each and every one of y' all messy ass hoes , sincerely
most paki men in britain if their not into bestiality end up married having kids with a relative usually one of their sisters or cousins they do nt work they claim benefits their retarded deformed children cost the nhs a fortune then add on the money they cost us with anti terrorist policing etc
( femra)where can i find diana davison 's nudes ?
no , it is not a canard .
it is a fact that a woman who would have an abortion that late in the pregnancy does so almost always for health reasons . (
i qualified this , because there are undoubtedly one or two isolated exceptions that a nit - picker like pandora would jump on . )
just worked out today 
 very intense leg workout feels good man .
a fat broad with a tatoo .
sorry that does not nail it down very good .
we got lots of them .
any lawyers interviewing people on the plan for possible civil suit .
what we need is more ambulance chasers ......................
asians are so bad a driving .
i 'm beginning to think pearl harbor was a complete accident .
now now , democrats are n't quite that bad .
😁
this explanation should suffice for justin and the liberals .
you would not ever really question your new best friend , especially when they pay $ 4 - 5 grand a head to bribe you .
everyone politely turn their heads the drug dealing and information stealing chinese are in bed with justin .
same .
catch these illegal fucks and send them back .
i 'm white and even i can tell this song go hard af
seems to be just a regular ,   normal ,   american , human   being who reached a breaking point .
now   where does that leave   the gun control freaks   who   keep preaching   same solutions over and over ,    expecting to get different results ?
seems i read   of   people being killed in other countries   with bombs ,   acid , knives ,    burning ,   beheading ,    but all seem to find a way .
with attacks against religion ,   i believe we will see more of this ,   since true religions   teach against taking lives ,   or injuring others .
-------am i wrong in thinking this ?
what do non - believers   think will protect them from others ?
laws do not seem to help .
.
sorry sisters and brothers but she lie to you she was not what she said she was fake used me and a other brother the same time so watch her ?
say safe goldeboy 88
yes , indeed you are , and it does n't surprise me in the least that you deny it .
your understanding of fascism 's position on the political spectrum is 100 % wrong , because you 've been swallowing and spreading the lies of rw nutjob propagandists .
" far - right politics is used to describe ideologies such as nazism neo - nazism , fascism , neo - fascism and other ideologies or organizations that feature extreme nationalist , chauvinist , xenophobic , racist , or reactionary views , which can lead to oppression and violence against groups of people based on their supposed inferiority , or their perceived threat to the nation , state or ultraconservative traditional social institutions . "
for one moment i thought it was n't so bad but then i put on my glasses and oh found out it 's worse than i thought lol
< user > the guy should be sacked basically calling brexit voters nazi
what has more guts than a cornered samurai ?
the floor , after seppuku
does n't anybody know that on page 23 article 8 of the " official playing rules of the national football league " it says 

 " personal messages .
throughout the period on game - day that a player is visible to the stadium and television audience ( including in pregame warm - ups , in the bench area , and during postgame interviews in the locker room or on the field ) , players are prohibited from wearing , displaying , or otherwise conveying personal messages either in writing or illustration , unless such message has been approved in advance by the league office . "
goodell just needs to tell the owners and players to read the rulebook .
< user > i hate you so much in the most sub cocksucker suckalicious sort of way of course
muslims rejecting food again they are not refugees wake up sheeple , we have done enough time to send them back url
i just can not understand someone wanting to risk losing their lives or limbs halfway around the world in a conflict that does not concern ireland at all .
very informative piece on the facts of the dapl issue :  

 http://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3a%2f%2fbit.ly%2f2fpdlsv&h=haqebtwrd
you do n't need to make this stuff up .
the law i want on the books is no card playing / gambling with legislators or staff with lobbyist as the easiest way to take money from them is there losing at the poker table !
they can play all the cards they want in the state facility as long as it has bars where they belong and be given the roommate /cell mate named baabaa !
i like my girls how i like my chicken as white meat nuggets .
oh jooheon breathed near two women ok i do not have time
changing the constitution 's meaning is what the amendment process is for .
the scotus is only supposed to interpret the constitution in light of what it says , not based on the political zeitgeist of the decade as so many of them do now .
@vamsi krishna so now a transgender can give birth ?
i am sure china is by now aware they will be told they will not be getting any oil products or gas from canada .
all their hopes and dreams of getting canadian petroleum are now dashed .
just like wynne 's green energy plan was to create new jobs , when all it did was fatten her lieberal fart catchers $ 38,000,000,000 in overpayment she by ontario taxpayers to lieberal insiders .
now we have her bribing the teachers .
why is this relevant when talking about justine ?
look up gerald butts .
canadian assets will be sold off as these so called investment she will never pay off because they ca n't when you let wynne and justine run the show , too many lieberal insiders to pay off to make anything work .
canada and ontarios 's debt will simply hasten the loss of our sovereignty to foreign companies and creditors
why are so many non jews celebrating when so many israeli jews support and back the influx of migrants into europe and north america it some sort of victory for jews but how is it a victory for non jews why would i give a rat ass
< user > < user > the caucasity of white people dressing up as negros for props did you all not see justin trudeau
how many of those minority groups does black lives matter vent against ?
few if any .
how many of those south asians or chinese people are the ones confronting and shooting black people ?
zero .
it 's also highly ignorant to assume that they are newcomers , because many are not .
saying that racism is not necessarily coming from whites adds little to this discussion , because the vast majority of past and current racism against them has come from whites nonetheless .
the minute it rains , snows or whenever the weather is n't sunny , people drive like idiots
" " " the saddest death for humans is not the death of itself , but the death of their loved ones . " " #
botbermamfaat "
< user > why are you smiling like you hate yourself
any black women need some groceries hit me here or in the dms i m a choose two for today ❤ ️
if you make a nigga cum off head you the devil
trump is a narcissistic racist kiddy fiddler , but his base does not care .
they just want non whites to be kicked out of the country , no matter what .
you afraid some mexicans are going to conquer white america fair and square ?
then you 'll be living on a reservation in montana ?
please .
you 're very stupid , but very good at convincing yourself that you 're not .
the somerville mayor called out barstool for being sexist , racist and right wing lunacy .
people brought to light to pres how he was probed by the fbi for extortion and how his family has been tied to sexual relations with underage kids , arson , beating elderly women , meth dealings , stabbings etc .
pres just went off and posted all of it and us asking him to debate him .
melanin is n't the deciding factor either .
despite the excessive dividing up of the human race these days there are really only 3 primary races : 

 mongoloid , caucasoid and negroid .
colloquially , asian , white and black .
after that is it mixes and subcategories of race and , more prominently , cultures .
faber would have been more accurate saying western european culture or european culture instead of white and it would have been less inflammatory .
you can say very little favorable about " white " people or people with white skin these days without being crucified as a racist .
it is idiotic .
all immigrants are trash this is a white country trump 2020
to the downvoter do you deny this take a gander at < user > posts regarding modern christians a k a cuckstians fake christians who put jews on a pedestal and promulgate a suicidal worship of the other many such cases
i assume your spirit animal is some sort of gay rodent
@realdonaldtrump trump bans transgenders and then acts like he 's celebrating them 🙄
this psycho gook is suicidal
hey buddha buddy do me a favour and you know fuck off ?
oh and you know kindly not be a racist and sexist islamophobe fuck head sincerely go fuck yourself you utter piece of shit ps i would greatly appreciate it if you actually used your brain   pps the black templars of the imperium of man say go fuck yourself with a khorne dildo bolter
yes irish people are essentially the blacks of whites and germans are the asians of whites its so obvious ch commenter
twenty men translation shitskin invaders
can not help but feel that mexico perhaps unintentionally or perhaps in an effort to stay in our good standing trade wise let a caravan of illegal immigrants into their own country for the sole purpose of justifying the border wall
what ’s the difference between an asian guy , indian guy , black guy , and white guy at harvard ?
the black guys the sports coach , the white guys the professor , the asian guys a student , and the indian guys the janitor
at the time harper was in power , other countries were working quietly to remove their citizens in guantanamo when it became apparent that it was not useful in continuing the imprisonment and torture , and that the prisoners were being tortured and denied basic human rights .
khadr was left to rot as the last foreign citizen from a western country remaining in guantanamo , primarily because harper was looking to squeeze out political points .
the us supreme court ruled in june 2006 that the prisoners in guantanamo had geneva convention rights to be protected .
it was n't until jan 2009 that the us govt conceded that torture happened at guantanamo ( right before obama took office ) .
harper was in power starting feb 2006 , and he put ideology ahead of citizen rights .
you are absolutely correct .
today 's military .
everybody passes basic and combat arms school .
sergeant yells at you " " " time out "   big group hug for the guy that got yelled at .
standards have been lowered .
members claiming ptsd without even going overseas .
wanting service dogs .
yeah right .
todays military .
looking at that girl i really should n't looking at that girl just like i would n't looking at that girl and then i took it
but it on hbo more violence and sex come on what not to love
all this is just infuriating .
trump is strengthening china by highlighting its substantial and influential impact on the us economy , basically making nk a nuclear power that can not be controlled by direct military aggression , and making asian allies doubt the us ability to defend them .
trump is an idiot .
he 's making all this happen .
in just 8 months .
china , russia , nk all saw the weakness and stupidness of trump .
they 're fully capitalizing on it .
" make america great again " ? ? ? ?
pffffffffffft .
trump has weakened the us in ways that could end up being catastrophic .
# consequences review : slovenia 's first lgbtq film is a sexy study of male rage url url
there are going to be lots of malformed iranian orphans after fordo melts down .
daily wisdom from my favorite chinaman weihan zhang on twit my friends am modest mans humility work hard technology will never marry girls diffrent species prince henry grandmother sad destruction royalty lineage
yes but it wo n't be the middle - aged white guys in middle america .
it will likely be the young white , brown , or asian guy with a robotics college degree who tends to the mechanical arms that do n't talk back , take lunch breaks , call in sick , or need   a month 's vacation time .
trump is just going to accelerate the move to ai and automation with his idiocy .
lol at < user > thinks currynigger monkey cow elephant worshipping streetshitters are taking over the world lol currynigger you re just riding the white mans dick thank u come again
niggas used to home invade just to get finesse by the pawnshop 😂 😂 😂
i will continue to post those criminals who are criminals because they have entered the us illegally and then commit violent crimes against people in this country .
i post all those criminals reported on the 9th circuit ; it is n't my fault that they are of a particular ethnic background ; they are who and what they are .
the illegal entrants of asian backgrounds commit ' scam ' type crimes ; your beloved ethnicity are the vast majority of the " murderers , rapists , drug dealers " ( and fondlers of 9 - year old girls -- this week )   that trump says he is going to re - deport again .
you may want to give ' sanctuary ' to such people ; i believe we have enough home grown - scum to justify getting rid of this doubly - criminal scum .
listen ... hoseok is getting a haircut ... i 'm going to fucking combust
just heard the clinton 's ny home is on fire ....
i have long loved tchaikovsky ballets and mussorgsky operas and now i enjoy russian traditional music as well .
let me guess serafim , you have personal skin in this game ?
according to that piranha mouth dyke i am a level < number > gook 🥴
no offense , but honestly , i do n't think of you as asian .
rt @michaelarenella : shy girls are cute
reasons to not emulate asians < number >
dickhead @realdonaldtrump anyone who needs to say " i am the least racist person . "
multiple times , is racist to infinity and beyond .
you 're trash 's trash you idiotic buffoon .
you 're what they saw in birdbox when they take their blindfolds off .
i really want this !
lemme explain .
i 'm a lesbian and i used to have a crush on a girl who was dating a girl named jessie .
the rainbow makes me think of the pride flag .
it 's all just so perfect to me !
< user > < user > and all the older white women are not like these crazy slutty women with one egg and a green card i guess it would not be a show if it did not show the worst in everyone 🤦 🏻 ‍ ♀ ️ still hooked though
if alfie was non white he would already be in italy receiving treatment truth
just say no to munoz !
those alleged behaviors included making vague threats to patients , reeking of alcohol while at work , walking into her east brunswick office blasting loud music and dancing , and insisting she do a spinal epidural on a patient being treated for knee pain , despite other doctors begging her not to .
both parties rely on " big money benefactors " and seek " power and control " .
claiming those are traits unique to the democratic party is utterly false .
any adequate incels to cope this ldar friday in discord chat or elsewhere ?
we got a complete saint here folks .
i bet he has n't even touched his dick to take a piss .
using the he said the nword argument is so overused and cmon , you have to be a special kind of stupid to think felix knew the other players skin color .
to get rid of a few crude bullies we have further sacrificed our own freedom of   expression and , further insult , we are now censoring ourselves .
i do not like this system .
i can deal with the uncivil ... in fact , i want to hear from them .
“ the key argument of eco - socialism is that capitalism is the cause of the ecological crisis ... marx and engels were among the first ecologists ... they viewed the world as a whole greater than the sum of its parts , produced and reproduced by continuous change , ” saks said .
mixing a few apples and oranges , unlike many liberals on here , i do n't look up people 's names on here .
i do n't check to see where they work or how they make / made they 're money .
i count on the press to give me the info i need .
i 'm surprised the press did n't show his face since nearly everyone can agree that what this guy did was wrong .
this was n't a conservative or liberal issue .
in the past , the daily news has kind of glorified these punks , suggesting it was nothing more than modern art .
still , thanks for the info .
you 've never had a meal in a chinese person 's home in the chinese countryside .
you have n't any idea about chinese history .
you do n't know about the japanese throwing babies into the air and spearing them on their bayonets .
you were not around when the british got the entire chinese nation addicted to opium .
you were not around when 35 , 000,000 chinese starved to death .
you 're comments are those of a bully ,
charles said nothing about race .
segregated does not have to mean race .
the christian community has thousands of subgroups segregated into thousands of sects with different belief systems .
hiya i ' m new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .
trump needs 2 destroy us 's creation isis engaged 2 create pretext to bomb syria .
un stop creation of iraq in syria n proclaim us rogue state
@steven_ratata my boots get me bitches so
the cords of death and compass me the torrance of perdition assailed me the cords of sheol and entangled me the snares of death confronted me
some girls going around exposing ppl aib beh kene sikit nk ching chong lebih haha
excellent comment !
bowl hair cut is hate numbers are hate ok sign is hate anti anti fa symbol hate antisemitism is about to mean jail time holocaust denial will soon mean jail time i did nt know i was living in bolshevik russia
# klassikradio meets is my new fave for work .
3 !
@lindseystirling hits in 1 afternoon # yaaaasss and + # queen + # nirvana & # 128525 ;
i 'd suck and deepthroat your cock until shot your load down my throat
please , oh please , tell us why you need a rifle that fires more than 5 rounds .
are you that lousy of a shot or are you suspecting the chinese will run in fear if you and the other gun nuts wave your rifles at them in a menacing way ?
or , are you afraid president obama is coming to hurt you ?
paranoia runs deep , into your life it will creep .
asian toddlers are the cutest things in the woorld .
adopting a few on ebay .
no ... but seriously .
@birdsofjannah when kim jong un threatens to have a us citizen hanged for a crime in the north korea , the world peace is threatened but when israel rains down hell on palestinians in palestine , the un turns a blind eye .
a double standard nobody nobody understands till this day .
call me a skeptic , but until the well flow tests come in it 's all pie in the sky .
even more so when the subject of tax credits come up .
the state owes owes this company 200 million ?
who is the genius who thought up this scheme ?
go back to china .
' in january , assange said he stood by an offer to go to the united states providing his rights were upheld and if former military intelligence analyst chelsea manning , ...... was freed . '
i do n't think he would go to us now that manning is freed .
he is not a man of his words .
he skipped bail after supporters and friends raised money and put up collateral to meet the bail condition and left them out cold .
he can always say he is not going because his right ' is not upheld ' .
an excuse .
he also said he will not forgive or forget the investigators .
we all know what does it mean .
he will use his favorite weapon , leak private information among others to exert revenge on these people and sweden .
just a matter of time , stay tuned .
i have purchased a few dlc 's for black ops 2 but i do n't know how to play the maps in public matches ?
always end up on standard maps .
like it or not , and i certainly do n't , but ireland , especially ni is littered with memorials to , and even statues of , red terrorists .
stfu you putz .
we are not racists .
you are the one demonizing half the country .
americans are not evil if they want legal immigration .
my god - @joenbc is sick .
url
muslims rejecting food again they are not refugees wake up sheeple , we have done enough time to send them back url
i disagree ... debt is never necessary ... nobody needs to buy a house at any interest rate to live .. i know you will think that i am stupid but renting is good .. there is nothing wrong whatsoever with earning income and spending what you earn without additional money coming in which is often money that must be paid for in the future ... people do not need smart phones , fancy cars , fancy computers , etc . ,
etc . ,
etc . ..
i will be ridiculed for this as i have always been particularly during the crazy ' 80 's but i am still here without the added stress of owing to someone ... life is very difficult in terms of continuous learning , reading etc .
to keep up with current work practices so nobody needs the extra burden   of paying for unnecessary stuff like houses , cars , smart phones .. nothing wrong with renting and there are many places to rent .. i can show you many .. enough with this babble that debt is good so as to help the economy .. the economy does not need people 's debt to continue .
rt tookenglandback politics in brexit britain is now firmly divided between patriots and liberal left wing traitors patriots will make our country great again for natives liberal and left wing traitors will continue to put the needs of immigrants asylum seekers and refugees first
the problem with disincentives for degrees that are not in demand is that it takes four or five years to get a bachelors degree , typically two or three years after that to get a master 's or professional degree , although some of the master 's equivalent professional degrees take four years , and at least a couple of years after that to get a ph.d. in other words , it typically takes about eight years of university to get a professional degree ( ll .
b , m.d , d.d.s and the like )   or ten years of university to get a ph.d. 

 to make sense , the disincentives would have to be for degrees that will not be in demand when this year 's first year class graduates .
how good a fortune teller are you ?
my biological family used to call me faggot , and other words and tell me everyday i was would die if aids .
after i survived that , i vowed that i get to choose whose words affect me .
hey let set up a small white ethnostate inland somewhere the globalists will not serbian our asses
he also said that isis would be defeated within a month , and that he 'd release his tax returns ...... neither of which has happened ( and one of which he has stated he won't be doing ) .
i 'm about to the point of no longer taking you seriously .
i 'm not sure who he has brought down so far ..... but you 're entitled to live in whatever dreamworld you want .
if i hear the phrase white privilege one more time i am going to opt to come back in my next life as a black hispanic latino illegal muslim jewish faggot feminist queer gay lesbian dike transgender piece of shit in other words everything i have not been in this life
imagine the day when idiot chinese can walk into an apothecary and buy a micro size tub of rhino horn , legal and straight .
that is the day when there is no longer a black market for the stuff .
as long and there is a black market the animal is doomed to extinction .
other breeders should do the same as mr hume and to hell with stupid conservationists who do n't think things through
i 've gotten where i really do n't like pro sports of any type but the pomp and circumstance surrounding american football is just ridiculus .
< user > so why i would request you to give your daughter in a kerala muslim house 😅
i do n't care how threatened you feel , you ca n't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit .
but this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
only butthurt one here is you ya little mudshark progeny whiny punkass antifa washington post bitch
< user > his father is the most powerful man on the planet and i doubt young barron even cares or is even aware some dyke from snl slammed him you are crying murder over a papercut
do not need to bitch about them because they did not support trump and just like karl rove they are now part of the stale old right rino hunting season underway soros still lives if you think koch have more political influence than soros you are either naive or being intellectually dishonest
you niggas really be in dms with whole ass girlfriends like are y' all good lmao
you do n't become an immigrant on an expired visa .
you have just overstayer your visa .
she left and then came back legally .
take yo bitch on a dinner date then i paint her face
@shut the muck up get rekt incel
chinky nibbas
untun females are really weird and it 's always a nigga behind it 🤦 🏽‍ ♀ ️ that 's sad
so in a way native americans are asians in america
it 's more peanut shaped ...... like well , peanuts ... emphasis on nuts
the " patriarchal " interpretation of the tob is manifested by viewing man and woman as gender stereotypes based on bodily anatomy , rather than viewing man and woman   as integral personal subjects .
this kind of misinterpretation of the tob has been widely disseminated , in recent times , as a way to rationalize traditional patriarchal practices such as the exclusively male priesthood , which was based on ancient gender theory ( the idea that " women are defective males , " as in aristotle and aquinas ) .
the same applies to " love and responsibility , " which is even more focused on responsible parenthood and was never intended to cover the entire sacramental life of the church , including holy orders .
he needed a more challenging academic environment ?
< user > normani and bts they hate you
abraham himself was evil why are they not his seed just because the jews reject something does not make it not theirs look at you you are a white man rejecting traditional european faith does that suddenly make odin not a white god
all illegal aliens crossing into to canada will be held pending a hearing of their refugee claims in an igloo village being built in moosenee ontario on the james bay coast oil lamps for heat light will be supplied free of charge
believe what you want but they are not the minority .
such a dumb protest .
" hands up do n't shoot "   proven false ... the three other white on black police shootings proven false ... two white officers that shot black men wrongfully are now in prison !
where is this false injustice ?
where ?
its all liberal bull%hit !
black , white , hispanics and asian all come back to dover air force draped in the same american flag they are disrespecting !
i served my country , what have you done ?
adn , why the mention .... " that will soon be home to a new marijuana shop " ?
just gratuitous information to get people to read the article , which , by the way , has nothing to do with any marijuana shop ....
a gook rug muncher aussie mp breaks down when faggotry is given the green light like i always say welcome to babylon goyim
either the liberal party is lying or the chinese organizations and hosts are skimming a few thousand per guest off the top for themselves .
this demonstrates that there is a lot of dishonesty afoot .
this needs to be investigated by the rcmp .
if the chinese are skimming , it shows how naive and foolish trudeau is to trust them , and that he is not fit to be pm .
butts and company are taking us down the same shady path that the ontario liberals took .
rt @jihadistjoe : we muslims have no military honour whatsoever , we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men , women & children http : …
my asian friend killed himself last night .
i wondered , huh , when can calculators take out their own batteries ?
the matter is not resolved .
only shifted to a new arena .
the ballot .
my apologies since the politicians on the island has been corrupted for decades and the gay community has never really been an issue i misunderstood the protest .
the island has been torn apart these passed few years i thought they were protesting to fix the island .
again my apologies if i affened anyone with my comment about the gay pride flag from my misunderstanding of the protest .
freak hoe will forever snap
i fucking hate schools that sweep bullying under the rug .
hate it
i fucking love tequila , mexican food , santana ( spanish guitar in general ) , cervesa , spanish women are the most beautiful , and i took spanish 1 , 2 , and 3 in h.s. bc it 's the most relevant 2nd language here .
why can illegal immigration concerns not be racially motivated any percentage of the time ?
all you hindus should go back to paki you fucking indian go back to mexico !
i have a dream that one day newspapers will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed : " to stop quoting remax agents , mortgage brokers , banking economists and construction companies "
why do japs have black hair ?
there is still some ash
lmao says the person who insulted me stop doing things when it done back you u bitch up and cower in a corner and try and be a victim pussy still no denial you are trailer trash and a product of incest
these bitches are not americans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
they live here and maybe was born here but they hate america ! ! ! !
fuck those brown / black cunts ! ! ! ! ! .
they lie , they say the same racist bullshit but they think it is ok .
they are the four cunts of the apocalypse for a reason .
they need to be voted out or removed by force ! ! ! ! !
why did god invent hinduism ?
so he would n't have to deal with indians .
the chinese are the greatest polluters and they pay squat imo to control it .
why should the western world heed rules that drives up prices while the chinese takes in the jobs away from the western world ?
go google china 's pollution and see the pics for yourselves .
always , the people who follow rules loses while the cheater wins !
what can or will the western world do finding china not living up to pollution standards !
nada , as sgt .
schultz would say , i see nothin i know notin .
the un was created for the politically filthy rich to dine on us taxpayers money , the un has no clout to enforce rules over anyone !
they ca n't force china to chime in on n.korea stopping the nukes and missiles launches .
the un is good for nothin leeches sucking us taxpayers monies .
and that climate change group are being taken in by the chinese / russians , they are the real colluders with us enemies !
they themselves feed off of us taxpayers dollars and takes away us jobs !
yta .
the worst part of this is gall at being offended by his " unprofessional " behavior .
i 'm gon na shit all over this person and then be surprised that it upset them .
🤣 🤣 🤣 fucking classic sociopathic reaction .
it 's only business until someone reacts negatively to me then it 's personal and they were the ones in the wrong .
you a garbage sub - human .
all you so called jewish people and asians you actually white supremes
< user > i really really fucking hate you
recognize that white american catholics are complicit in putting trump in the white house , and then think what the roman catholic church has become .
i ca n't stress it enough , a # sissy should lock her useless # clitty in # chastity .
sissies can only cum in their cage while being fucked in their # boipussy # sissyslut # sissyslave # sissification # feminization # sissytraing # crossdressing # cumslut # sissified # sissygasm # sissyboy url
movies : joss whedon to write and direct ' batgirl ' for warner bros-- https://t.co/acejnfwkal # movie https://t.co/xqfmixtzgb
asian nigga at the beginning a straight bitch boi lookin ass
i will ask but i doubt she will go for your ghetto trash ass when she could get a black dick that attached to someone with money instead of a crack habit
movies : joss whedon to write and direct ' batgirl ' for warner bros-- https://t.co/acejnfwkal # movie https://t.co/xqfmixtzgb
it 's very clear that america thinks of itself as a white country .
if 8chan was a site for muslim extremists or black nationalists , it would have been shut down years ago .
untun females are really weird and it 's always a nigga behind it 🤦 🏽‍ ♀ ️ that 's sad
is this a joke ?
i was always under the impression the human immune system does n't cross the blood - brain barrier very well ?
why i outta !
< user > ban internet is a human right violation wow rape of women loss of house and motherland that kashmiri hindus faced due to islamist jehadis is not a human right violation clap for tg
permanently banned from /r / feminism for my one and only post , which was completely objective and in no way discriminatory
the difference between hetero and homo couples part i
half of pastors afraid of speaking on controversial issues , offending congregation url
in pictures : 

 http://iranpoliticsclub.net/cartoons/obama-carter/images/obama%20&%20carter%20worst%20president%20cartoon.jpg
bunch of fucking sexist haters whining in the comments .
@ssingapuri but you shall ensure to keep retrieving them from their obscurity .
why should indian even really bother what the paki lowlifes comment .. we help them maintain their celebrity status .. these creatures need to be completely completely ignored ..
unfortunate the whole mess .... but one has to wonder when the " bavarians " will crank up that infamous war machine of theirs .
if , and , no doubt when they do , it wo n't bode well for anyone in their path .
completely ignorant of what ?
that oriental is no longer in use for east asians ?
the rest of their argument has grounds in reality .
ugly time magazine .
they have dalits and street defecators writing their articles who are now crying like bitches .
nowonder pakistan hid osama for 10 years while eating $ 50 billion dollars in aid .
what greater gift to india is there than this .
pakistan humiliated america bahahah
some people like to scream the victim but will oversee the discrimination hispanic people , especially immigrants face on the daily basis .
i 've seen it everywhere , white people doing it , asian people doing it , black people doing it and even in our own community .
it's.not.fair url
why would u.s. president obama want to support the transpacific partnership ( tpp ) so companies in the u.s.a. can send more work and jobs from the u.s.a. to mexico and to countries , like india , china and bangladesh , in asia to get less regulation and really cheap labour so companies in the u.s.a. ca n't compete and have to close or down size and hire u.s. workers through temp agencies or part time or on contracts at low wages without benefits ?
why would n't obama want to look out for the best interests of americans ?
do n't be ridiculous .
he was armed and attacking the officers .
it would n't matter if he was black , white , asian etc .
get a grip on yourself and stop trying to stir up mess where there is none .
actually i agree with certain gatekeeping merely because in the dating world when someone says they are polyamorous i think it should be understood as something more personal and connected than " can fuck many people honestly at the same time " it is frustrating to think someone means they are poly and then it turns out they 're just nm .
perhaps not the most liberal , equal and progressive .
but compared to any asian , african , south american , and most eurasian countries , the usa is a darn sight better .
if you do n't think so then why not put your feet where your mouth is , move to one of those countries you admire and then shut up .
meanwhile the feds turn a blind eyes to the chinese who avoid paying all taxes .
instead they go after honest canadians who just ca nt keep up .
pathetic and at some point , will deive out all small business - then where will these clowns find more cash to waste - the money tree ?
asians are dominating the aiming competitions at the olympics .
they ' ve really demonstrated they can shoot a target with their eyes closed .
whoops ... meant to reply to bennice 's post .
i do n't get it .
i 'm sure other races do it , but it baffles me that whites want to blame other races for some intangible issue .
blame the blacks , blame the chinese , blame the mexicans .
uh , what are they really taking from us whites personally ?
nothing substantial i can put a finger on .
certainly nothing from me personally that makes a hoot of difference in my life .
i 've got it good .
i could have it better , but the only one to blame for that is me .
i 'm an atheist , you brainwashed identity politics playing faggot .
go kill babies , shit head .
more likely scenarios : 1 ) these women are simply done with those machines and it 's a coincidence , or 2 ) they feel unsafe because men have pulled some uncomfortable bullshit on them in the past .
but , no : they 're like gazelles .
that makes total sense .
🙄
i recently watched an item on the bbc news in which a headteacher from a school in birmingham was interviewed about a lack of funding .
would appear once insulin balance is out of whack it only takes a small amount of sugar to trigger the body to convert all energy in the blood stream to fat storage which then leads to a sugar crash causing cravings for more junk food .
just purge them from your country .
so then i guess you know who the kardashians are .
sweet .
@bevthrills this woman is a absolute fucking joke , really someone take her behind zumas kraal and shoot her in the fucking head already .
well immigrants are rapists and murderers so that explains at least some portion of it
trump please send all non whites back .
keep america great .
and this columnist did n't ask them either ...
went to the tutoring sitting in my own row 
 everyone avoided me its over
it may be a good idea to lift voting age to something like 35 , in order to get rid of naive kids and dopeheads .
the wind today is blowing much harder than it did any of the days i was in el paso , including the stupid turbulence - y flight in .
ship them out ! ! !
all of them .
make america white again .
not a citizen ?
here illegally ?
fu .
blacks and foreigners ruined this country .
not again .
he cares nothing for alaska or it d people .
we need more gender non conforming transfemme people .
do what you want and be your best self !
we 're all rooting for you :)
guys , shoot that bitch .
< user > the only woman of color in the room is the chinaman doing the interview
" they just love each other " 💘 url
republicans have all the power .
they can investigate anything they want .
why are republicans always victims in every scenario ?
hot girls win .
game over url
in a post about refugees , one philadelphia officer wrote , " let them starve to death .
i hate every last one of them " and " should have shot him " about a video of an armed , would - be robber .
other philadelphia officers made posts belittling domestic abuse and black lives matter .
maisie williams with pink hair is making me even gayer i did nt think that was possible 💕
being lgbt friendly is good for business .
i do n't have a problem with that .
sweet irony hold your nose tina fey ta ta flashing knish diddling shvontz noshing lesbo diving internet porno pig tries to shame trump women voters tells them you can not look away read ignore the trump wreckage your vote caused pathetic trump gabfam speakfreely chat
man if y' all do n't shut y' all bitch asses up gotdamn url
ok wtf tape1 side b is literally nthng like the book they 're missin out on all the details um ion wanna kno bout justins boring ass ne more
should i fuck you with your burkha on or first rip it off
i 'd impale that cock in my mouth and throat and suck the hell out of if .
until you grabbed my head to fuck my mouth hard and blast a load down my throat .
👄 💦 🍆
following this controversy makes me think about the numerous chefs , usually white males , serving mostly affluent white people cuisines they " discovered " from faraway places . (
some of portland 's best mexican " authentic " oaxacan street food , tacos , vietnamese street food , etc ... comes to mind ) some of portland 's so - called best chefs are , in my opinion , practicing the definition of cultural appropriation .
< user > agree with ananya baby every hindu muslim sikh isai should travel in economy class sonam kapoor
bug , we did .
you lost .
hillary says trump appointing a special prosecutor for her would be treeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeason
if normies really wanted to help us , they will offer to fund our plastic surgery 
 but no , we have to exist so you do nt feel that inferior to chads rigth mr .
norman .
was a smoker
i wish i could sing in front of anybody & amp ; like actually go all out cause syd shelby & amp ; my family are the only people i can do that with
republicans have all the power .
they can investigate anything they want .
why are republicans always victims in every scenario ?
ramadan kareem to all my mutuals muslims and all muslims around the world 💖
trudeau is increasing the deficit by cutting taxes , spending on " infrastructure " and " stimulus " .
trump has campaigned on cutting taxes , spending on " infrastructure " and " stimulus " , most experts who predicted trudeau would increase the deficit way beyond $ 10bn and make it structural now expect trump to do the same .
trudeau considers himself too popular to fulfill election promises , whilst trump is a narcissist .
the only difference i see is that trudeau is n't as bigoted , and has a better haircut .
< user > feminazi macumbeira kk
to be a living fossil , they should be able to build a tepee or igloo , and how many natives can perform at least one of these tasks ?
< user > he wanted to call people retarded but ended up being the one with mental problems
apparently chile and britain are selective regarding who they allow in their country .
unfortunately the u.s. , and especially hawaii and california , will take anybody .
freeheels .. close your eyes and ignore the murder and marginalization of native americans , slavery and the subsequent racism towards blacks and " mexicans " , and muslims , the internment of japanese , george warcriminal bush invasion of iraq , and you 'll see the streets of america are paved with gold , everything is ok and you can have a coke and a smile ... it 's called the conservative way .
i better correct myself here < number > muslim invented science the universe mohamhomopedo he invented the flat earth said it was stretched out flat like a giant carpet he invented the anti earth quake machine mountains were placed there staked down with giant stakes by allhaha so the earth wo nt shake
daughter : where am i from daddy dad : pounds a shot of tequila .
who names there daughter “ pounds a shot of tequila ” .
ask me questions .... can be anything sports , video games , anything you want ... keep it clean though # askkev
if it true that the smarter should wipe out the dumber and that white people are dumber than asians then it in white people bests interests to wipe out the asians before they wipe us out either that or keep some niggers around
india is a huge scam .
winston churchill was correct when he said ( paraphrased ) indians are a beastly people with a beastly religion .
the famine was their own fault for breeding like rabbits .
a reminder that catholics should not support or attend lgbtq " pride month " events held in june .
they promote a culture and encourage activities that are contrary to catholic faith and morals .
they are especially harmful for children .
wind 3.5 kts s. barometer 1022.25 hpa , falling .
temperature 13.2 ° c .
rain today 11.1 mm .
humidity 78 %
trump failed on this because he did not do what he said he would do during the election which was , he said ,   to replace obama care with a better , more affordable   health care plan .
he could not make it happen .
well white people certainly are terrorists there is no denying that ( trump , bush , obama , clinton .. hillary a full on terrorist) ... khan 's mistake is that she wants to leave it at that and not have a fuller discussion .
ex .
sunni terrorism over shia ( in pakistan shia 's have claimed discrimination for decades ) ..   israeli 's are taught from early on to detest muslims ..... mandarin detests cantonese ....   japanese vs. chinese .... 

 she does herself an intellectual disservice by limiting just to white people .... a people her parents thought worthy of joining for the benefits .. 

 i kinda feel sorry for them in all of this .... likely just good folks trying to get by .
why is it such an astounding thing to say that world poverty is down ?
what stats are you looking at ?
hillary was wrong to ignore the deplorable misogynistic behavior of billy .
michelle was wrong to embark upon a sexist crusade .
posters on this thread are wrong to attack a nice immigrant who made a good speech about helping underprivileged children have better living conditions .
three wrongs do not make a right .
another example of re - using cherry picked quotes to keep pushing the agenda .
it 's the selectivity that reveals a pride of sorts .
" he would have been disgusted by the violence in charlottesville " .
really , you think so ?
this would be the same man who when he ordered his slaves beaten told the overseer to ' lay it on well ' and then wash their backs with brine ?
suggest people read adam 's serwer 's piece ( among others ) in the atlantic   - the myth of the kindly general lee for another version of the man .
flipping channels hit on this wwe wtf is this like gay soft porn
you and [ the only other asian kid in the school ] should go to homecoming together .
i mean , he 's cute , is n't he ?
i would n't know , i 'm not asian ...
just worked out today 
 very intense leg workout feels good man .
> but .. where in the fuck do they deport you to ?
it 's easy , they 'll just stand you up infront of the color chart with shades from * not quite * white enough to full on shithole country citizen .
wonder sha never end .. olosho won buy benz o .. this girl hide condom inside pussy ... sperm don dey turn black when they brought it out of her pussy .. na wa o 🙆 🙆 😱 😱 😱 url
another political posturing move in the white house .
we will not fill a clerical position in an office located some place in an office ; yet we can put a bigger number on trump 's paid administrative assistance staff in the white house , we can pay to have the secret service watch trump tower , and we will pay for donald to go to nyc to visit family .
asians do nt deserve happiness
< user > < user > < user > < user > americans come before illegal aliens trump seems to be the only politician who believes this
" " " @trendinaliang : the 3 most active users for # smsgjos were : @bennycapricorn ( 131 tweets & amp ; rts ) @alutadarf ( 51 ) @disturbingjos ( 33 ) — # trndnl "
doj department of jews
is there any country that i can move to where there are no blacks or asians ?
i fucking hate racists .
i fucking hate these fucking losers who act so brazenly racist towards white people .
slavery ?
by white people ?
ha fucking ha , brown people have practised slavery just as much , if not more than white people ever have .
american slavery is the only slavery these uneducated nerds have ever heard of .
< user > < user > < user > < user > feminism has toxic aspect yes and you are allowed to oppose it but on your fight against it do not ever try to justify rape ever we are fighting against women being bullies so what has rape got to with this ngoba we get raped cause we have vaginas
its always the the indian urgh not only they shit in public street , they also go scamming gullible people
god damn you fat ass losers are so easy .
you bore me fat ass .
see ya loser .
go fap to some anime
this child is causing white genocude and deserves tk be lynched
then do n't buy one .
problem solved .
sorry but birds of a feather flock together .
both are culpable and i seriously doubt that it was 
 the wife that influenced no aloha kealoha .
all it takes is personally encountering the chinaman
i mean i get that race exists but the qualifications are weird like we have caucasians that do not live in europe yet according to white supremacists here in the usa they are not classified as white
i do n't think so .
the toppest secret is if chinese are provoked into taking military actions , american would find they will have no leverage at all .
trump has to been briefed to understand that .
american are fed too much useless propagandas on it .
last msm person standing please shut off the lights .
all immigrants are trash this is a white country trump 2020
< user > send me fat girls and i will become even gayer vro
dear anupam kher , you are a moron and a gutter person .
wish somebody shoots you or you die of a disease soon .. useless .
url
i hope the government shuts down and this time for like a month or something
seen street niggas dick ride 🤢
time to kill the paki terrorist pig 🐷 # hafizsaeed .
if it helps remember that the players owners city governments sponsors broadcasters and advertisers want you broke dead your kids raped and brainwashed and they think it funny
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves .
omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so .
then lock this worthless piece of shit up .
half - life 2 : episode 2 had an ending that i actually cried about .
the screen goes dark , you can still hear the sobs , and then the credits start .
i did n't know i could get so emotionally attached to a bunch of polygons like that .
per capita whites are doing much better than the chinese besides i think you are over estimating how much soy the average chinaman actually eats
@owain garside who are these ' ladies ' you refer to ?
they are all from families who chose to leave some shithole and come to the us - now they hate the us and its people .
do n't confuse their families with the original immigrants who built america .
they are welcome to move back to ancestral lands .
stfu go back to china you moron go eat fetus
fuck ass nigga
# newtopic : ' 🎬 hollywood ' @ 🐸 
 speak freely about ' # hollywood ' ... 

 and there is planty to speak about ...
why are the dogs in china really fast ?
the slow ones were eaten
john singleton got a fascination with niggas getting raped
i like how mexicans just call all asians chino very efficient saves time
< user > < user > ching chong you are wrong
abortions for niggers jews arabs spics gooks should not be a right it should be a law white women should never have an abortion because it takes up valuable resources for people of colour if you are a white women and you have an abortion you should be labeled a racist < user > ‍
why do you guys want david to be connected to balloon squad ?
his past can be traumatic for trans viewers and it 's none of our business .
we should respect him and all that matters is that he 's happy right now
how do you know your house was robbed by an asian ?
your homework is done for you , your computer hardware has been upgraded , and the guy has still been trying to back out of your driveway for the past 30 minutes .
+ richy rich that act made usa the worst terrorists the world has ever seen ... and it was actually the us embargos that instigated japans retaliation , and then there were the atrocities of racism against all asians which followed .
the older i get - the more i see the hidden swastika sewn into the american flag .
i support the right to bear arms .
i forget , who ordered that raid that killed osama bin laden ?
strangers ?
friends ?
close friends ?
crush ?
relationship ?
heartbroken ?
barely friends ?
strangers
( 37 ) my dad is black and my mom is from a white dad and indian mom so mixed
that 's racist and stupid .
100 % of white men speak out against it .
not 100 % of muslims speak out against muslim terrorism .
there are billboards in palestine celebrating suicide bombers .
> a majority of pakistanis surveyed in a poll appeared to be aggrieved over the death of osama bin laden , with 51 per cent describing their emotions as ' grief '   i could go on be you get the point .
that 's one of the stupidest false equivalencies i 've seen in a long time .
you should consider reevaluating your entire belief system .
khawar qureshi is n't even pakistani .
he was born and brought up in england .
yes , any convert can make aliyah under the right of return .
however , only orthodox converts are accepted as jewish by the rabbinate , which is necessary in order to marry a jew in israel .
i do n't really care what the motivation is for someone to shoot me .
i just do n't want to get shot .
if you feel i 'm a bootlicking racist i do n't know what to tell you .
gang activity is mainly a result of economics , not race .
i do n't actually recall even mentioning race at all .
if i did it was wrong and i apologize .
i think we should try to end all mass shootings , not just ones committed by trump fanboys .
i 'm not sure what 's accomplished by ignoring certain crimes based on the motivation or the victim .
i like to think i 'm woke but this is one thing i never understood .
like sure be open and proud of what you are , but why does that only apply to minorities .
better yet , why is it that when a majority tries to show pride in what they are its somehow pushing down on the minorities .
do nt get me wrong , a lot of minorities have it really tough to this day .
and they should nt have to feel wrong for what they are .
i have absolutely no problem with a gay pride parade , but still do nt understand what 's so wrong about straight pride ?
there really is an international conspiracy to turn all white countries into non white countries they are increasingly open about it the neo nazi conspiracy theorists were not paranoid they were right all along
the dv charge just disappeared !
no special treatment here , huh .
are you telling me that all veterans have dv charges dropped in this special court ?
you do nothing ...... just like you 've been doing the last 30 years to replace all those lost jobs tough guy
it is generous of obama to keep from criticizing his inept and clownish successor , but why does he bother -- there wo n't be any credit coming from trump , or from his base or his online frat - boys , or the right - wing media , who 've all made it clear that they view decency and diplomacy as mere weaknesses to be quashed , much too civilized for their liking .
i agree that social media is not the place for this .
i have a couple of friends who used to post some of the most humiliating and intimate insights into family life .
someone apparently said something to them and they , thankfully , stopped a couple years ago .
but too many in this country have no filter or common sense .
you can be ghetto and not be ratchet i ’ m ghetto for sure but fighting all the time is ugly
saw a documentary a couple of years ago on the part still destroyed by the flood everyone complaining about injustice and racism of someone not rebuilding their ghetto in a non gentrifying way of course which was run down before the flood they expect handouts
lemme get this straight the holocaust was a hoax because hitler who most famously known for hating jews was backed by jews you all have to be fucking retarded to believe this shit
i urge you to research what has happened in germany and sweden .
we should learn from their mistakes not repeat them .
@deanmajors @insideedition @psychologydoc the eyes ... the mans unhinged .
i would n't be surprised if they discovered bodies in his cellar .
i do n't understand the preacher thing - they all seem delusional
deport 'em all , and build the wall .
" bury the rag deep in your face for now 's the time for your tears " .
another white man escapes the gavel of justice for killing a black person .
reparations are due .
thank you freshandloud for telling us twice why you could n't do what the author did .
had dna white as a snow the way you write i see hominids smarts
but you 're not a racist .
a bunch of people poked me about some article that was written .
eh .
i do n't really care that much .
pope francis will ally with trump in brokering peace negotiations between israel and palestine - the greatest diplomatic coup of our time not to mention elevating the status of both men .
just as canadian real estate has been for sale , used like a swiss bank account in greater vancouver by mainland chinese and hong kong based asians , the march on the rest of canada 's enterprises both public and private has now been facilitated by the liberal sell - out committee .
chairman trudeau who has on many occasions praised the ability of the chinese communist oligarchy to " turn their economy on a dime " has promised the chinese leadership his full cooperation in allowing china to consider canada as just another asian possession .
at what stage do citizens revolt and drive these liberal criminals out of office ?
will it be before multiculturalism is seen by everyone in its glory of supreme dysfunction with isolated ethnic enclaves battling one another for supremacy and a nation having no real identity other than being known as a segment of china ?
the rest of us will be tenants paying homage and fees to travel on what use to be our own roads .
but even they will be sold .
disgusting !
keep voting # katycats i vote for # katyperry # shestheone 1 retweet=1 vote ♡ ♡ ♡ wide awake : 650 millions views ☆
hi bro , 
 i received a very prompt response to an email i sent to civil comments inquiring about formatting commands .
the cc rep said that while formatting commands are not available now , they are exploring ways of making that available .
i liked the courtesy of a prompt response .
i think the formatting options would enhance the comments , but i can be patient about that .
i 'm glad to see some of the gang regrouping here .
they would n't allow me to be mike a and so i became mike aa .
studies show non whites view freedom completely different than whites for example < number > of hispanics view hate speech as an act of violence which means they would ban it their view of hate speech could be anything wake up your family and friends
again , awesome show as usual , @agustus   get some rest and aloe !
i like my white skin we discovered america and built it including most inventions sorry niggers beaners and chinks
lol < user > ‍ is a bitch
here in ontario , the sugar ratings are on the shelves under each wine types .
i 'm a t2 diabetic and after reading the us , uk and canadian diabetes association websites , they say that having a drink is ok for us .
they caution that excessive amounts can lower sugar   in the body to dangerous levels , so its a glass of red nightly for me .
an argentinian wine called fuszion is one of the lowest sugar rated wines so that 's what i drink
so far this year the left has opposed free speech called for violence against political enemies and opposes due process for boys on college campuses somehow that does not strike me as anti fascist
i 've always been proud of the igbo tribe and our culture .
yesterday made me even more proud .
you people are too fine abeg . #
ogbakoumuigboday
so you agree that the wealthy can do whatever they want .
wonder what he 'd do if a fellow golfer followed in his / her cart onto the green .
do you believe others should be able to do as trump does , or is it the $ that makes it ok , which seems to be the gop 's overall ideology .
it made me sick looking at all the blacks and asians .
man : : so , what type of asian are you ?
meaning a chinese background ?
japanese , korean , thai , etc etc etc etc ... ( someone who knows there are different types of asians ? )
after i did n't respond , he sent me another message so i wrote back to let him down politely .
me : : i 'm just not interested , but i 'm sure there are other girls on this site who will enjoy talking to you . [ ... ]
also , it 's not impressive that you know that china is n't the only country in asia . [ ... ]
man : : well fuck off then bitch .
i tried to be nice .
at least i was n't like " hey chink you are n't a fucking jap are you ? "
my god you dumb bitches need to get off okcupid . [ ... ]
you are a piece of garbage .
" f those ugly idiots " " i ca nt stand useless people like this .
we need to dispose of them " " stop crying " \-ljoseph54
jews defends jews regardless muslims defend muslins regardless christian european attack christians christian people are on their own and jews and muslims have another home we don ffs we do not why can not people understand that it not that difficult
lol sorry you guys swtiched to a new depop page ☺ ️ so you 're going to get a little flooded with postings
the people need to rid ourselves of the billionaire class , plain and simple .
we are all just so incredibly stupid to think we should let this happen .... and not because he is chinese ... i mean all billionaires .
i 'm straight , but i have a lot of friends who are gay , lesbian , or transgender , and i support them and will do so until the day i die . #
pridemonth
can you shoot someone if they pull pepper spray on you ?
seriously , anyone knowing ?
< user > ching chong desu
beat a guy from bejing in the world jousting final found a chink in his armour
the point of this is that we need to learn from the past ... lots of people in hindsight are stupid , that 's what makes it hindsight .
but there is a special place for racists , for eugenics , for sexism because we hold these toxins even we profess otherwise in our statements .
one thing i learned was i was a racist , much better than my grandmother who was a typical ohioan and a racist , and then better still than my mother , who made a conscious effort to teach her children this was wrong , and i hope my son will be better still ... but the toxic legacy lingers .
we all know the words , if we pull back our eyelids we get that this is a racist gesture for asians .
we each can choose to be more open , reduce the legacy but it takes time and commitment !
and the conversation , not revisionist , is very important .
we should never display the confederate battle flag except in a museum .
we should never support the little d 's of the world and his dog whistles , and we need to be more open to others .
love is ...
based on all the comments criticizing trudeau ( and rightly so ) , who the heck voted for him to get a majority ?
95 % of the comments are against the deficit - but he has a free ticket to spend like daddy because most of toronto and quebec + maritimes voting for the fool .
and they are have not provinces to boot !
when your homeboy(s ) say you fucked up , you really fucked up
nowhere in the bible does it teach a 6000 year old earth , that is man made concept .
it a few uneducated people that came up it with an idea so it would fit their little worldview .
boyfriend is raped , everyone is like " yep rape go to the cops "
how about the government of this state put some time , money and energy into the citizens of this state .
the homeless , veterans and the fixed income citizens of this country ? ?
they ring their hands and have studies about the homeless , addicted and mentally ill folks on the streets of our state then spend our resources on people who wo n't stand and fight for their own country .
people who   come here and take up precious tax dollars while our homeless vets who fought in the same country they are fleeing , live on the street .
what the hell is wrong with the people in salem ? ?
the city should n't be involved in this program .
every single white country is getting swamped with 3rd world trash .
look around .
your problems have nothing to do with your dick .
among the sources of your probables are your lack of self respect and respect for others .
rich , you think 50,000 rats is an extremely low number ?
okay .
orkin has named chicago the rattiest city in america for three of the past four years , so if orkin 's numbers are low for chicago , their numbers are probably low for every other city .
nevertheless , chicago is still the rattiest city according to orkin .
and if you do n't believe the humane society of the u.s. 's estimate for feral cats ( 1 for every 10 residents ) because you think they are tired of euthanizing pets , how about two researchers who have been studying feral cats for decades and are sympathetic to tnr programs who find it reasonable to estimate a community 's feral cat population at 1 cat for every two households , or nearly twice as many as the hsus estimate .
like i say , these are just estimates , but i used the most conservative ones i could find and your estimate hinges on a wrong turn in a single chicago neighborhood a number of years ago .
president trump is doing a great job and is no more racist than the squad .
< user > there does seem to be an uncanny similarity between the current usual suspects and previous ‘ asians ’
he does not care if america goes brown and shitskins are anti free speech show me one shitskin country with free speech shaprio is a fast talking jew tool
one thing that needs to said in this article were it mentions " " ... check the oil ... " instead of just checking it ,   using quality synthetic in the engine and transmission replacing the petroleum based oil will go a long way to keep your vehicle and equipment running and protected .
petroleum based oils will go solid at alaskan temperatures .
rh
i tell ya , improving the economy and decreasing minority unemployment , that 's really hurting people .
uh huh .
trump is not a racist .
he loves and is working for our country .
you can not have porous or open borders .
were you even aware the u.s. has immigration quotas since 1921 ?
if a muslim person kills innocent people they are considered a terrorist but if a white person does it they are considered mentally ill
do n't forget the chinese and the japanese who were mistreated by white americans and how they continue to suffe ... oh , wait ....
" according to oxfam , the world could see its first trillionaire in 25 years if the superrich continue to benefit from the “ highly secretive industry of wealth management . ”
there might be many shady types of people among the super rich .
but the reality is that there are also many hard working , industrious people among the rich who have taken some risks and worked for what they have .
rather than take away the wealth of the elite , i think the answer is to ensure that they pay their fair share of taxes as them accumulate their wealth .
property rights matter .
you ca n't just take away the assets in order to make it a more human economy for all , or tax away the benefit of accumulating wealth .
wealth is mobile and it will move .
education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - jews , non - whites and liberal women run and ruin everything .
your chinese is lucky names your dumb indians are jews stuck on old stones
had dna white as a snow the way you write i see hominids smarts
i have purchased a few dlc 's for black ops 2 but i do n't know how to play the maps in public matches ?
always end up on standard maps .
my friend said he like his steak extra salty so i superglued his steak to his face
the ndp are being somewhat hypocritical with this issue .
to say one thing , but then to have the premier continue with cash for access fundraisers , leaves a bad taste in voters ' mouths .
the new legislation will only be made retroactive if the ndp feel the liberals have raised more money since the election .
no wonder they are rushing to organize more fundraisers .
very informative piece on the facts of the dapl issue :  

 http://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=http%3a%2f%2fbit.ly%2f2fpdlsv&h=haqebtwrd
why would he attack a white music festival the suspect is some gook bitch
in my opinion , from my experience with the schools in my area , the teachers say it is not their job to break up a fight i m not saying this is right but its going on in many different areas
adn is nothing more than a mouth piece for the socialist - liberal - leftist - george soros - big government - spend our way to prosperity at someone else expense agenda .
just go ahead and submit , sissy .
you 're going to love being addicted to white cock !
# hyères # footjob throat # sexo # uniforms # planq # incall # chatroom blowjob # kikhorny # dirty https://t.co/zjbnusfh2c
rt @cpsqueak : each time i do it for ya i make that bad pussy behave
literally just getting drunk men to buy me drinks at the bar .
i was one happy trans girl that night :)
@sportslarryknbr amazing ?
he plays in the wcc .
twice a year he gets to play lmu , pepperdine , portland and usf among others
criticizing the chinese for human rights abuses is like shooting fish in a barrel .
it is also futile .... as if anyone in china gives a damn about what she has to say .
if this is her " crowning achievement " , she has set the bar far too low and should try doing something that actually makes a difference .
or is the real goal to to be seen as an activist critical of the chinese ? ?
< user > many muslim pray for u guys the medic team will do a best solution to give a treatmen
and the bias just keeps on coming , eh , adn ?
why will not you print my letters ?
sweet jesus here some real stupid shit norah o donnell scores interview with prince mohammed bin salman does the camel jockey get to bring his gold plated bone saws < user >
so here 's the nazi still ranting at " impassioned hold the pain harold " as of a half hour ago :   url " because i do n't care .
i would rather protect the nations that whites created from being flooded by 3rd worlders being corrupted by jews .
words mean nothing to me "
do not put your gab mug in the dishwasher the gab decal is not dishwasher safe 😢 < user > < user > edit only the black gab mug does this the white one will not thanks for the replacement gab ♥
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
maybe there should be a quota on the number of questions men can ask as well as a programme established to promote questions by women .
does not matter where it comes from white people always make food better tex mex is better than tru mex american chinese food is better than gook food europe is the epicenter of refined food brown ppl just eat whatever they can get their grubby paws on
yes , i call us " hispanic . "
i mark the caucasian , hispanic , and sometimes native american box if i 'm feeling saucy .
in new mexico spanish culture is pretty dominant so even my white - ass dad says " bueno " when he answers the phone and cooks good food .
my mom 's mom took care of me and my cousins when we were kids so even though i 'm technically half white and half hispanic , i identify more with the hispanic new mexican side .
i wrote replies to another commerter if you want to read those .
" as rail stations come online and become the major hubs in each community , travel patterns will shift accordingly " 
 " technically , tam is right , however " 
 yes he is .
those two women are both airheads !
who really gives a f * * * about what they have to say anyway !
lol black people will listen to kanye over all of these retarded news agencies especially if he makes a shitty rap album covering his thoughts hahahahahaha
my roommate : : ugh , that asian girl in our chemistry lab is so annoying .
me : : what does she look like ?
my roommate : : i do n't know , she has an asian face .
me : : there are five asians in our lab .
my roommate : : well whatever !
they all look the same !
you are right , these chinese are the scourge of the earth .
they immigrate to democratic western countries and bring their backwards commie ideas with them .
< user > < user > < user > and islam 7 th century outdated ideology created by arabs has no place in 2 1 st century
what do you call a asian with a broken back ?
a chinkie
funny ... the f-35 has won every procurement it 's gone up against any other ... denmark and norway are just the latest two ...   name me one country ( other than australia who bought them as a stop gap to get them to where they could buy the f-35 ) that has bought the super hornet or anything else when the f-35 was in the competition ?
the cost per aircraft is going down .
it 's down around $ 80 m a copy now and will go down further as economies of scale kick in .
the us , great britain ( and to a small extent canada ) have paid for the r&d cost .
the cost to buy now is simply the cost to build one more .
ramadan kareem to all my mutuals muslims and all muslims around the world 💖
the peanut butter was not as important as the time machine used to go back and teach the ancient incans how to make it .
um if a penis is triggering the deeper fears of the human mind , probably penis is n't for you .
and then there 's asiacourt , the once beautiful , safe , white , area of scarborough ... ( and the last i checked ) was a garbage infested chinease outpost .
hey twitter you enormous fags do not you have more problems than anime posting weebs to worry about your problem should be the actual terrorists and maybe the kangz how about you ban some of those faggots instead
only time " just be yourself " is the correct answer 
 how can i turn women off ?
# whitepower ... i'll hang you nigger
racially heterogeneous states are neither possible without conflict , nor are they desirable .
trump recognizes jerusalem as israeli capital moves embassy because < number > jerusalem never mentioned in koranicles < number > moham rejected jerusalem on his search to fabricate a cult and the rest is history of which the arabs not palii play no part party time
i have no idea where you come up with your ?
's   my opinions are supported by facts .
trump 's ban was not based on religion and there is no nationality called islam .
the both banned for six months immigrants from syria and iran .
with the growth of isis who has moved to iraq and elsewhere , those countries were included .
a judge on the east coast just upheld trump 's immigration ban .
the judge in hawaii admitted he ruled on the ban based on his interpretation of comments trump made on the campaign trail !
so , warning to all , be careful what you said back in 3rd grade or any other time as those words can be used against you by some moronic judges !
and , in case you do n't already know , the 9th circuit is the most liberal court in the country which is why somebody decided to sue in that jurisdiction twice !
but the east coast judge has ruled differently !
< number > pikey is worth < number > pakis
o this white gurl liked chocolate dick
if you 're this kids parent go and twat him and his fucking father aswell .
little cunt !
url
@fritz kobe foaking philippine cowards without balls , only could moaning like your foaking ho mom when being foaked by my juicy c ock , coward .
that 's simply not the case .
most americans are not conservative -- they are center and a bit to the right .
on some issues they swing left .
most americans do not want the numbers of homeless people to grow for a lack of services , for instance .
the division is growing larger between those on the ends , not so much in the middle .
the middle moves back and forth and were -- obviously -- quite split in the middle this time .
in case you had n't heard , the popular vote and the electoral vote split again .
there are about 35 - 40 % of the republicans who are actually quite extreme , some of them dangerously so .
they are mostly racist , sexist , and homophobic .
there are some democrats calling those who voted for trump " extremists " but that does not mean the majority of democrats are .
people jumping from 15 people on this blog saying things like that to " democrats " are being hyperbolic at best .
this is not some representative sample .
this tea tastes like garbage but if the model on the front got a snatched waist ya girl about to have one too
the"f " in meme stands for " funny "
that rouge jewess as if there is any other kind called for complete genocide of palestinians her name is ayelet sheked when she does not call for genocide of people she stole land from she whinies about holohoax typical kike shenanigans disgusting rats
and when i complain she just yells at me that i should buy it myself how am i supposed to do so when im in fucking school ? ?
" @lildurk _ : i can turn yo bitch into a eaterrrrrrrrr "
@dr_hawzhinazeez i hope that trump will change the world in one way : the usa will soon have less power outside its borders .
i hope that all people find peace in me and build democratic countries where people have the power of voting and freedom of religion .
was recently in bed with my wife 😉 suddenly i hear “ you make me feel like a woman ” 
 i have no clue what made me say that
that 's trudeau , selling us out to the chinese .
hosting cash for access fundraisers and allowing the sale of canadian firms to corrupt state owned enterprises from china .
this multiple entry visa is a disgraceful idea .
this chinese must have something on trudeau .
i ca n't believe he is that stupid .
some of us have ancestors who came to this country because of the highland clearances .
some of us have ancestors who came to this country as uel 's .
some came because of potato famine .
these people are coming here for the same reasons my ancestors came here .
sometimes remembering where we came from is helpful in determining where we are going to .
censorship is violence therefore violence against those who want to censor is warranted and ethical as self defense
i remember i used to listen to linkin park when i was little when i missed my dad .... these songs got memories
those people who commit mass shootings are just retards and maniacs who get a pass because they white .
they just like the stupid dude from the human centipede 2 , a copycat dummy with a stupid soul and a burned up brain .
< user > the definition of mom porn childless white women watching refugee children and babies crying on tv momporn i am a childless white woman but i feel ill at the sight of endless foreign kids better to focus on animalrights they are victims of human behavior sterilize third world
pieces of disgust hope asian basketball players will form basketball league in america this gad damn monkeys are fckn sickening . !
< user > < user > < user > i love you
< user > < user > ching chong ching
are white people allowed to have their own countries should asians be able to move to any white nation they like and open pho shops and nail salons
i disagree you can never justify race mixing some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future .
ms. kafer 's qualifications for her conclusions seem to be only the fact that she owns three cats .
she is not a vet nor is she employed or involved in animal sheltering or adoption .
she speculates about the harmful ( to cats ) consequences of a city declaw ban , but the actual consequences of declaw bans in the cities that have had them in place for years is that cats ' lives are saved .
kafer should do some minimal research and stick to writing about what she knows ... if anything .
yo why some old white guy start coming at me at the gas station cause my music is ghetto 😭 nigga said this is not the ghetto go somewhere else guy stfu once i said he looked broke tho
+100 % real woman 4 the throw the bum out party !
go feed your cats fatty
the vw sport wagon i bought 2 1/2 years ago is a has a 5 speed manual and i had to have it brought in from a dealer in northern bc - none in vancouver or victoria .
i wanted a volvo but they did n't make one so they lost my business .
also the last 4 cars i have owned ; 2 subaru 's and 2 turbo saab 's all had 5 speeds .
to me driving an automatic is to give driving control to the car and i want to control driving pleasure .
driving a manual in the city is n't onerous once you have bonded with the car and it 's performance - way better with a manual transmission in my opinion .
in the 60s and 70s when in school we all were taught to pander to few minorities in the class ...... how 's that working out now in milwaukee ?
overpopulation will be the underlying cause of humanity 's decimation .
i see nothing in the professor 's argument addressing this .
what s tougher than a white man roaming the streets of compton .... a dog roaming the streets of china
what 's the difference between a picture of jesus and jesus himself ?
it only takes one nail to hang the picture .
i think i banged a chinese celebrity she kept screaming " i 'm wei tu yung " .
like i was supposed to know the name .
i do n't agree mr. trump is a racist , but racism also exists in all people of all races , black race included .
muhammad ali , lyndon johnson , many were racists , elderidge cleaver loved talking about raping white women , ali racial inter - marriage , johnson was a racist .
heck the nation of islam had george lincoln rockwell sitting proudly up front with his pals , all in full nazi regalia surround by hundreds of blacks who they had things in common with !
it 's in all races , and today even our universities like harvard , where asians are discriminated against .
but either way as i said before , your past issuance of personal insults to myself and others , leave little to be constructive , and i decline further discussion with you respectfully q hall , amber collins , dale gross , or whatever moniker you 've adopted to use today respectfully .
have a wonderful evening .
would generally agree it makes sense earlier in your career .
i do n't particularly like seeing undergrad business degrees paired with general - survey mbas though , and have seen quite a lot of that .
do something that complements the business degree , and so if the hba comes first , do something different or complementary .
i hope every business student comes out of uaa with professor jeffries ' keen skills at analyzing a business problem and articulating a solution .
i have no idea if his argument has merit , there 's always ' another side ' , but it was a persuasive editorial .
nicely done .
it 's funny , i did n't know if you were asian or not because you 're so tall .
< user > now it is a democrat ghetto that they are hiding
yeah , because we those guys had a hand in genocide .
which people did they annihilate ?
health always comes first i m so proud of everything you 've accomplished with this i love you my honey # 수고했어요쫑디 & # 128140 ;
goodnight bitches ( with a lisp )
sure ak-47 's in that area of weaponry .
also i 'm not saying preventing .
just keep it minimal .
the middle east now is n't 1930s europe , substantially different historically , culturally , religiously .
the me was ' broken ' by western powers ( who thought they were exceptional and superior ) meddling in the great game long before our time .
iraq is an artificial country , like an mma octagon with several oppositional fighters in a free for all .
the ' shambles ' has long been there , in great part because we egoistical , civilized westerners think we have the christian right to ' do good ' , just as we 've mistakenly thought we were the bulwark against communist hordes in se asia .
you assume that by staying in iraq and elsewhere in the middle east , we can ' fix it ' and bring western style democracy there .
good luck with our being an occupational force .
once again , it 's that haughty , condescending , falsely superior christian attitude of thinking you / we know better than those ' muslim savages . '
we are reaping what we have sown , more so because of that ignorant racist buffoon in the white house .
production of white babies and increasing white population is a task of each white couple .
you have to read the rest christ is not his last name a moslem would never confess him as christ 2 nd best prophet ever
happy happy happy pride month from your fav and gayest homo ever .
women are jaw droppingly gorgeous and beautiful and i would n't change that thought for anything in the world ❤ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜 # pridemonth # happypridemonth url
fuck everything and reproduce
any of your " friends " should be supportive .
when i came out when i was 13 , i found out very quickly who my real friends were .
any friends that do n't respect your decision are n't your friends .
love to whatever you decide 💙 💙
@sweetkat111 @kag4all @sentedcruz yet these assholes support killing babies in the woumb and after they are born .
i do nt want to hear them cry about seperation .
do nt come here illegaly !
time to hunt down civilians who have fell for indian money and do propaganda against pakistan .
it 's dead easy to find them ... set examples   # nomercyfortraitors
retweet this you fucking cummy fags 💦 💦 💦 💦 💦 subscribe to see full 5 mins + massive cum shot url url
hi the time is 04:23 , the temp is 23.06 celsius and the pressure is 1014.92 mb https://t.co/1hbpcivibj
i have really been thinking about just coming out to her , because then she knows i am a lesbian and that kind of puts the ball in her court .
if that makes sense .
i mean honestly there is no reason why i would n't come out to her .
she is one of the most progressive and supportive open minded people i know .
it 's just no matter what , coming out is a super scary thing .
can someone slap this dumb hoe
< user > anybody who finds why they are doing here to be a bad thing has a retarded brain
when i get older i want to travel the world and try to see the world from other religious stand points
& # 8220;@therealmfast : i hate this shit like why y' all bitches think that 's cute ?
http://t.co/uxszexguju&#8221;&lt;total clothing violation
if you think that hansen had ( m)any friends while incarcerated , you really have n't been paying that much attention .
your post comes across as yet another troll parroting the party line .
living , so how many people have you killed based on your devine perception , your infallibly perceived threat ?
you say that in the heat of the moment that it is worth taking a life because you say so ?
and that you are justified in standing your ground , always ?
and that is why you kill people , because you say so ?
because your scared ?
or you are going to show what a bad a # # you are with a gun ?
because it is a ' good ' kill ?
justified because you are scared ?
... perceived threat ?
you perceived a threat so you will shoot because you are right and you are scared because it is a threat so you are standing your ground ?
anyway , you will show them , now wo n't you .
the nuggets have shown us they can beat bad teams .
win two of the next three and i 'll put a foot on the bandwagon .
millsap still looks like a $ 10 million per year journeyman forward .
ancyl president welcomes downgrade .
ladies and gentlemen , remember no matter how fucked you think your lives are , you are not collen maine .
< user > do not do that bro watch out for them white folks lol
hitler and mussolini were left wing .
nothing anyone can say will change that fact .
hi someone please find them and have them deported to the bottom of the ocean thank u
i do n't care how threatened you feel , you ca n't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit .
but this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
asian < allcaps > girlfriend < allcaps > i love asian women .
i had an asian girlfriend once -- for an hour .
it cost me $ < number > bucks .
this bout the dumbest shit cheat i m a beat yo ass his ass and his momma ass
< user > why are you smiling like you hate yourself
or even ....... gasp ! ! ! ! .......
a christian of no particular bias ! ! ! !
who cares? .. that ribeye steak in the photo above sure looks tasty! .. lol
been networking with a lot of black and hispanic women
zack buck unpacks flaws in states ' medicaid managed care bidding processes . #
slu_healthlaw # slu_law https://t.co/jmoeqv1x2f
report for my station at 7:00 am : temperature : 30→ relative humidity : 84↑ pressure : 29.5→ wind : 1→ from the ssw .
daily rain : 0.01 .
you are so silly civil rights gay rights trans rights movements are all for equality they just have focused mras do not fight for women rights they fight for men which is fine and all < number > feminists agree that women should get drafted done and done
yepper .
the smart white kids have chosen finance and business as their way to get rich , leaving openings in the tech fields for some nerdy asian kids with a rudimentary grasp of the english language .
enablers like pot smoking feminist jt have encouraged these uppity brown skins to shoot higher than flipping burgers or working as part of a road repair crew .
what the heck though , asking the question ‘ want fries with your burger ? ’
is still honest work .
you deem it uncivil .
i agree with it completely .
in every female bestie you will always find one lesbian 😊 😋 🤗
religious people are stupid .
" the problem , in this case , is far more about the manner of trump ’s move than the substance of it . "
thus far , donald trump has displayed the diplomatic finesse of a cinder block .
http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/the-real-risk-behind-trumps-taiwan-call
@brianedwards totally , if someone basically built a version of this that was tweetdeck circa 2012 i think people would flock .
what time do the japanese go to the dentist ?
< number >
we need to talk sbout how east asians and jews benefit from white privelege i mean no one ever complained about being pulled over for driving while yellow have they
for fucks sake the negroe men in africa prefer their women to be lighter skinned in brazil likewise in other words only far left wing white people in europe claim to not see color
@eggerdc how nice the hillsdale grad at the formerly weakling standard is embracing jihad barbie .
one thing that needs to said in this article were it mentions " " ... check the oil ... " instead of just checking it ,   using quality synthetic in the engine and transmission replacing the petroleum based oil will go a long way to keep your vehicle and equipment running and protected .
petroleum based oils will go solid at alaskan temperatures .
rh
" mr. president , the   chinese just invaded taiwan " .
" get jew boy on it ... i'm busy trying to come up with a killer tweet to put that nasty samantha bee in her place " ...
there is plenty to hold mr trudeau on , his hair is of no consequence .
you are right .
you are welcome to go through my history of comment and see that i have scorned mr harper on this issue when he was in office many times .
rights of the individual , not partisan .
pointing out the guy who is not in power and has n't been in two years did it too but not as badly is just distracting from the issue .
boycott # # boycott # # boycott chobani 's yogurt expands plants to hire more foreign refugees ..... boycott # # 
 boycott ...
< user > < user > < user > bts young forever white version and superm united version < user > < user >
being a racialist means you stop trying to hurt other white nations for the sole selfish interest of your own nation .
yeah , because redpillers have experienced that women happen to use concepts like " true intimacy ( tm ) " or twu wuv or whatever as a tool to gaslight men into accepting why they 're basically dbr'd : " the fact that i only have sex once a month with you shows that i value you and our relationship so much more than my past fuckbuddies " , and bluepilled guys gobble it up .
fuck everything and reproduce
yesterday screenshots of muhammad 's facebook account surfaced on the internet , which at least left no doubt in a disturbing way to the killer 's fidelity to allah . "
in the name of allah the merciful – every soul will die , " he wrote , and under it , " belief in almighty allah . "
why are asian eyes so small ?
because atomic bombs are pretty bright
cmd .
where in the united states constitution post the passage of the indian citizenship act of 1924 is the article and paragraph or constitutional amendment that authorizes " ... sovereign native american tribes " comprised of a select group of u.s./state citizens with " indian ancestry / race ? "
would generally agree it makes sense earlier in your career .
i do n't particularly like seeing undergrad business degrees paired with general - survey mbas though , and have seen quite a lot of that .
do something that complements the business degree , and so if the hba comes first , do something different or complementary .
sometimes you do n’t want to wait until you get home to eat pizano ’s .
we understand . & #
128247 ; by pete https://t.co/irt6b3932 t
< user > yeah but would you kill all the interns
your probably part of the america that does not understand that america has a history past an present of pissing on natives , blacks , chinese , japanese etc .
etc .. so understandably there are people of all walks of life that feel free to exercise their freedom as americans to protest .
oh pleeeze , spare us the cliché leftie knee - jerk anti - us revisionist line about the big bad americans dropping two nukes ( which btw , canada had a major part in their design & development ) on the poor innocent japanese , just because they could .
there was a conflict going on at the time , you may have heard about it , it was called ww2 and the japanese started it by a sneak attack on pearl harbor .
the 2nd general army and chugoku regional army were headquartered in hiroshima , and the army marine hq was located at ujina port(30 % of the total casualties were military ) .
as for “ japanese innocence ” more chinese were killed by japan than jews by the nazis .
google “ the 3 alls , “ the rape of nanking ” , “ unit 731 , comfort women ” , and the japanese treatment of allied pows and see how innocent imperial japan was . :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/japanese_war_crimes .
the nukes were a case of what goes around comes around and japan earned every neutron they received on those fateful days in august .
< user > < user > though our ideologies do not match but here i feel all illegal immigrants should be deported irrespective of any religion
“ let ’s agree to disagree . ”
translation : you ’re so painfully wrong on every conceivable level that i just need you to shut up now .
@vulpixed @zoe_trashgoblin @traineryeliow i m a lesbian and i can be attracted to men sometimes .
demanding that we adhere to labels and their bounds rigidly is literally the opposite of queer liberation .
the labels serve our expression .
we do not conform our expression to the prescription of the labels
' in january , assange said he stood by an offer to go to the united states providing his rights were upheld and if former military intelligence analyst chelsea manning , ...... was freed . '
i do n't think he would go to us now that manning is freed .
he is not a man of his words .
he skipped bail after supporters and friends raised money and put up collateral to meet the bail condition and left them out cold .
he can always say he is not going because his right ' is not upheld ' .
an excuse .
he also said he will not forgive or forget the investigators .
we all know what does it mean .
he will use his favorite weapon , leak private information among others to exert revenge on these people and sweden .
just a matter of time , stay tuned .
so , is it true what they say about asians ?
north korea is by far the greatest threat to global stability today .
if this piece is n't enough to make you believe that , then read this from the nyt : 

 https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/04/world/asia/north-korea-missile-program-sabotage.html?_r=0 

 the north koreans hired a bunch of unemployed russian missile scientists in the 90s .
that is why their program has progressed so far , so quickly .
the chinese government has propped up the north korean regime , despite its open nuclear ambitions and constant threats of using them .
it is time we drew the line with the chinese on north korea and many other global trouble spots .
trump is an ignorant fool and he has surrounded himself with warmonger zealots .
i would n't be planning any travel to anywhere near korea in the next couple of years .
parents who think being lgbtq+ is just a phase are the problem .
you did the right thing , always stay true to yoursef and remember , you can be happy no matter what your orientation is , even if you do n't have one :)
jade helm bla bla bla .
and your guy is the bigger liar .... so enjoy your new america .
better learn russian and chinese .
first of all , that 's racists .
secondly , are you saying it 's ok to reduce brown people to this type of labor ?
so your argument for illegal immigration is so they can do they hard , very low paying shitty jobs white people do n't want to do ?
mscorsvw one of the more retarded features of windows launched after updating net to rebuild optimize assemblies ms offloads cpu time and energy costs onto consumers because unique system configurations imply they can not ship pre built assemblies true yes hurts performance yes
keep getting angry while we steal all your women and impregnate them .
lol your own asian sluts do n't even like small dicked males like u
my real story about < number > times with < number > different girls for you guys [ removed ]
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > so you just blame trump supporters to be white supremacists and only care about checking if people are bots you do not care about antifa but care about shootings i can call people who shoot up places and antifa a terrorist threat but you ca nt
there it is ... ca n't prove a damn thing and is simply being a racist pos .
what the f does it matter who does what crime .
i 'll call apd and report anyone anytime so all of you better not speed like an a hole , tailgate , run with busted light and like and ass drive through my hood looking out of place or give me the slightest inclination you are up to no good cuz i 'm a human lie detector and white black mexican asian polynesian i could care less ! !
all you law breaking pos are gon na go down sooner or later in my town and even if apd does nothing with my calls as i give them your plates or description , next time you have a run in with them i doubt they 'll be letting you off the hook .
simply being an ahole on the roads has me calling you in cuz you 'll likely risk my life or someone else 's with your disregard for public safety let alone your children buckled in the back seat .
this is a warning i 'm looking for all you .
you will never feel the love of a female 
 how does this make you feel ?
illegal aliens storming a nation 's borders is definitely an invasion .
millennials : boo boo i have so much college debt also millennials : undocumented migrants definitely deserve free college
just do n't pay it !
that 's how the obama administration would do things .
don , to quote a phrase enunciated by fr .
tom doyle ( in robert blair kaiser 's book " whistle " ; on tom 's steadfast witness ) that probably the " two polar regions " are the only places free of clerical child abuse .
prophetic words .
eat my dick   i do n't have a dick
sorry sisters and brothers but she lie to you she was not what she said she was fake used me and a other brother the same time so watch her ?
say safe goldeboy 88
i wish i had superpowers 
 would make me cope much beter having powers like flash or spider - man .
< number > intensity by anyone wearing black and gold right now fans included
must kill collabvm users for the glory of allah
it was an executive order signed by president obama in 2010 which exempted congress and the staffs from aca .
the democratic leadership knew that they would lose the necessary votes if congress critters lost their gold plated health insurance .
this is all the democrats , not republicans .
it is a ridiculous arguement to bundle all ' visible ' minorities in a bunch and credit them to vote for the liberals as a sheep .
we have had ' visible ' minorities now since 1968 onwards , and that is 2 generations home grown .
by and large , these think different than their parents and have their own opinion .
i , am a south asian ' visible ' minority and have never been enamoured by the liberals , though ever grateful to trudeau elder for opening up canada to folks like us .
all along , while i have always felt that ndp has been canada 's conscience and harbringer of the best of our values , including our healthcare , i have found it as without a stiff back , when standing up to our heritage of secularism , love of logic , arguement and above all a sense of decency , which as an immigrant of over 40 + years , i find increasingly corroding in the name of multiculturism .
it is high time that canada assert to what values it stands for , and immigrants accept it or go elsewhere .
this is what i think .
thank you
wait .
is she fucking her bosses husband ?
bc ..... #lhhatl
# hataonmc   # saynotonmcbill   @who @drharshvardhan
this is the most drama i have ever seen about a dog .
i lost it over everyone jerking off to an old dumb ass lady getting tazed .
the comments were really gross .
bhopal gas tragedy killed 15000 indians yeah while you are here , please send bob
the dirty wee paki that lives beside me came to my house there very upset said racists have been putting threatening letters through his door turns out it was a fiver off soap coupons
retweet this you fucking cummy fags 💦 💦 💦 💦 💦 subscribe to see full 5 mins + massive cum shot url url
we are awake not woke let not butcher the english language we are not peasants or ghetto
@rarply @sansdn besides you do n't peg anyone down .
i am a nobody really .
as are you .
your obsession about my morals & out of that comes your bitter personal attack show how mentally troubled you really are .
and this is probably a collective mental affliction affecting all of arab muslim world .
< user > < user > < user > they are the best man the ultimate muslim shoe white ones are doubly good reflective ones triply
do not need to bitch about them because they did not support trump and just like karl rove they are now part of the stale old right rino hunting season underway soros still lives if you think koch have more political influence than soros you are either naive or being intellectually dishonest
hey let set up a small white ethnostate inland somewhere the globalists will not serbian our asses
yes .
actually , they are .
@revrrlewis as a straight man , i do n't understand why anyone needs validation for who or what they find sexually appealing .
jesus , i really hate to admit that kizla is right , but this team is truly in free fall .
the asians are gon na chuck all of us in the oven
he managed to articulate what for me has been only knowable but inexpressible at least through words words my constant struggle about what it like to grow up within the ex yugo context in my case 1 st generation immigrant to macedonian parents
it 's all in fun gary ..... something you obviously know little of .
that is what the article said .
she was found in a closet in a nearby home , then fought the troopers , probably with her fists .
would you like being spit on with blood , not knowing what , if any diseases she may be carrying ?
if she has aids , she could be charged with attempted murder .
others have .
i just threw up a little in my mouth .
that goo is dripping off face of his sycophants but they still defend him .
gurggly bubbly words try to form but bubbles is all that project from their mouth .
it gets worse as he loads up and squirter them with his manly bully tweets .
he hoses down his followers but they scream for more .
sad .
ivanka and melania are silent .
you told me about fred when i asked about donald ?
man if y' all do n't shut y' all bitch asses up gotdamn url
i don ’ t get females 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♀ ️ there ’ never pressure behind no nigga dumb dumb 😂 🤝
... do n't forget that rural alaska native corporations received billions in contracts .
i 'd like to know where that money went and in whose pockets .
it sure does n't appear it trickled down to the subsistence rural families .
more immigrants quick .
especially wealthy chinese who do n't even live here !
so am i , i 'll let them sit there for days before i reply , even if i ' m hanging out here .
why do thai women always seem to fall for drunken bums who physically abuse them 
 ... then they claim that all thai men are bad and go for white guys on the other hand decent hard working thai men are ignored and not given the time of day
that 's how you do celebrate each other 's accomplishments , very proud moment as a black man of 53years old and i am not a fan of that team up north but as a black man i understand what this means to these men to see their brother and friend to be elevated at this level .
lol at these low iq , antiwhite bigots whining because whites will not be replaced in our own nation !
@thewiseonewon @lovemyman _ @realdonaldtrump thumbing his nose at our immigration laws & proud of it by posting this video !
i want him arrested & charged for human trafficking & he should be sued for all medical expense incurred by the tax payers because of his illegal actions !
he wants to be a coyote treat him like one !
😡
you think hiroshima inflicted a disease on the american psyche where they think they can just drop bombs and ' good ' things happen
careful what you wish for , you always wanted to feel a huge cock up your hole bitch so now whimper all you like , squeal & cry that ai n't gon na stop this bull from raping your boi pussy apart he 'll only stop when he is done and shoots his load and breed you url
bust that ugly nigga eye out
at no stage must the door of pension funds be opened for financing of soe 's .
once this happens the hotse will bolt and the pension funds will be left pennyless in the end .
the best / only thing to do is to take extreme measures to ensure that soe 's are governed / managed properly so as.not to bleed r billion every year , only to be refinanced by some " frivolous " argument .
those entities must be governed in such a way as to finance themselves and not depend on outside help as is done so easily as at present .
is this so difficult to understand ? ? ? ?
i m not racist , but there are three colors : black , yellow and normal
there nothing but scumbags who arrive in the uk and expect everything for free < number > of them do nt work < number > of the rapes carried out on british children are carried out by pakistani muslim men it must stop now britain first fighting back ocs
disgusting hysterical title ...   first of all there are many violent extremists on the left and the affirmative action case is actually on behalf of asian - american students .
i do n't recall jesus calling for health care in schools of the day .
he cut out the middle - man , spit on some dirt and applied it to blind peoples eyes .
an unusual remedy that would have probably caused him to be banned from school if he tried it here .
and you 're literally a mongoloid
hello faggots and weenies
i dot get why asians are so good at math they can barely see the numbers
true enough no young doctor wants to take over an existing medical medical practice in such unstable times with a crazed dictatorial government acting in such a contemptable manner .
no young doctor is going to sign leases etc . ,
and take the responsibilities onto his/ her shoulders either alone or with their friends .... so the ageing doctor is forced to cut back , to slow down ... and when the lease comes to an end .... to close the practice .
you 've not taken a jet boat out in pws often , have you ?
if you stick to the arm and in reasonable weather , it 's a fine way to catch some fish .
a prop is obviously better , but not everyone has that option .
i 'm sure dermot did n't take his riverboat out to hinchinbrook .
hi the time is 04:23 , the temp is 23.06 celsius and the pressure is 1014.92 mb https://t.co/1hbpcivibj
employers are hiring at a lower wage here because colorado is the " hip " place to be- no need to pay higher wages when people will move here without worrying about how much they will paid .
just got ta be in colorado !
and then when you are hired you will usually do the work of 2 or 3 people too .
if you are reading this .
people like you set the human race back .
faggot
she 's gross or should we say he 's gross !
sick to death of the idiots out there thinking they 're privileged while they shit all over the people who fought , so they could have freedom and rights ! ! !
@aoc @kboivi07 these filthy foreigners all need to be deported !
every single one is an indian slum where we all eat our own shit and die except r / coaxedintoasnafu
not enough outrage for tommy arrest if he gets thrown in jail he will die in the hands of these fucking rabid inbred paki sullahs rotting in uk prisons uk is quickly becoming a shithole i fear for my family living there free tommy
i was on the beat when i got a call in for domestic violence at a lesbian couple house when i arrived one of them said what took you so long i am sorry miss i replied i stopped at the shop to get some popcorn and baby oil
huh ?
highly educated and skilled asians and indians are n't even white !
lol 
 all this law does is stop countless illegals that game the system with anchor babies from applying for green cards for their immediate family back home in mexico .
everyone else with skills and something to contribute to our growth and success is very welcome .
i was thinking about how small asians eyes are and it got me thinking , was pearl harbor an accident ?
how do you say “ autistic ” in chinese ?
dead .
women will always have tits .
meanwhile rome has fallen .
checkmate .
do you think a < number > year old girl is following weev around on gab i seriously doubt it i bet ion is a guy like richard spencer creepy gay stalker on twitter
stfu you putz .
we are not racists .
you are the one demonizing half the country .
americans are not evil if they want legal immigration .
my god - @joenbc is sick .
url
mentally retarded u ar .
👍 👍 u foreigners use only tissue paper to wipe off ur shits ass , u even do n't wash ur shits ass , what a fuck ? ?
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 but we indians use water to clean our shits ass properly and then wash our hands two times , understand , u foreigner fuckers .
finders keepers , losers weepers is apparently not a good enough reason to kidnap children from playgrounds
lmaoooo @buddynolove @s0ulfulbrotha @_savagebody @timxmack @justpaulplease @royal_heat @gymserialkilla6 these are all upstanding gentlemen who respect women and mind they own business .
< user > how about you get the overwhelming amount of heterosexuality off my gay ass tv first and then we can tackle the significantly fewer pieces of queer rep that you clearly take such issue with obviously to protect your daughter whose sexuality you have no control over anyways
with each page i read of " white power " i see more of myself in george lincoln rockwell .
half - life 2 : episode 2 had an ending that i actually cried about .
the screen goes dark , you can still hear the sobs , and then the credits start .
i did n't know i could get so emotionally attached to a bunch of polygons like that .
i 'm finna slide into the dms * depressive mood disorders
< user > singapore hdb should be questioned if chinaman satanist lee hsien loong enquired about the purchase in < number > marsiling lane singapore in < number >
how do the chinese make hotdogs ?
a dachshund between two aborted fetuses
guys only want one thing and it 's fucking disgusting
those minority women should be deported there not wanted here there trash
yes we do really know all the facts .
it 's all on video start to finish .
the rapper and his bodyguard and entourage were followed and harassed and then had to defend themselves yet the shit swedish law is heavily skewed to protect the latest addition to the swedish gene pool aka there " migrants " .
it is time to put an end to this nonsense of allowing women to serve in any and all combat positions .
it is another liberal social experiment that should never have started .
been solid but all these bitches do is fold ew
haisha ?
move to japan you fucking fag .
hurr durr i m an amine .
yeah fuck off you literal veggie
the white men ca nt keep their pants up they are screwing the blacks asians hispanics jews do nt guide your sex dealings
pour your misery down , pour your misery down on me pour your misery down , pour your misery down on me
jews defends jews regardless muslims defend muslins regardless christian european attack christians christian people are on their own and jews and muslims have another home we don ffs we do not why can not people understand that it not that difficult
if dems ca n't win the debate based upon logic and reason , they must change the rules of the debate in their favor .
the middle east now is n't 1930s europe , substantially different historically , culturally , religiously .
the me was ' broken ' by western powers ( who thought they were exceptional and superior ) meddling in the great game long before our time .
iraq is an artificial country , like an mma octagon with several oppositional fighters in a free for all .
the ' shambles ' has long been there , in great part because we egoistical , civilized westerners think we have the christian right to ' do good ' , just as we 've mistakenly thought we were the bulwark against communist hordes in se asia .
you assume that by staying in iraq and elsewhere in the middle east , we can ' fix it ' and bring western style democracy there .
good luck with our being an occupational force .
once again , it 's that haughty , condescending , falsely superior christian attitude of thinking you / we know better than those ' muslim savages . '
we are reaping what we have sown , more so because of that ignorant racist buffoon in the white house .
i too have ancestors .
my father was an oppressed black gay man in trinidad where it was not safe to be gay .
he married my mother who was an indian ( of what sub - tribe we in the family could never discern ) lesbian from jamaica .
they married and moved to cuba to escape prejudice and liven in a worker 's paradise .
i was born physically challenged - no legs - due to a birth defect on my father 's side and have asian features as the result of a recessive gene .
i am transgender .
i tell you all this so you will understand that i too want prince harry to repent and admit that as a white man who speaks good english , he is by definition the enemy of all people with ugly minds named den - hiss , all non - white people whether they are ugly , named dennis , sherry hidustinci ' or even just jamal oblatiwhatsinslurkinginaninanename and have relatives going back 5,000 years who are all female .
gay .
indigenous .
incensed .
so racist against white people so not really racist .
correct sjw denis and pc hini - hindi ?
you ( well , not * you * probably ) also elected a president who is a massive homophobe .
sorry for brazil , crazy how one of the worlds largest gay pride parades and this much homophobia / transphobia can fit into one country .
send your skanky wife back !
you are not real isreal !
your god is satan the devil
dollar for dollar .
there how hard was that .
yes , we are miles apart .
we want to help the poor , you do not .
i suggest that if you get this crap from your guru in opus dei , then you had better quite that cult , since it does not teach christianity .
if this is your political ideology speaking , then it is similarly not christian , but rather morally bankrupt .
are you chinese ?
then what are you ?
because you do n't look like us .
@kenolin1 @andthenisleep they must be eradicated .
all of them .
this is way beyond " enough " .
it will take a decades of ( unobstructed ) hard work to repair .
it 's mind boggling that some sick fucks , still support them .
just mind boggling !
it is really premature to fight over a project that has n't even reached fid yet .
if it were me making the decision , i would walk away until sanity returns .
... when he hears " blue haired bitch " , " gamergate " , and " freebsdgirl " .
oh , dear .
that was in virginia .
i was talking about quebec .
there were no nazi flags or hitler salutes in canada , but it did n't stop the anti - immigration group from being called white supremacists and racists .
my point was the double standard --- asians get crucified because they buy real estate .
haitians get a free pass to the front of the line , even as people complain about the affordability of rental rates in the super - heated real estate market .
they got ta live somewhere , do n't they ?
i typed this slowly because you must not be able to read very fast .
after reading my reply , am i still a racist in your books ?
why attaching a nazi swastika to the us kikes already own us do you want another genocide as hiler done on white people of europe and russia and no hitler schicklgruber wasn t racist he was purely bred jew and his ss army had yids niggers arabs and asians
" @erikssonmalin85 : why is a man afraid to commit to woman he really loves ? #
questionsformen "   sexist biased divorce laws will ruin his life .
what happens when you elect ghetto girls
i 'll tribute your gook slit eyed yellow whore
i have always considered myself a person who is not influenced by a person 's gender , sexual preference , or race .
that being said , i find that i am saddened by the state this nation is in and i do place a lot of blame on the president .
regardless of the color of his skin , the content of his character has led this nation backwards in internal and external relations .
its my perspective that he does not stand as an example for the u.s. as a nation and is quick to jump to conclusions on issues such as ferguson .
as the leader of our country his personal beliefs should not play a part in his actions .
healing this nation and leading to better days and better relations between all people should be his goal .
instead , i simply see a man who is more interested in polarizing a nation and being content that his name will forever be in classroom text books as being the first african american president instead of striving to have his name remembered as a great leader .
< user > your gf does and wtf would i lie that ching chong is giving u her stuffs
from the article you linked : > " first , let me say i regret the positions i took in the past , and the things i said .
i 'm grateful for those in the lgbtq+ community who have shared their aloha with me throughout my personal journey . "
> her statement this week went on to tout her votes for pro - lgbtq measures during her six years in congress , including a sweeping civil rights bill called the equality act and a proposed repeal of the defense of marriage act .
she committed herself to fighting for lgbtq rights if elected president .
india , pakistan , bangladesh etc all these brown asses shuld be anhilated from the earth to give a pure future to the human race .
icymi : i wrote about the history of queerness on snl — its absence and presence , and the ways we used to laugh at and with it — and compiled a bunch of favorite sketches ( and also less - favorite ones that were burned into my psyche for some reason ): url url
we need to bring in white sa farmers before they are all murdered nobody seems to care what are the dutch saying about this
why do you listen to ' chinese music ? '
you do n't even understand and they all look the same anyways .
hard to believe these actresses thought they were not going to be sexually harassed .
this kind of casting couch culture has been ingrained in hollywood culture every since it was created .
lots of women loved having this opportunity to show they had " qualifications " to be showgirls , models , stage hands , and be able to prove they had " star quality " .
it 's like trying to get into an ivy league college .
hard to do nowadays if the asians are blessed with superior intellect and your jamish kid is n't .
nice to bribe your kid in by monetary donations like joseph p. kennedy did .
did you see how the female winners of academy awards were so gushing with kudos to weistein even though they were raped by this hairy repulsive schmuck ?
i think they did n't say anything because they were willing to pay the price for entry into weinstein 's super expensive movies .
they were willing to pay what it takes to become that rare star .
rape me , brah , but please give me a job !
why are they suddenly now confessing
good idea to release that info just on general principals but do not kid yourself fam detroit ghetto ain t giving up on john conyers they will re elect that old dope for as long as he wants to run good to have conyers around as example of dem corruption for propaganda purposes tho
someday this country should try equal protection under the law for all citizens .
we have not tried that yet .
we still have a lot of work to do to become " a more perfect union " .
last 24 hours have been great insight into who has paid any attention at all to the last six years in syria ✌ & # 127997 ;
sounds like america today : 

 1917 jewish cheka secret police of ussr solzhenitsyn said , “ the cheka’s .. settle accounts outside the court system .. repressive organ — one single authority entrusted with spying, .. arresting ... directing their prosecution , furnishing .. judges & carrying out ( executions ) . ”
we have been much better than brugge we have had more chances and we have controlled the game the two chances they had they scored cuz courtois is a fucking bum
are we heading toward quotas ?
like , 10 % asians , 5 % jews , 15 % white women etc ... what is this drivel ?
it really does n't matter if you do n't believe or get that people choose to be called different than their assigned gender , it 's just a matter of being respectful .
🤷 🏻‍ ♀ ️
she should be arrested and deported
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
find yourself an asian girl .
she 'll be more docile .
it 's a lot easier being a hindu and believing in reincarnation ; if you die - no problem   - you will just come back again .
ad a real one but he look like a cambodian prostitute
you know what i like more than cookies ?
an asian with the ability to speak english without an asian accent .
good job !
how does chess relate to people in real life ?
whites always come first
interestingly i saw an article bemoaning the fact that the smarter a white person is the more likely he is to be racist so i am sure our average iq is higher than that of our race generally so we have a higher proportion of super smart as well
i fail to see what is so progressive about making fun of gays ....
i ’ m not gon na promote anything of mine free palestine 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 🇵 🇸 and eid mubarak to all my muslim brothers and sisters ❤ ️ 🕌 🌙
asian white nationalist shut your fucking filthy tobacco chewin beer drinkin dorito eatin mountain dew slurpin smelly fucking gingivitis infested fat fucking droopy shitty mouth you socialstic fat fucking dumb fuck
white boy : : ni hao !
me : : ... i 'm filipina . (
i excuse myself , irritated , and he finds me some time later ) white boy : : so , do you know lucy liu ?
i was nineteen at a college party .
i felt insulted , objectified , like the only thing worth noticing about me was ( an incorrect and stereotypical view of ) my race .
brown woman says hi .. i hope that 's cool with you 😂
this truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .
um , the dead man tried to steal my land at gunpoint and brave law enforcement officers killed the armed terrorist dead .
a big thanks to law enforcement for a job well done .
nice ass to spanking sodomize
when tillerson was in china and the chinese had agreed to impose sanctions on north korea , everything appeared to be headed a positive direction .
trump 's tweet was n't unexpected considering how good tillerson looked .
what was unexpected was the decision for nbc to release the story that tillerson called trump a moron .
just because there is gold in them thar insults should n't be an excuse for the press to lower their integrity in a time of crisis to pursue it .
so pretending to be asian , a woman or aboriginal grants you an advantage ?
i guess that puts an end to all that nonsense about ' white privilege ' .
china needs to slaughter the entire rh- lie bloodline and all that serves that bloodline .
that bloodline is mixed with the jew rh - blood and controls that country
its 5:30 pm and i just put an unknowable , eldritch amount of iced mocha java caffeinated mio brand water enhancer into this glass of water
a muslim family in # delhi was told to convert to hinduism if they want to access services such as housing , employment and education.⁣ ⁣ @un @hrw @hrw @gullybo81215487 @hrw_ar @desistupides @arvindkejriwal @arvindkejriwal @msisodia # islamophobia # india⁣ url
so the " loyalty " issue that comey reports in his memo was reported by 2 sources on may 11th , a day before the president 's tweet about tapes on may 12th .
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/11/us/politics/trump-comey-firing.html 
 www.cnn.com/2017/05/11/politics/trump-comey-loyalty/index.html 
 the " loyalty pledge " conversation does not appear , at least in a google search , anywhere prior to may 11th .
both nyt and cnn cite anonymous sources telling them about the loyalty pledge on may 11 .
so comey 's impetus for leaking the memo was not a response to the president 's tweet on may 12th .
he 's lying about that .
you afraid some mexicans are going to conquer white america fair and square ?
then you 'll be living on a reservation in montana ?
please .
you 're very stupid , but very good at convincing yourself that you 're not .
could you upload a pic of this amazing set up ?
those two women are both airheads !
who really gives a f * * * about what they have to say anyway !
+ 흔한1인 china and us used to be allies in world war 2 remember ?
you have no problem sucking us dick when they drop 2 atom bombs killing 250000 people .
ultimately , i think tv and movies have stifled creativity of thought and healthy progression of philosophy and art .
fucking coward ass mods wo n't even respond , pieces of human waste .
i 'm white , fuck you .
i hate clingy ass people .
do n't text me 100 times , do n't be all over me , just no .
reminder that the jews control the media
seems to me like this is just as much a failure in leadership and process as it is with outsourcing .
it is not like people in atlantic canada are dumber or less customer centric than those in vancouver .
if you have your own staff and own training then there is no reason why it should not have been able to work .
does this mean canada 's trade minister is going to storm out of meetings and start crying ?
lol you keep typing fuxc you dumb cunt you paki trash are way too dumb to even fix your auto correct
interesting observation there ' reader . '
i only on rare occasion use those eateries and i have n't ate at a restaurant in ages .
the creative way to cook and eat healthy for ones self at home you might say has been catching on in american culture for some time now .
i think the business aspect , with and between eateries , is on par with the capital based motivation of just about everything , including the in your face onslaught of all forms of legitimate and outright tacky advertising .
i am wondering why asian people are not offended that they are describing middle eastern goat fucking muslimes as asians in the uk
big lawsuit
religion needs to be annihilated peacefully and without tyranny
< user > < user > < user > israel is the only democracy of m.e .
with right humans from where no one muslim is refugee in eu the iranians in eu refugees are milions and often are very professionale and high education around israel the others states sharia jadh < number > virgins < number > wives shahid and bullshits same
i have a pakistani friend called stanley and i ’ve came up with a hilariously obvious nickname for him .. smelly brown cunt
extremism\ * needs to be removed from this earth .
rivers - glad you pointed out that it was during the reagan years that the govetnment cut federal funding .
during that time many were turned out to the street with significant mental health problems and no where to go but the streets .
you wrong nigger good sprinter nigger just broke 1 0 0 meter record nigger ran < number > meter nigger good at sports rap music drug selling and killing china man good at laying tracks washing laundry eating chop suy and love long sucky sucky for < number > yankee dollar
i could agree with most of what you write , but selling baby parts ?
pp must go .
< user > < user > my question is had the cop been a minority or even an immigrant and the person killed was a white woman would the judge have made the same ruling
if the sensi knows what they are doing they will break down the kata and show you how each move or movies apply to a certian kind of attack .
uno if i was white i 'd want this skin tone too 😍 ✨ literally glowing .
what happens when you boil a cabbage ?
i do n't know , a japanese guy stabbed him before i could find out .
# breaking : idf shoots , kills armed hamas operative approaching gaza border .
url via @timesofisrael
what s the dumbest question to ask a chinese person ? "
where 's my dog "
and so goes the succession reality for all .. it 's kind of like britex you do n't get to play when you leave and you can take your portion of the debt .. with you as well .
it shuts rural america up real fast when they take into account all the social and economic goodies that come along with being a part of a state and or nation .. they love the idea but it 's reality is a different story altogether .. oh and take that but ugly flag down .. it serves no real purposes except signify those who fly it .. are not americans   .. and no concept of what a free nation really is .. try reading your constitution and the bill of rights some day .. you know those governing documents that this nation was founded upon ... i 'm sure it would be a real eye opener .. much better read than mein kampf ....
literally just getting drunk men to buy me drinks at the bar .
i was one happy trans girl that night :)
he needed a more challenging academic environment ?
you people are dumb and get all your prison politics fron tv .
shocker that you are wrong too .
sure he could be raped but most likely his own kind ( asians ) will take him in but he will have to earn his stripes.he will be a soldier for protection basically .
i seen it happen way to much in the past .
a kid starts with a 4 year sentence and then stab someone and they are doing 20 .
tragic .
tragic that it took so long to finally exact some sort of accountability for decades of abuse by one of hollywood 's most powerful figures .
harvey weinstein now joins bill cosby and roman polanski in a very unwelcome , unsavory offenders club whose membership will only likely grow as more entertainment industry victims come forward to tell their own horror stories .
for many , once aspiring hollywood neophytes who have been mistreated this day of reckoning ca n't have come too soon .
i think allie is a paid forum poster to stir up the reactions .... i hate to say he or she is if allie is not paid .
plus what university or college has money to buy men 's volleyball players throughout the world .
that would not be a good investment .
men 's volleyball barely makes money for the colleges in general .
i would guess you have to give credit to that assistant coach zarkovic being a great recruiter in europe .
mens and womens uh volleyball has been great .
just enjoy it .
go bows ! ! !
just say no to munoz !
... lol no .
and you do nt think 3rd world shit holes do nt " pillage rape , and enslave " ?
lol get real .
they do it 1000x worse .
go to africa and have a look .
the 1st world also supplys trillions to 3rd world and they do fuck all with it .
europe / north america needs to be for european decent .
you can have everything else .
middle east for arabs asia for asians south america for south americans africa for africans ect fair is fair .
we can see how well they do on their own .
good luck
did you read this article :   http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/education-not-income-predicted-who-would-vote-for-trump/ ?
it suggests a different analysis of trump voters .
i agree with you about all of the white catholics ( 60 % ) and white evangelicals ( 80 % ) who voted for trump .
the nuns to whom you refer do fit into this category .
they absolutely ought to be held accountable .
it pains me that those religious who favor women priests are refusing to come out and take a position publicly .
i believe that if they would all stand together , there would be nothing to lose -- especially now .
someone that gets it .
perfect comment .
shut up you chad with your toasties and foods and cock carousels with their beta male husband 's who are getting cucked .
reeeeeee !
black pill black pill !
slut bitch whore women amirite oh god why don't they pay attention to me i'm literally a perfect specimen what fucking whores sucking tyrone 's dick amirite ? !
did i do a good impression of an incel right there ?
all so the sand niggers can rape have free tome to rape and steal from you and do not even get me started on the dc theft
geez ..... i think # northkorea may be right . #
barackobama is a monkey !
surely acts like one .
url "
< user > it ’ d be an awful shame if nazis showed up and made things worse 🤔
lol select all : ur thing to do pisces woman in 2016 full audio song - parasmani need a lil baat pakki ;) my venmo thr body
# mondaymotivaton # blog : diversity initiatives must do more to include people with disabilities .
conversations about # diversity & # inclusion often focus on gender , race and sexuality and too often neglect # disability .
so what steps can workplaces take ?
➡ ️url url
the asians who let the sea sweep out their kid , are fuckin idiots & do nt deserve that child ... they could nt even save him !
the bitch was more concerned about her purse smh
the lady in bee movie is one lucky bitch not because a bee 's in love with her ( bee - steality get it , ha ) but because she has no allergies
what 's the difference between a refugee and e.t e.t learned english and wanted to go home .
king 's adultery has been well known and talked about for decades .
he was trained at a very liberal seminary ( i believe it was union theological seminary ) and did not believe the bible was the word of god or that the blood of jesus could save anyone .
his associations with communists were also known .
same with jesse jackson , who was a well known friend of communist fidel castro and one of king 's aides .
just look at the congressional black caucus in congress : chock full of communists .
did king do some good ?
yes .
his protests were peaceful , and he sought to change the social status of black people in america through peaceful protests , which is admirable .
but let 's not paint king as some kind of saint .
he was not .
he has no credibility as a man of god .
the left is disgusting .
those sick freaks definitely push homosexuality and gay weird stuff on children like lgbtq or whatever the fuck that means .
how is this even legal what they are doing ?
same way how they make all that nasty porn and hollywood always depicting faggots , lesbians and interracial shit .
they are promoting it .
they are filth .
something needs to be done about these people .
amazing to see such kind of enthusiasm in @derasachasauda volunteers of buildings homes for the economically poor and needy ones and it is all the teachings of saint dr @gurmeetramrahim ji insan # homelyshelterforneedy url
neither of the major party candidates has any plan to rein in the deficit .
trumps tax plan would double it .
hrc would n't touch it one way or another , " wo n't add one penny " and would simply let it continue to grow as projected which means debt service will soon surpass military spending as the 3rd largest budget item after medicare and social security .
good politics i guess but horrible fiscal policy .
10 years from now no one is going to talking about trump 's vileness or hrc 's sense of entitlement .
they will be asking how we got to the sad point where much of the federal budget is simply paying treasury bond holders their interest .
45 and his administration love to see black and brown people in cages .
👿 👿 👿 but they call themselves christians 😱
this is about the stupidest law suit in a long time .
the author has it correct that you really do not know why a person is elected .
you can surmise , but you just do n't know .
all the gop in the district could have voted for the dems and all the dems could have voted for the gop , you have no idea ..... if you believe we truly have secret ballots .
but there is another point that should end this lawsuit immediately : there is no mention nor any place for political parties in our constitution and our system of government , period .
so what is a partisan other than someone who strongly supports an irrelevant association when it comes to governing and the constitution .
what next gerrymander to make sure the requisite number of blue eyed people are in each district ?
that there is the requisite number of asians in each district ?
gerrymander so that all libertarians are in a district so they get representation ?
all greens ?
my coworkers saw an ugly side of me today 😅 thanks to everyone who listened to me bitch today tho ily 😭
least where i was raised , now i could easily work as a housekeeper , gardener , nanny , cooker , you fucking name it
we need tokuda of governor or mayor .
need to make all lawmakers accountable and require them to be available to comment .
those sorry ass , dumb f**k asian senate leader has no balls to comment .
i noticed most of these asian crooks always decline comment or are not available .
many of them ca n't speak well in public anyway , all they are good for is using their ethnicity to gain the old boy network votes .
wearing their stupid looking tucked in aloha shirt .
de al cruz same thing , weak sh*t .
people need to somehow get together and start protesting or something .
ca n't keep letting these   arrogant di*ks get away with all this bs .
all while our " wonderful " poor speaking gov sits on the side with his fricken leis and that pathetic grin doing nothing for the average resident .
move like its world war 3 😂   poor guy , seems slightly autistic bless him .
why do n't you give a drivers license to orientals ?
you do not give a license to someone you can blind with dental floss
she 's the kind of crazy you 'd want to chop your dick off
reading the ut sexual assault case takes me back 2 college .
i'll never forget d walk would say do nt run trains on them hoes .
straight trouble
verified accts for all is an ok idea , but too much administrative overhead .
there are better ways , which i 've talked about in the past .
yet in chruches here in the european countries , gay people are getting married .
< user > idk if i am annoyed or sad for her self esteem honestly 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️
and gba - be sure to wear your pink * * * * * hat .
and on the other hand they do n't tax netflix because they do n't want to tax the " middle class " ..... go figure ...
my real story about < number > times with < number > different girls for you guys [ removed ]
you can be ghetto and not be ratchet i ’ m ghetto for sure but fighting all the time is ugly
wow .
people are crazy .
probably got bumped to let obama in .
i was on the ucla campus recently .
asians everywhere .
but , it is not that they are bumping asians in favor of whites .
they are bumping asians and whites in favor of blacks and hispanics .
that prince who married that asian is a freak .
imagine his half and half kids growing up and trying to marry into other royal families
i question the mental stability of any man that refers to his penis as “ mr famous ” .
you got a c in precalculus i ?
you 're asian !
you should have gotten an a !
a lot you hoes ain t lady like then wonder why you can not find a man you a slut nigga like sluts but just to fuck nun else
i wake up everyday feeling blessed that i am a citizen of the united states in india there are more cellphones than there are working toilets god bless the great men and women who made our country what it is and who fight to preserve our exceptionalism on the world stage
potential employer on the phone : : i 'm assuming that your language is japanese .
me , who is mixed - race and born in the u.s. : : um , no .
my language is english .
pissed off at the assumption that people with asian last names ca n't be americans .
a muslim family in # delhi was told to convert to hinduism if they want to access services such as housing , employment and education.⁣ ⁣ @un @hrw @hrw @gullybo81215487 @hrw_ar @desistupides @arvindkejriwal @arvindkejriwal @msisodia # islamophobia # india⁣ url
you want to know the secret to microwaving a turkey ?
ask a japanese person they learned how to back in august of 1945 , been a trade secret since .
what is it called when an illegal immigrant fights a pedofile ?
alien vs predator .
you need to join a nationalist organization so you are more part of the scene such as the nationalist party of canada .
i really ca n't believe albertans will get behind kenney 's schmaltzy sneering & ranting at quebec , trudeau and bc .
imo notley should stay on course , not stoop to kenney 's level and probably lay off the scary social conservative rhetoric .
kenney 's stomach churning enough without that going on .
it was mostly beaners and asians with the occasional nog
this idiot is committing treason .
funny how that manages to escape your attention .
i can poll 1,000 non asian - canadians in western canada and get a completely opposite result .
we do not want china having control of our technological companies or our / us defense technology .
they must be thrilled you buttwipes in central canada voted liberal , because the conservatives have been turning them down for over a decade ! ! !
i do n't really care what the motivation is for someone to shoot me .
i just do n't want to get shot .
if you feel i 'm a bootlicking racist i do n't know what to tell you .
gang activity is mainly a result of economics , not race .
i do n't actually recall even mentioning race at all .
if i did it was wrong and i apologize .
i think we should try to end all mass shootings , not just ones committed by trump fanboys .
i 'm not sure what 's accomplished by ignoring certain crimes based on the motivation or the victim .
" anyone blaming this on whites ... " 

 um , what ?
as i look at photos in the virginia town of the violent terrorists and their nazi - like military gear , i do not see any japanese or chinese or indian or black folks amongst them .
so i guess i think it is okay to blame the problem there on certain white folks ...
we 've got only one of two players in the squad playing today who has what it takes to up the game when it 's needed the most .
almost to a quarter of a billion dollars handed to one company .
a quarter of a billion .
the difference in this controversy , diverdan , it 's not your call ; have you read the criteria ?
of course not , it 's your word agreeing with erin 's word , disagreeing with those others who support this process as pono .
are you saying the burial committee is ignorant of the history of po`e hawaii and would n't know a native skeleton from an asian or filipino .
now that 's your arrogance talking stupid !
yes and the borders are outlined for the jews to inhabit the rest is colonised by arabs israel the only country to have its borders spelt to in the bible
i believe yours is a very narrow opinion that does not consider that local ag , as well as all local businesses that depend on imported materials , would benefit from lowered prices .
local ag would have to compete with a larger influx of imported goods but at the same time the price of imported materials such as fertilizer would drop accordingly .
so would everything else .
but the bottom line is , as the author pointed out , the jones act is protectionism , which at it 's core is another example of cronyism .
government controlling things they have no business controlling , and by doing so hurting everyone , except for the select few .
in other words it 's another government handout to the rich .
corporate welfare .
caelus just drilled two very expensive wells in smith bay , perhaps they did n't find what they were hoping for .
i do n't care if they leave the state .
in fact , i 'd be happy if all the oil was shut in and left in the ground .
at this rate , my grandchildren might not be able to see a coral reef or new orleans because they will be either bleached to death or flooded under rising sea levels .
we all know the law and our responsibilities out there on the road .
that 's beside the point i 'm making .
do you know why we have legislators ?
why , it 's because we need constant refinement of the laws under which we live !
let me comment on the " unlimited visibility " you mention .
the vision of the person driving the second car had of the stopped vehicle was obscured by the first car , and only when the first car swerved at the last moment to avoid the stopped car did the person driving the second car have the same unobstructed view of the stopped car , but by then it was too late and the driver of the second car did not , or was not able , to similarly swerve and avoid the collision .
if nothing about highway design in situations like this changes , then more accidents like this will happen .
if odot changes their highway design as i suggest then fewer tragedies like this will happen .
i am not content to absolve odot or to tolerate inept highway design .
i also reject your smug tone .
< user > < user > yeah and virus will not effect muslim 🤣
i wish trump would deport this cunt .
what s the difference between an indian woman and a dishwasher ?
one pays you and you got ta pay for the other
fucking speertards , right ?
heydrich is the only viable option .
only he can ensure that the reich lasts a glorious thousand years . '
freedom ' is for homojewish italians and " look at me i 've got 179 different ethnicities in my dna " americans .
fuck people who act racist as a joke .
i do n't give a shit if you think its edgy and cool .
in a country where the president himself is openly racist you should fucking know better .
a muslim 's biggest fear : [ removed ]
sad news .
mark was one of canada 's most distinguished researchers as is illustrated by his receipt of both the order of canada and membership in the canadian medical hall of fame .
he was also quite a character and he 'll be missed by canada 's community of virologists .
my condolences to mark 's family and friends .
beat a guy from bejing in the world jousting final found a chink in his armour
the white men ca nt keep their pants up they are screwing the blacks asians hispanics jews do nt guide your sex dealings
my positions are determined by wrong and right , not black and white .
paul 

 i am using sarcasm about the italians .
after all , i could also have said they invented fascism -it is an italian word .
i have seen a lot more tarring of arabs and muslims by people who have an extremely unidimensional view of the arabs .
and a unidimensional view of the world ( a personal favourite is " asians are not creative .
they spend all their time rote - learning .
they have not written any famous books , plays , poems , etc .
culture is mainly western - beethoven and mozart are the greatest musicians in history . ) .
every country , according to these geniuses , has one or two cliched basis .
for india it is the caste system and arranged marriage .
arabs are anti - female and terrorists .
africans are violent and lazy .
and so on .
yes that has so much to do with the relevance of what she is saying .
do n't forget that the president of the united states was sued for running a fake university , see how that works ?
justin , when you 're trying to sell us a whopper ... use the right word please .
it 's yuge ... not huge .
i ca n't stress it enough , a # sissy should lock her useless # clitty in # chastity .
sissies can only cum in their cage while being fucked in their # boipussy # sissyslut # sissyslave # sissification # feminization # sissytraing # crossdressing # cumslut # sissified # sissygasm # sissyboy url
wow , what a day so far ! !
thanks to everyone who came to bb so far today !
we are looking forward to another busy supper !
if she had been open , honest , and a lot less hypocritical there would have been no need for a " tip " , now would there ?
nice try at deflecting and fabricating .
@jasonkuznicki you were n't swayed by the video evidence that maybe the chemical attacks were n't real in the first place ?
look at the price of shit in tis bitch
" he said his previous warning of “ fire and fury ” if pyongyang threatened the u.s. again might have been too soft . "
.
this is what a madman sounds like .
history will not be kind to this tin - star , spoiled brat .
trappysaruh , how can i get my bussy blasted by a sexy trap , at the club or otherwise ?
janny tranny preferred but not necessary .
i do n't want no yellow man bagging my groceries .
this ignorant nigger
my grammar nazi mate has recently become a born again christian now all he talks about is jesus and his twelve apostrophes
kanye just be minding his own business an you all niggers go out of you all way to slander an hate
what a retarded paki
the left is disgusting .
those sick freaks definitely push homosexuality and gay weird stuff on children like lgbtq or whatever the fuck that means .
how is this even legal what they are doing ?
same way how they make all that nasty porn and hollywood always depicting faggots , lesbians and interracial shit .
they are promoting it .
they are filth .
something needs to be done about these people .
< user > t < user > oh no he stood there and grinned what an absolute imbecile you are truly retarded
" if you text or message me " " what s up " " there s a 100 % chance i 'm going to ignore you , at least try to say something interesting & # 128580 ; "
< user > < user > you got it right there is no excuse for the violence amp destruction her rhetoric is appalling
you wanna know what i miss about college bonus dollars paying for food is ghetto as hell
< user > ted you grow some balls i bet you hate your name is not smith
if i damaged my car because ignorant frick - faces do n't know how to drive around a mcdonalds imma be super pissed .
why do japanese people have such squinty eyes ?
atomic bombs are pretty bright .
i want a hug from a black man that smells good and has big arms .. and even squeezes my back fat .
numbersusa : 

 " roy beck , the executive director of numbersusa , which pushes for reducing immigration , said the deal that mr. trump envisioned , like previous grants of amnesty , would bolster both illegal and legal immigration levels , flooding the american labor market .

wiliki ?
paddock acted alone .
if he sold guns , law men would know about it .
paddock was not muslim .
millions of security cameras , not one shows your " mystery " man .
stop .
george washington would have had you hanged for being a cuck faggot the founders did not create the us constitution for every zipperhead jigaboo dothead kike goatfucker faggot and tranny on the planet
unfortunate the whole mess .... but one has to wonder when the " bavarians " will crank up that infamous war machine of theirs .
if , and , no doubt when they do , it wo n't bode well for anyone in their path .
is retard a pronoun
oh what do you know .
@ambassadorrice does n't like recent revelations regarding # ricegate .
if you can stand the what , do n't jump in fire
probably got bumped to let obama in .
i was on the ucla campus recently .
asians everywhere .
but , it is not that they are bumping asians in favor of whites .
they are bumping asians and whites in favor of blacks and hispanics .
stop throwing share and ganging up on other girls with your weak ass friends just to make yourself superior
algeria won the africa cup last week , and these algerians in france found a special way of celebrating , harassing 2 french women then relieving them of phones etc .
url
i was born a muslim i am a muslim and in ’ sha ’ allah i will die a muslim and you
ancyl president welcomes downgrade .
ladies and gentlemen , remember no matter how fucked you think your lives are , you are not collen maine .
it disappointing that the council stepped back from doing what 's right , and instead let themselves be led by fear and stupidity .
people love to pull out the constitution when they want to oppose things , but this was not a constitutional issue , just like the state legalizing marijuana use is not .
it was the city deciding to step up and say no to hate and prejudice .
people were talking about safety issues regarding ' those ' immigrants .
but the thing is , voices of fear and prejudice said the same thing about the irish , the jews , the italians , the chinese , the japanese , against african americans , ... the list goes on .
langley now can go on record of supporting more madness from king donald , the man who brought back the monarchy to the our nation .
i 've got an idea , how about everyone stop killing everyone else over religious ideas ?
that might work
i planned on getting stuff done today , but ended up sleeping the day away .
fu , ovaries .
efffff youuuuuu .
redditors are fucking scum like " oh look at me completing a normal fucking himan function"and redditor fuckijg nigger retards will give them comment rewards bought with irl money for it what is this fucking website " oh my god she so brave lookk!!!- ! "
shit the fuck up
dear @shireenmazari1 is your baby w - h - o - r - e sleeping with uncircumcised indians these days ?
url
" oh boys , would you two faggots stop making so fucking much noise , im trying to sleep ! "
if yo bestfriend do nt call / act like ur girlfriend when she see a ugly nigga trynna yike w u at a party they ai nt your bestfriend , period .
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white people altright hdnw jewfreeamerica
great video : : the kkk 2 party system narrative with gs taj tarik bey ( every so - call black people need to watch this video ! ! ! ! ! )
yes , there are two sides , each composed of several factions .
on one side you have " fighting whities " composed of white supremacists , nazis , skinheads , the kkk , and other ancillary hate groups .
on the other side you have many types of americans including : jews , blacks , hispanics , muslims , asians , non - racist whites , and anyone else who gives a darn about this country .
i belong to the latter group .
not sure about you .
hmm , perhaps a little self serving legacy protectionism ?
this ignorant nigger
must kill collabvm users for the glory of allah
the left hinges entirely on the notion that white people are obligated to share any homeland with niggers muslims jews latinos hispanics indians hindus etc asians and any other brown or black third worlders maga altright
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
fukumoto is one of ours .
you may disagree with her politics .
you may not like her personality or tactics .
but , locals vs. anyone else , you back the local ( local hawaian , local asian , local haole .
from here .
of here . ) .
particularly when attacked by a white supremacist .
go back to china .
as to " catholic church can play vital role in healing the nation " , one is tempted to say , " physician , heal thyself " !
the deep - down problem is culturally ingrained mistreatment of women as secondary to men , even , as ' play things ' .
presidents are n't immune from this social defect , nor are hierarchy .
it starts in the garden of eden myth , and continues in male self - identity as divinely privileged over females .
here 's the place for social action , not just dialogue , but action .
a big step forward would be for church to acknowledge female co - equality , including place in church , including ordination of women , and ending pretension of divine preference of males over females .
let the ' dialogue of social action begin ' , beginning with the original sin of violating the human right of women , from the ' garden of eden ' time to the present time .
the church continues to be part of the problem .
religious dialogue characterizes political dialogue .
religion profoundly qualifies politics .
and always will .
if you do this , that still makes you a racist .
if you fuck a goat just because it 's the most disgusting thing you can think of , you 're still a goat - fucker .
white people vs black and brown people will be race wars on the earth
< user > she cares more about opening the economy then all those who have dies from gun violence dana the witch at it again
amazon !
the republican legislature had its opportunity to veto the guv .
instead , as usual , they did nothing .
honey maker , fat fuck , and yellow cunt .
spending addiction i pay all cash no need for the atm that for ma mama she scared niggas might rob her
ik kibum knos he 's a meme but i wonder if he knows just how far him dressing up as a clown has spread like he is the face of gay stan clownery across so many sites and fandom circles now 😭
when your homeboy(s ) say you fucked up , you really fucked up
local tried trans mom , can relate .
😑
time for an ethnic cleansing
even queers like beers international beer day
m1 playful relationships are just try this woman is how engagement beim ersten mal eine solche leute
you must subscribe to the spicer way of looking at things .
it 's not a debate as the pictures were very clear , many empty seats .
you can also the say the earth is flat , but you be wrong as well .
britcops are cowards they know the whites they arrest for speaking the truth will not blow them up or cut their throats like a sand nigger might
aclu hinders immediate reaction , frustrating common sense approach while the situation simmers .
poor taxpayers .
> racist ass chink bitch do n't want the bbc .... smfh .
she probably a trump supporter .
so many conflicting emotions , what a ride
ship them out ! ! !
all of them .
make america white again .
not a citizen ?
here illegally ?
fu .
blacks and foreigners ruined this country .
what kind of retard would put mooslem women and honor in the same sentence and anyone can see where their head is at by using the word keep women hell i do not even keep my cat and no westerner ever forced plastic surgery on me a fucking islam apologist wrote that shit
kirishima best boy president of the respecting women club top < number > feminists of all time defender of lesbians sweet baby kirishima
i stopped at " trudeau still has time to learn ... " 

 even in his own words , in his ghostwritten " common ground " , trudeau was an academic failure , a disappointment to his putative father .
innumerate , an engineering school dropout , a dunderhead .
when you take a flat - faced , acne - scarred , whiny - voiced dunderhead,-- someone who with another surname might have wound up as a roofer ( even then probably falling down on the job),-- fill his thin cranial space with obsolete marxist ideology , tell him he 's a leader , a hunk,-- very bad , even excrementitious things start to happen .
the trajectory with this dunderhead as hijacker of the plane of government , is a steep downward one for canada .
my dad just tried to prank me by saying my chemistry teacher who i have a mutual hatred for needs me to phone her about something urgent ...
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
these 4 worthless terrorist cunts need to be gagged , tied up and thrown in a shipping container and sent to n korea as a gift to kim jung un never to be seen again
dude ?
lol ?
c'm on you were doing ok till you said lol .
that 's hardly being humble .
what should you do if your soda is too warm in a chinese restaurant ?
call for ice .
# migrant crisis : self - immolation exposes # un failures in libya - ⁦@bbcworld⁩ we need to evacuate asap the # people in the detention center and implement # safeandlegalroutes url
trading penis size for height 
 how much would you guys do i m 5 ft 7 and around 6.5 inch 

 i d go down to a 3.5 incher myself to become 5 ft 10
i think it 's great .
it shows she does n't care about gender norms and is n't afraid to express herself .
we spoke once about our own sub forum , but answer was strict .
my ching chong is so cutie
@kenolin1 @andthenisleep they must be eradicated .
all of them .
this is way beyond " enough " .
it will take a decades of ( unobstructed ) hard work to repair .
it 's mind boggling that some sick fucks , still support them .
just mind boggling !
my grammar nazi mate has recently become a born again christian now all he talks about is jesus and his twelve apostrophes
wwe&amp;mcmahons 4us fans were glad talent beginnin 2come up but u need 2listen also 2us thefans($money$machine$ ) !
ur 2predictable change needed
@electionlawctr @jypetwice fun facts about japan : immigrants are less than 2 % of the population .
accepted twenty ( 20 ) refugees in 2017 .
crime rate is four times less than u.s. outperforms u.s. on literacy , longevity , voter turnout and numerous other social indicators .
but , hey , " diversity is our strength "
today is international day against homophobia , biphobia and transphobia , which is sadly still needed today .
we will always challenge inequality in the workplace and society . #
idahobit # equality # joinunison url
back of a bus on a truth or dare when i was in high school , when a moment seem to last forever .
mandated diversity quotas doing good things ..... love multiculturalism
why are japanese people always so skinny ?
we all know what happened the last time there was a fat man in japan
i know there women who lie about getting raped but when there proof how tf can you justify that cause it your boy you all niggas are real life weirdos you all mothers should of never birthed you all forreal mal paridos
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i 'll rape your fucking family if you do n't leave you semite bastard .
i will shoot you if you return , because you 're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick .
shalom .
we came in ?
this story is likely to end of its own accord .
it has been around for much of this year and is getting long in the tooth .
it has been beaten to death .
there is not much more to say although reporters continue to serve up snippets of detail to titilate readers .
the basic issue is the potential for those attending fundraisers to influence senior politicians .
so far there is no evidence this happening , just rumour and speculation .
even if there is influence that does not mean it is wrong .
politics is all about connections .
to get connected one must attend functions like these .
to ask our politicians to live in a bubble is to ask them to makes themselves irrelevant .
if it was not for the media 's relentless need for material to fill its pages this issue would have gone away months ago .
it is not that important .
> what do you think happens when an immigrant moves here ?
in general ... they get wealthier
i 've maybe found gambler youtube account 
 the account 's name is " yitzhak yuval einzelganger "
i ordered a calculator from china ... all i got in the mail was a chinese kid
nice !
as a bi couple , we thoroughly enjoy bi dad friends =)
that kind of a put down towards asians is not it sounds racist muslime is not a race so fuck muslimes
jeff sessions just announced " daca is being rescinded . "
< user > < user > i always wondered why weidner acted like a faggot
today is world health day !
world health day is celebrtated on 7th april every year to mark the anniversary of ... https://t.co/ncxpswuchu
why i outta !
< user > < user > if by giving kuran or exchanging all jihadi islamic radical powers will be harmonised in india than we will donate every single penny and publish kuran and will exchange with muslims those who do not surrender to allah and mohammad they are kafirs and will force jihad jai hind
good job , brian !
the vast majority of voters in hawaii agree with you and will continue to vote for you .
the wingnuts will always be with us , but their numbers are small and mostly confined to the comment section of the hsa .
i am an american but i am ethnically chinese people often ask me what does ching chong ching chong mean i always answer it means go fuck yourself you retarded democrat speakfreely
i remain bewildered as to what msw 's conception of authentic catholicism could be .
he says the register and ewtn are mountains and rivers away from an accurate expression of catholic teachings .
ladies and gents , we have schism .
bronson kaahui , you are the one living in an alt - reality .
i have never said that the second amendment should be repealed .
not as hard as it must be for you a basic bitch libertarian desperately cuckposting retarded memes to your internet black friend to prove you are not racist
lol you 're a fucking typical racist incel .
a bunch of ignorant , poor , uneducated backward living fucks cavemen .
so hateful of everything in the world , such a sad life .
you people need help .
remove that free money .
it is not needed .
so a gook threw out all of my books long story i am putting together an amazon cart with all of my old books and some new ones anyone have any suggestions
@jasonkuznicki you were n't swayed by the video evidence that maybe the chemical attacks were n't real in the first place ?
< user > you incite violence you are proud of it mass shooters white van driving maga bombers racists rapists and dirty cops you should be charged with obstruction threats and witness tampering you goon
here 's how to fix it all !
pack ! !
you have a problem , you see that country you came from , get with it dis ! !
you the terrorist you mean ? ?
because it is what i mean so take your prayer rugs , liberalism , quran , hadith , muhammed , allahs and find mecca !
yes irish people are essentially the blacks of whites and germans are the asians of whites its so obvious ch commenter
fuking garbage radical scum !
posting nonsense again you want jnk merge with pakistan and make it into another terror hub?filthy trash ! !
abbi chase really thinks she that bitch me because i am that bitch 😛
what are the " joys of being gay "
what do you call the cross between a penis and a potato ?
a dicktater
i do n't completely understand the tattoos , but thank you for your service and sacrifice .
those men that you saved will be able to live full lives , because you were there for them .
lmao says the person who insulted me stop doing things when it done back you u bitch up and cower in a corner and try and be a victim pussy still no denial you are trailer trash and a product of incest
someone needs to make a virgin wage slave and a chad neet 
 do it
< user > add to that one of the organizers is a moslem female who promotes sharia law and has hamas terror ties much of the march funded by soros groups as well
' member when we won the tourney ?
if you voted for us , send proof & amp ; we 'll put you into a drawing for one free opening day breakfast ticket .
i disagree before the british started to hire arab mercenaries to attack jewish villages arabs and jews got along fairly well jews fought in saladin army and modern kurds are mostly friendly with jews in the roman times the idumeans fought alongside the jewish anti roman militia
recently the dp made up an article saying drinking was down ... come on if your gon na make stuff up at least be consistant .... they are trying to make the taylor swift case a big deal but when you see the shots on tv about 6 people are in line   and the station is trying to hype it up but when nothing is there you can fool the camera .
the media is a mess ....
fucking aguero .
what we could do with one like him .
at work & amp ; this guy is talking about me to his friend not knowing i 'm literally 5 feet away hearing every word coming from his fucking mouth
one reason we moved out of our ( at one time 99 % white ) neighborhood was because massive numbers of chinese moved in and i swear to you a literal rotten smell came with them .
i d say move out west were ever either b.c or alberta all white people in canada need to move out west so we can take the west back .
jojeja2 > standing up against illegals like you is not racist you jack - a$$. get a life you illegal , it 's you whom spews racism against blacks , asians , whites and others !
here 's a video of you and your la raza family promoting to kill whitey ... https://youtu.be/adfshdbgs_q?t=121
how on earth do you consider that a fair comparison ?
i 'm not criticizing your opinion but i 'm asking you to explain how the humane killing of an animal that has been discarded rather than allowing it to live a miserable life because of negligence of people .
or do you think it is more humane to allow this animal to live in a hostile environment until it is killed by eating rat poison ?
dear @china @southkorea we as one humanity are asking you to stop eating out furry loyal friends dogs and cats this is totally savage & # 128552;&#128552;&#128552 ;
when uncle charlie gets really drunk he puts on the gook ear necklace
why do blacks and asians hate sprinklers ?
because when they ’re on they sound like someone is saying “ chink chink , nigga nigga , chink chink , nigga nigga ”
iran calls america " the great satan . "
the mullahs constantly call for our death .
wake up america and smell the jihad .
url
what do you call it when an interracial couple gets paralyzed ?
mixed vegetables !
changing the constitution 's meaning is what the amendment process is for .
the scotus is only supposed to interpret the constitution in light of what it says , not based on the political zeitgeist of the decade as so many of them do now .
loosen up the concealed carry laws in the state for law abiding citizens .
hpd takes too long to respond .
if famous black millionaire athletes can not love this country that pretty decisive proof that blacks will never peaceably coexist w whites
just what the chinese do to the n.korean defectors when caught ?
china ships em back knowing the " illegal " migrant is gon na his okole whipped if not death .
to be a living fossil , they should be able to build a tepee or igloo , and how many natives can perform at least one of these tasks ?
every slant in # losangeles should be deported .
those scum have no right to be here .
chinatown should be bulldozed .
so , supernova is continuing to not respond to my facebook post , but the gaters are piling on .
interesting .
is the con run by gg supporter ?
you do not live in america nazi faggot but you vote the young nazi boy faggot parties tho
can we make an effort on a stickied post to find data on politicians who have done good things for men or said good things and then keep it in the sidebar to reference during election seasons ?
attacking the retard left is lame any way they block you for saying nices things to them
white men must change back to pre 1 9 6 0 when men married and raised their kids men worked at whatever job it took to make sure their family had a good life white men must reject ghetto morals and live for god family and america
agree with rowman .
the baker is ok refusing to make a cake with gay men on the cake , or with swastikas on it , or breasts on it .
it is not ok to refuse to make a cake for a black person , a gay person , an asian , an american indian ... get it richard stacy ?
tough concept .
i say let him refuse whatever classes of people he wants , and post it in the store prominently ... then all reasonable people can avoid him and find a baker that is not a bigot .
fake : anon has a job gay : anon throws his load at a guy
horseshit ..... i know of many asians who attended ivy league and are comfortable in usd 60,000 a year jobs .
culture is critically important and you ca n't unlearn that ..... in particular the asians .
chinky nibbas
if you do n't have a uterus and you have n't had your period in the last 80 years then you should n't be making abortion laws sweaty
" a change with important implications for cities like vancouver and toronto where chinese buyers have contributed to frenzied property trading . "
how shocking ..... but the media and government have told us that the influx of massive amounts of chinese capital is not connected to real estate market and to suggest otherwise is racist .
multiculturalism has turned many canadians into liars , and twists us into protecting the interests of the very foreign nationals who are hurting many ordinary canadians .
time for this to stop .
how are chinese kids named ?
drop em of the stairs and the sound that comes out of them is their name
the reason for the lack of affordability   is obvious .
kathleen the klepto has robbed from the good people of ontari - owe by crippling them with gigantic electrical bills .
kathleen the klepto should be jailed for making millions of people literally hydro poor .
she ’s an abomination .
i do n't feel sorry for you weak pussies that get racially antagonized by white people in public .
y'all deserve every bit of it .
that can sense of pathetic you are and take rightful advantage .
i should get myself a little group of slaves to cater to the frequent needs of my dick .
😈 🔥 🍆 i shoot big loads like this , so there would be plenty of man milk for them to share .
💦 💦 💦 source : @pigsp1 # cumshot # gaysex # bdsm # nsfw # gay url
lil pump deadass used a racial slur towards asians in his lyrics but now he out here all up in bts ass the stench
< user > < user > but remainers love fake news meanwhile in the real world everyone canyon your nazis in action
why would a asian guy nickname his private part ' mandingo ' ?
man !
where my ding go ?
< repeat > ( * with accent )
note how the blacks do not seem to be observing any sort of consistency in their ascending and descending of the stairway causing the young chinaman to have to wind his way around these irrational beast people it will not get any better china it ll only get worse get rid of them
it depends on whether trump 's policies get enacted and then whether living standards in the usa get better or worse because of them .
my bet is that trump will get some of his agenda done and life will get better for americans .
:d - and there i always thought that god is in the midst of his people , not locked behind a little light !
do not get me wrong , i am not mocking the ' real presence ' of the eucharistic offering - but to imagine that our lord is present only in the holy elements beggars belief .
the baptised , i.e. the   laity ( including the ordained ) , are also ' an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace ' , a sacrament .
mrs .
wong had a little caucasian baby .
the doctor looked at mr .
wong nervously .
< repeat > r .
wong it 's a boy , but it came out white .
mr .
wong said to the doctor have n't you heard it takes two wongs to make a white .
people have sex for pleasure and physical connection with another person , it 's always been like that , just cause you do nt like it , that do nt mean it should be enforced on everyone else .
that 's such a stupid thing to say , preaching " only have sex for kids " is not going to do shit .
you implied kids are a consequence for having sex , what is that other then a punishment ?
it would probably cause more people to end below the poverty line .
are you telling me you never had sex until you were financially secure ?
america is the only place on this planet that tells their citizens to go back to where they came from .
only place on this planet that hates folks with color .
professional magic : the gathering player receives lifetime ban for sexual assault
late last night in the morning hours i do n't know what it was but i was just in one of my trances or had an episode i swear sometimes i believe i 've multiple personality disorder need to get that checked out
being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure , her being a paedophile protecting globalist zionist cunt is her own making , as a human , and i use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart !
i better correct myself here < number > muslim invented science the universe mohamhomopedo he invented the flat earth said it was stretched out flat like a giant carpet he invented the anti earth quake machine mountains were placed there staked down with giant stakes by allhaha so the earth wo nt shake
he was a serial spanker .
would walk up to senior citizens and furiously spank their bottoms while screaming the power of christ compels thee .
the flintstones make some great pineapple sausages for my village
face off -- make america white again
o this white gurl liked chocolate dick
a lot of niggas turned gangsta after high school 👀
it 's to bad that there is n't anything like this anymore , i d sure join if there was .
cause the guy does n't like a nasty gaping vagina like that ?
only dudes who get no pussy salivate at anything with a vagina .
he is correct though only because such folk are more intelligent than dark skinned persons but can whites claim to be discriminated against by the orientals and other asians who are better at mathematics than us
face off -- make america white again
sandman 123 only anti - semitic and bigoted statements from " the squad " i guess
i daresay the only shrieking and flailing in this entire comment board is coming from your endless gibberish , a rare and useless talent that you have no other use for apparently .
< user > the lions share of african caribbean immigrants in the us have the same racist mentality as racist white americans and white europeans as a result such persons should never be allowed to portray themselves as native born black americans profiting off black american cultural
do you feel the same way about lynchings ?
what time do the japanese go to the dentist ?
< number >
rt @jihadistjoe : we muslims have no military honour whatsoever , we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men , women & children http : …
right , we should rely on illiterate facebook posters from sites that only allow facebook logins via facebook comment plugin because they are the majority .
most people are delusional and dumb as rocks and have n't learned much more since leaving high school other than how to change the tv channel .
bots ?
if you mean paid comments founded by certain asian countries , perhaps .
bring on qualified voting then we can all relax and let the smart and responsible people take care of things .
wait for the black hispanic looting
after work , i volunteer to help blind children by the way , the verb not the adjective
i m hella behind in a handful of manga and i ca n't remember what the last chapters i 've read from them are fml
i used airbnb on several different occasions around the world and i loved it !
loved it because i got more for less , more choices , bigger apartments for less money .
no wonder the hotel lobby hates is , as it gives customers more choices and takes away their fat profits , so here they come using their ' paid columnists ' to go after the little guys ( same applies to uber ) 
 sure , there have to be regulations etc .
but as an owner of the property i should be able to do whatever i feel , as long as i pay taxes ...
justin trudeau , prime minister of canada , is not out of touch with me .
never will be .
kill yourself instead
just like wynne 's green energy plan was to create new jobs , when all it did was fatten her lieberal fart catchers $ 38,000,000,000 in overpayment she by ontario taxpayers to lieberal insiders .
now we have her bribing the teachers .
why is this relevant when talking about justine ?
look up gerald butts .
canadian assets will be sold off as these so called investment she will never pay off because they ca n't when you let wynne and justine run the show , too many lieberal insiders to pay off to make anything work .
canada and ontarios 's debt will simply hasten the loss of our sovereignty to foreign companies and creditors
and the bias just keeps on coming , eh , adn ?
why will not you print my letters ?
why did santa spend so much time in china last night he was picking up all the toys
just what the paper needed .
a third story about this .
i suppose we 're just killing time until the next outrage emerges .
ehhhhhhhhh ... 

 the people shown in the videos and photos of this incident were not " old white people " ... they were young white men .
almost exclusively .
< user > < user > they have a problem with muslim refugees and rightly so
becasue pakis and russians work cheaper and are indentured servants due to h1b status rules so they must do as you say or they are deported
i 've always been proud of the igbo tribe and our culture .
yesterday made me even more proud .
you people are too fine abeg . #
ogbakoumuigboday
fucking indians i hate dis country fuck you grandpa u peace of shit
can someone help me find out what " runch " means edit : nvm i just found out , it means dog in chinese
yet the asians got it and although trump stopped it the sand people almost did
that 's why women be fat as fuck these days
but gendered language like mansplaining is ok .
because only men can be guilty .
why do so many filthy wetback half - breed spic savages live in # losangeles ?
none of them have any right at all to be here .
i 'm impressed you managed to fit the ball valve at all !
< user > do not kill yourself i will do it come on do not kill your self i will do it it will ruin the trip
< user > they resisted it for < number > years along with the nubeans in the south of sudan that is a beautiful and remarkable history of resisting evil i got ta tell u u have to read genesis < number > < number > the story of ishmael and u will see arabs today perfectly described
fuck around hit the lil hoe with no jimmy
do not give up good women still exist and are being formed everyday
we should act like comrades 
 sometimes i find posts here and everyone want to be offensive and bitter ... 

 we all know the blackpill is real , but can we stop the toxicity between us and actually start supporting ourselves like brothers ?
lol < user > ‍ is a bitch
twu 's coercion of students into signing a covenant to surrender or suspend their freedom to express their sexual orientation and be free from discrimination is , i believe , unlawful .
particularly repellent is that , if allowed , what other fundamental freedoms could twu demand that students surrender ?
why stop at rejecting lgbtq students ?
could twu not claim their religious freedoms include the right to reject jews , muslims , blacks , the ' disabled ' , foreigners , etc . ,
etc . ?
if allowed , twu could ( and likely would ) decide that their religious freedoms include the right to exclude pretty much any group they do n't like . '
religious rights ' must not become a smokescreen for bigotry .
individuals have the right to their religious beliefs and to live their lives in accordance with their chosen religion .
those rights , however , are individual , not ' institutional ' , and can not be allowed to impede the rights and freedoms of others .
there is no ' ranking ' of rights and freedoms in our constitution .
assuming the plate pictured is not the one in question since it has a 2010 sticker on it .. now living in california where we have to pay annually and a whole bunch more than license plates in oregon - snitching might be doing him / her a big favor if they are still paying california plate fees .
the article fails entirely at the exact moment when wages are introduced .
tobias can reject the offer since he has another way of obtaining a living and so will not work for less than he can get alone .
real people can not live off the land anymore so the only option for those without capital is a different job .
it 's not less a form of slavery because he gets to choose his master .
and the vast majority of people do not even have that choice .
they take this job or starve and they take it on whatever terns are offered because there are a thousand other desperate people wanting it to .
since the analogy is fatally false all the conclusions drawn from it are also false .
i m living in burnaby , all i see is chinamen everywhere ... what happened to the great colony built by the british empire ?
i like how mexicans just call all asians chino very efficient saves time
why are koreans bad at math ?
they ca n't multiply .
< user > anonymous jews
hoes always swear they nigga do nt want you but when you pull out them recipes that shit hit different 🥰
< user > it chinaman hat island over my head 🤠
it looks like our friend krekar will be winning lots of votes for anti - immigrant parties in norway 's upcoming election .
you know those fb sex memes and quotes the ghetto lit rally the ghetto
what do you call an indian with a bindi ?
target practice .
but i do nt necessarily care for jewelry right now either cuz fuck wearing it , one day ill be designing it
" he said his previous warning of “ fire and fury ” if pyongyang threatened the u.s. again might have been too soft . "
.
this is what a madman sounds like .
history will not be kind to this tin - star , spoiled brat .
twenty men translation shitskin invaders
of course gays do n't have special rights .
read your own link .
you can not discriminate based on color .
white is a color .
sexual orientation : straight is a sexual orientation .
you are making my point for me .
it 's too easy .
the baker must bake the cake for the gay couple .
if he is offended ... to bad .
the black baker must bake the cake for the skinhead .
if he 's offended to bad .
if the skinhead is part of a terrorist organization that might make it different ... but if he 's not ... like i said before ... it 's bake baker bake .
you still have not refuted this basic concept .
the little guy
does america face the same fate as london ?
immigrants who refuse to assimilate , to work & add to the fabric of our melting pot need to be removed .
we welcome immigrants who value the privilege , not a right to be here , & love the usa .
no welfare to non - citizens .
deport criminals url
@fritz kobe foaking philippine cowards without balls , only could moaning like your foaking ho mom when being foaked by my juicy c ock , coward .
i didn ’ t get a pedicure last rome i got my nails done n now my feet look brazy this is ghetto
fuck i just remembered i have a morning class tomorrow and a mock exam i am going to drop out of college is2fg
could the conservative party come up with even one person who was n't in that awful harper government ?
if they had even one sane , competent person it would be easy get rid of trudeau and his incompetent government .
japan died when those two nukes were dropped on them .
modern japan is nothing more than a glorified us aircraft carrier where the men are cartoon obsessed virgins and the women are bucktooth whores ready and willing to throw their entire race and country under the bus for foreign dick .
🥴
how many people would defend the jews if everyone knew there is a plan to bring chinese troops to bomb the usa
my grandfather stopped smoking twenty years ago today .
i 'll never forget that house fire .
my mom really walked into my room and asked me why i look so oily it called moisturizer you dry ass white bitch i hate it here
" regarding comey , publish the memo or it is n't real . "
----------------------------- 
 the house oversight committee has requested all of comey 's memos , notes , etc , about all of his contacts with trump .
and then comey will testify in public .
it is about to get very real .
are white people allowed to have their own countries should asians be able to move to any white nation they like and open pho shops and nail salons
no worries lol i am so bad at math i did not even read the chart i just looked at the conclusion was like my ghetto math skills of < number > < number > of a few million that ain t right p
rapists : * rape people * y' all : 😶 3 % of rape accusations : * are false * y' all : this bitch should be in jail for the next 45 years , she 'll be scrubbing floors the rest of her life , then we 're gon na stone her to death in the town square , and spit on her grave every day until we die
why do n't you give a drivers license to orientals ?
you do not give a license to someone you can blind with dental floss
love being told by white straight people how to feel about homophobia
" watch me shower ?
to ummm make sure i 'm doing it right ?
my mommy always made me take baths . "
..... ? !
eat shit and die china .
< number > mass shootings this year and not one committed by a black man or an illegal alien let that sink in
well .
yk the truth hurt .. everybody get played .
everybody f * around .
hate to say it .
but yk i had to do it first .&#129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
if you guys did n't do t - mobile tuesday 's i would be going in on you .
questioning where all our money is going to https://t.co/9zgwsq3aro
look at these dogs just killing , raping and beating these innocent kashmiris .
may allah destroy this country .
these fucking killers need to die .
i hope each and every one of these dogs die a brutal and painful death # savekashmir # operationallout # savekashmirsos url
i 'm too lazy to reread , did he say ' teacher ` ` or '' teacher 's asst . " ?
exactly .
but then justin would not have photo ops at the airport .
monte , 

 i clearly wrote , ' striving for equality is satanic . '
if you want to quote only the last three words , do it like this , " ... equality is satanic " .
give the reader a hint you are omitting something .
in this case something important .
i suspect you know what i am scripturally alluding to : the idea that lucifer coveted equality with god .
i stand by my premise :   total equality is realized in death .
life is differentiating .
the doctrine of equality is demonic .
the call for the dissolution of regional conferences which bro .
thompson decries is sincerely in harmony with that doctrine .
here is a question for you monte : can you square regional conferences with your interpretation of gal .
3:28 ?
girl a : : i think his girlfriend 's asian .
you know , a very petite asian girl .
girl b : : that 's so weird , i ca n't see that .
girl a : : why ?
girl b : : because from the way he described her , he made it sound like she 's the kind of person who 's not afraid to stand up for herself .
overheard today from two girls sitting on the bus next to me .
as an asian american woman , stereotypes about " meek asian women " never fail to tick me off .
what inspire me is teaching african refugees how to program javascript what inspires me is finding out how to use maglev trains to get resources to the moon these are the challenges that tomorrow going to face
twitter is going to get bought out then i could really careless what happens to that liberal of a retard company i just want my buy out money and i m happy twtr
i tried warning those fools but you know white supremacy it only functions when jewish supremacy is supporting it i actually did an episode on this very topic of the colonial castizo futurism but can not upload it they are outnumbered < number > < number > to < number > also plus they do not have a homogeneous military
< user > < user > yeah that whole fat joe thing was a mess not all latinos are black or of african descent many latinos are white many have no african ancestry some are even asian for example there is a large asian population in south america e g ecuador brazil peru chile etc
.... y all fuck chicks who do pussy checkpoints .
that 's weird .
if i 'm having sex it 's because i know i will therefore i took a shower .
savages url
that 's nonsense .
she does say she is bisexual .
but a heterosexual person is not unable to be faithful to a spouse because they desire the opposite sex .
why would being bisexual " strongly imply " she must be unfaithful ?
as i suspected , you just made an assumption , then used this flimsy assumption to draw a conclusion .
in fact , every part of your argument is just terrible !
let 's see : 
 1 ) you assume a bisexual person ca n't be faithful in a marriage .
this is false .
2 ) you assume that a person unfaithful in marriage ca n't be " faithful " with political agreements .
also false .
really , i am baffled you could put those words to screen .
just used the incredibly rare non - ironic ' bless your heart ' for a cement mixer that purposefully moved out of my way .
is that even southern ?
why do india never qualify for the world cup because whenever they get a corner they open a shop
so what ? #
blm are black racists ... 
 and we all know how racists japanese can be - both local kind and the ones from the homeland .
do n't think so ?
try dating a japanese girl .
sure , it 's easier today , but in the same era that all you leftists like to point to ( mlk 's time ) getting into japanese gals was only done if you were japanese guy and picked by their family .
also in the same era , do you all forget how in closed union shops in hawaii for electricians you were n't getting into the job unless you were japanese .
and the few whites who had family " connections " .
so i 'm tired hearing hawaii people b1tch about race this and race that .
sure , we are the only true melting pot in the world , but during many , many times in the history of our own stew brewing , have we seen different ingredients resist the blending for extended periods .
so come off your high horse about old white dudes being racist .
you really afraid of that frail old fool ?
i 'm more affraid of young dark racists who control media ...
< number > mosques in the uk preaching hate to its pigs 🐖 and when someone has enough and attacks back the media and police blame tommy robinson and britain first never do they blame moslems for the attacks on the innocent uk citizens being attacked by the paki bastards rant over
best way to fuck with furries ?
send them to china
< user > eat my gay ass
the only thing i wish for ... 
 is to earn enough money to buy a porsche gt3 rs  
  
 what are ur wishes except waking up as a chad ?
this is literally every white person in my business of art class and there even a girl who just plays solitaire who even plays solitaire i promise u the lecture is way more interesting
or let whoever is most qualified for the job ?
do n't be racist to white people
rt @ogsitti : side hoe : hey , this is my boyfriend 

 me : http://t.co/on9hex5l4 t
in 1996 i had five burgers ( one of which came out of a vending machine ) in three days .
that was fun for my body ...
trump is right .. all immigrants who arrived after 1492 should go home ! !
i need not   bother , little nazi pants , because i ca n't help you figure out where you hide your intelligence or brilliance .
i know it 's got ta be in there somewhere .... in that little woman / man cave .
putting aside the fact that she 's a kelantanese , i think there 's a more acceptable way for you to vent out your anger .
beating up a person while recording it and posting it on social media just to humiliate the man is so uncivilised .
according to the supreme court it does .
you had a better upbringing , or better chance at success than i. i think it 's probably because of the naacp , and not because your parents had the personal drive to go to college .
you got to go to college , probably because you 're black , while i did not - i do n't have any afirmative action programs working for me , as you do .
in the history of this country , the privleged white man has mistreated native americans , blacks , chinese , japanese , gays , women and i 'm sure i 've missed some .
i fit two of those .
whaa !
enjoy your pity party charles .
i find it tiresome .
< user > is there an option to reverse the view to a dark background this white background is killing my eyes
" that 's govt policy . "
only if you are one of the idiots who believe that the japanese should buy over - large left hand drive cars when their roads are designed for small right hand drive cars .
i was watching a reality tv show in japan this week and the streets had lots of minis .
the japanese buying japanese cars is no different to exhortations to " buy american " in america - american 's like to portray anyone who does n't buy d3 as " unpatriotic " - only difference is most people around the world do n't like american cars but they do like japanese .
indian losing news ..... how refreshing !
$ @lute black caps ! !
newzealand u did a superb job !
u crushed the most illiterate uncultured coward cricket team of this universe team india ! !
mind blowing news ! !
trump and zinke threatened our senators and our state if they do n't vote the way trump wants them to .
both our senators initially said they were bothered by the threats to our state .
but when trump weighed in again with his threats , both promptly stooged up and said , no problem , donald , we 're here for you , whatever you want .
subsequently , murkowski has sat herself at the trump table and did some drugs ( evil alcohol ) , with zinke 
 sullivan got himself a zinke man crush and has been mooning over zinke ever since 
 ... don young , feeling left out , offered to let zinke come up to his office and play with his dead walrus parts .
not me i love my town and we 've one this award several times and yes i m a happy camper !
😃
" wilfully ignorant " ?
you just used a derogatory slur offending an entire nation !
i 'm fearful of what terms you would use to describe an chinese immigrant you deem to have poor driving skills or a frugal south asian .
you do nothing ...... just like you 've been doing the last 30 years to replace all those lost jobs tough guy
if you are an immigrant is there more incentive to come to the us illegally than legally
sometimes you can just tell a woman is a real woman she makes it a point that it is not the nature of women to bitch about most anything in order to be a woman
< user > is there an option to reverse the view to a dark background this white background is killing my eyes
the argument in canada is never do we want to compliment our public health care with private health care services .
the arguments for this are overwhelming and backed up with actual experience everywhere in the world except one .
the usa .
there we have only private care .
and the politics of canada will not allow us to move toward anything appearing to be more like the american system .
myopic and irrational .
and unfortunate .
is it true that generals kelly and mattis have agreed that one of them will always be near trump , to stand between him and the red button ?
transgender is a mental disorder and so is homosexual .
watchers of the wires beyond the firewalls .
like angels over berlin .
one can see another from afar .
dig ?
i agree some people in america do not know the truths about this political system of sharia law i do not want that in america i will not accept such savagry on women and children
< number > round my nec this that ching chong
for being a bunch of racists trump supporters sure do cheer loudly for the record low black and hispanic unemployment numbers at rallies .
maga is colorblind and the left lies .
.@henson_era @treysifuentes i do n't really feel bad for aaron as much as scared of all of you now because you 'd shoot me to&#128514;&#128517 ; .
@nikkijones674 nice ass want to fuck
well immigrants are rapists and murderers so that explains at least some portion of it
yes and thank you to those who reported this vile sicko .
i ca n't say i like alba 's views either , but oh my god does this accurately portray what it 's like for latinas to grow up in a modern pro - feminist society and interact with the older generations of women in our family .
i think the dialogue they give portrays this really well .
does trudeau really think that canadians and americans are this stupid ?
he prevented a full security review of the sale of the company , because he knew that it would n't pass the review .
this is similar to the situation with itf technologies , the military fibre - laser technology company , the sale of which harper blocked after it failed to pass a security review , which trudeau later overrode to allow china to buy the company .
it 's simple : trudeau is for some reason willing to let the chinese buy crucial north american military / security corporations that do not pass a full security audit .
why ?
was it just the ( illegal ) campaign contributions and contributions to the pe trudeau foundation ?
is it pressure from quebec corporations that want to do more business with china ?
or is it something else ?
what is the reason for selling us out to the chinese ?
was it those asians again ?
damn toxic masculinity .
kishimoto 's name may sound japanese but she looks more caucasian than asian .
regardless , she is carrying a lot of unflattering reviews from her previous positions .
well , with the new approach of minimizing tests and ranking of schools to not hurt the sensitivity of dumb students , she should fit right into our public school system .
you do n't sound chinese to me .
i was replying to moonman promotion of the chink thots bro
attention women of all genders
# klassikradio meets is my new fave for work .
3 !
@lindseystirling hits in 1 afternoon # yaaaasss and + # queen + # nirvana & # 128525 ;
poor china .
for a country that claims its powerful , they sure do whine about everything . "
its not fair " lol just pathetic , since ancient times .
oh look another peace gesture by the arab and muslim terrorists doing business as the poor oppressed palestinians
there seems to be a lot of buzz about democrats simmering now , around the same time mueller is alleged to be seating a grand jury 

 # lorettalynch / # elizabethcarlisle 
 # debbiewassermanschultz 
 # awaninvestigation 
 # benrhodes 

 anyone , other than me , thinking of connecting some of these dots ?
virginity is not a social construct , it 's literally the term of not having sexual intercourse .
miley : " women are not sexual objects " * rubs on an oily inflated woman for a few * i know i 'm gon na get hate for this but just go off sis i do n't care .
you do realize that ' educated journalist ' is an oxymoron , right ?
they might have a college degree , but left or right , they are n't nearly as smart as they think they are .
why does japan have a low obesity rate and a low birth rate ?
they do n’t like fat man and little boy
< user > is that the rochdale and bradford sexist culture the asian pervert fiddlers who like to rape white schoolgirls
if a bitch wear white socks w black shoes vice versa they ca nt dress automatically eliminated that so tacky
oh cramps i hate you so much 😭 😭 😭
" hell of a " job " gents .
many people around the world kind of " forgot about it " when these lunatics ruled texas and many of the southern states , " 

 do n't single out the usa in general or the southern usa .
clubs in canada did n't admit jewish , black , asian members .
jewish golfers went so far as to form their own clubs .
i recall a story where joe louis showed up at cataraqui in kingston to play , a member objected , the pro dick green welcomed the member to express his objections directly to joe !
and the whole cease and desist letter to the bullet club and young bucks permitting them to no longer use the # 2sweet gesture is beyond ridiculous and hideous and wwe wonders why talent does n't want to work for them
temp:14.0 ° c wind:3.1 mph n light air .
pressure:1007.6 hpa falling autoforecast : fairly fine , showery later
why are the japanese so skinny ?
it did n't end very well for them the last time a fat man was in their country .
i 'm no fan of the current government but i doubt they received the larger amounts this article references while claiming only 1500 per guest .
that would be incredibly stupid .
i would not be surprised if they unwittingly and naively got involved with chinese organizers who scalped the access for higher fees .
also dumb but not as reprehensible .
racist , sexist , transphobic , homophobic , xenophobic , ass hole - left talking to the right
from the stats , one out five people shot by police , were black people .
that is well within the population ratio .
that mean other four were not black but probably whites , hispanics , asian americans and natives .
how many times do we have to read about black person being shot by police ?
you read it a lot because that is part of the media 's agenda .
you do n't read much about white guy or asian guy or hispanic guy being shot by police because it simply not in their interest to report it .
media , like so many elements of our society , got their own political agenda .
was castile 's killing a racist one ? ?
would it help if he was white instead of black ?
well , considering that the officer who shot him is a latino , maybe that governor should have said that if castile was latino ..... then he would have been better off .
but in this case , i think that latino officer just panic and for that , he deserves whatever punishment heading his way .
who cares? .. that ribeye steak in the photo above sure looks tasty! .. lol
@dominickevans i do wanna say that just because someone is trans does nt mean they re an ally !
i know some trans people who literally do not seem to really care about my pronouns and it sucks .
yes i know its a very small percentage , but some people just .
do nt care unless its about them :/
there will only be 21 million bitcoins in total , 16 million are in circulation now .
wolf - the first to leave voluntarily , i believe .
exactly , it seems that he was like many government managers ...... not much attention to costs , budgets , and results
as others have pointed out , it makes no sense to be voting on comments to an article that you likely have n't even read yet !
there 's sometimes parochial comments about whether nhl player x was a good fit in team y - i just had to comment on that thing , in the absence of knowing anything about the player or team i simply went yes , yes .
completely nonsensical scheme and we still have the most absurdly partisan posts .
# 12 kali deity vandalized in kushita , bangladesh one kali deity was broken and another was lying on the floor by the temple caretaker , along with several precious ornaments stolen , in a hindu temple in kushtia , bangladesh .
comedy how about you upsize your life by getting a job that ll allow you to get a nicer house chantelle spit that donut out and chew on that one for a while retard
callicles credits " black lives matter " with the coming downfall of kamala harris .
why ?
check it out .
url
when minimum wage is increased , loblaw will just have to learn to accept less profit .
it 's as simple as that , and no way around it .
both parties rely on " big money benefactors " and seek " power and control " .
claiming those are traits unique to the democratic party is utterly false .
tpp had its problems , that 's for sure .
but one big goal of tpp was to limit china 's influences over weaker asean countries .
we 've now ceded asia to china 's influence , as they 're now gearing up to introduce their trade agreement that puts us at a disadvantage .
that clinking sound you keep hearing , that 's the champagne glasses in beijing celebrating yet another misstep by trump and co.
wow , ' waycist ' to expect an immigrant to speak the langauge ? ? ?
does it then mean it is discriminatory to state in a job advertisement that the person must require the english language to be accepted for the job ?
the world looks at the west and laughs so hard ...
the ridiculous part of the race mixing ads is the people making them would never date outside their race unless it is a jewish guy mail ordering a wife from china there more race mixing in the ghetto than in prog ville
the point is if everyone is getting equal opportunity ?
canada is a lot better at providing equal schooling ot the rich and poor ( this has been shown in the recent article called " education superpower " which was about canadian school systems ) .
in the us , ghetto schools do a terrible job in encouraging students to go to university .
i visited the high ranked columbia university in new york , and found very few black students there .
despite the fact that a significant percentage of new york 's population was black .
when tillerson was in china and the chinese had agreed to impose sanctions on north korea , everything appeared to be headed a positive direction .
trump 's tweet was n't unexpected considering how good tillerson looked .
what was unexpected was the decision for nbc to release the story that tillerson called trump a moron .
just because there is gold in them thar insults should n't be an excuse for the press to lower their integrity in a time of crisis to pursue it .
are you equating the bible with husler magazine , js fry ?
i 'll have you know that 's ezekial 23:19 , a passage jehovah inspired ezekiel to write one day when he was feeling particularly randy .
maybe the problem with christianity is that christians do n't focus on the right parts of the bible enough .
all pointed to a human or superhuman intelligence — the breaking of the watercasks to divide the forces the driving of the blacks over the cliff and last and greatest the grim jest of the crimson necklace knotted like a hangman noose about belit white neck
what do you call the citizens of hiroshima ?
fried rice
if you read my full timeline , elements of my rant you might be reading will make better sense .
... do n't forget that rural alaska native corporations received billions in contracts .
i 'd like to know where that money went and in whose pockets .
it sure does n't appear it trickled down to the subsistence rural families .
i 'd love to hang out with anyone since there 's very few white nationalists here if any one wants to please pm because i really need some people to hang out with
hignfy shoe horned corbyn bashing in with made up breaking news 😏
as to " catholic church can play vital role in healing the nation " , one is tempted to say , " physician , heal thyself " !
the deep - down problem is culturally ingrained mistreatment of women as secondary to men , even , as ' play things ' .
presidents are n't immune from this social defect , nor are hierarchy .
it starts in the garden of eden myth , and continues in male self - identity as divinely privileged over females .
here 's the place for social action , not just dialogue , but action .
a big step forward would be for church to acknowledge female co - equality , including place in church , including ordination of women , and ending pretension of divine preference of males over females .
let the ' dialogue of social action begin ' , beginning with the original sin of violating the human right of women , from the ' garden of eden ' time to the present time .
the church continues to be part of the problem .
religious dialogue characterizes political dialogue .
religion profoundly qualifies politics .
and always will .
my father taught me to shoot when i was 12 years old .
i think i may know this person ... it 's me and i ' m doing good !
this is some surprise .
wow .
check you pm 's !
talk to you soon .
any of your " friends " should be supportive .
when i came out when i was 13 , i found out very quickly who my real friends were .
any friends that do n't respect your decision are n't your friends .
love to whatever you decide 💙 💙
pope is asian you fucking dumb nigger
the issue is housing and the government 's unconstitutional regulation of it .
you are trying to deflect that issue to further your blatantly racist anti - asian buyer agenda .
you are pathetic .
is it wrong that i hate asians even though i am asian speekfreely newgabber gab followattack
it 's about time start mass deportation now before it 's too late .
oh good gawd .
do n't tell me you 're a bible thumper too .
i ca n't take it .
reaching for my oxygen tank .
you mean mainland china ?
it is that rough and ready asian greed !
it is like being in the back alleys of bangkok and shanghai !
< user > so you are basically aiding and abetting an illegal alien who is currently breaking the laws of this country is that how it works
@kenolin1 @andthenisleep they must be eradicated .
all of them .
this is way beyond " enough " .
it will take a decades of ( unobstructed ) hard work to repair .
it 's mind boggling that some sick fucks , still support them .
just mind boggling !
indian losing news ..... how refreshing !
$ @lute black caps ! !
newzealand u did a superb job !
u crushed the most illiterate uncultured coward cricket team of this universe team india ! !
mind blowing news ! !
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
please remove her citizenship and her us passport and let her be a fugitive traveling from port to port a woman without a country
giving the asians a bad name
& # 129332;&#127997;incomprehensible and immutable is the love of # god .
he loved us before the foundation of the world.#stillholy # stillgreat & # 128591;&#127998 ;
i do nt see why u could nt go alone i mean its in a public place , unless he s picking you up or something ...... first post
" ... pander to jewish voters ... " - alceste   my , my , look at the racist who usually hides under his thin veneer posing as the resident intellectual poo - bah dispensing truth and wisdom for   us lesser beings .
commentators on the left not only continuously demonstrate reverse - racism against whites , jews and older white males in particular - even when they themselves are washed - up old legal beagles - their complete intolerance for any view other than a so - called progressive one - about as progressive as communism ever was in its heyday ( newsflash - the dream is over ) , is sadly ironic .
it is also rather comical to watch them bow and scrape to the multi - culti god they have created out of their deep and pervasive ignorance , shame and self doubt regarding our shared western cultural heritage - the most progressive on the planet when compared to the truly xenophobic middle eastern and asian cultures that either do not allow immigrants or do not grant citizenship .
wake up lefty " useful idiots " .
so disappointed in the super bowl game i only shot < number > coons and no possums or coyotes or fox i d be a millionaire if i had non mangy coyotes or foxes the coons are not more than ornaments gamo whisper brain junker at < number > yards
i want my world like i want my laundry separated by color
to quote papa john ’s , if better ingredients make better pizzas , does it not also follow that better people make better countries ?
possibly respond to some support requests with canned answers .
< number > whites move out of sydney every year however they are building new places at the below rates for asians that they are importing avg sydney home price < number > < number > avg sydney home price now < number > m white people can not even afford to rent
guys fam y all my dudes i keep thirsting over lee soohyuk nam joohyuk and shin hoseok y all got ta stop me i m an ainnocent child ,
missing from the raw statistics are the denial , deceit and delusion surrounding who shoots whom ... and why .
pretending that suicides and homicides are symptoms of comorbidity in an otherwise disparate geographical area is lumping explicit discernible factors into one single cause - gunfire .
suicides have virtually nothing to do with homicides .
there are as many reasons for suicide as those commit suicide .
homicides , on the other hand , are clearly divisible between the three major categories ( crime , random violence , & personal conflicts ) as well as the occasional murder - suicides .
blacks make up the majority of homicide deaths and have the highest rate of homicide of any racial or ethnic group .
young black males are predators at a rate wildly out of proportion to their percentage of the population .
whether the victims are black , white , hispanic or asian - the trigger is most likely pulled by a black male .
i signed up for pandora in a ghetto city and all my ads are aids prevention pills and gun crime psas 😂 🤡
another example of re - using cherry picked quotes to keep pushing the agenda .
it 's the selectivity that reveals a pride of sorts .
did n't we roast your people enough when we dropped the bomb ?
these nasty crazy dumb lying white sluts have obviously fucked up my mother and sisters mind with their drugs and lies
how does the average american democrats feel god will pardon them for abortions queers and little girls bathrooms in accepting isis into our country not to mention the skiing lies the party prevails but then again they might be muslims themselves i do not know
almost to a quarter of a billion dollars handed to one company .
a quarter of a billion .
just saw on here that he used to go by the name of joker on twitter if so then i am pretty sure i have come across this paki creature in passing before my ban he s not very popular on there is he
i give up guys anglin is more pro white by fucking gook hookers we all should follow him like some sick puppy and do as he does
upon careful review of this indictment of paul manafort and # rickgates the question needs to be asked - where was the fbi and doj in 

 2005 
 2006 
 2007 
 2008 
 2009 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 2013 
 2014 
 2015 
 2016 

 while mueller , comey , holder , and lynch were at the helm ?
and yet , the police here had no reason to believe that the op was of a different race as they were talking through the door .
yeah we all have different destinations , needs , expectations etc .
the seats are tight and lack padding but cramming everyone in there is what drives down the price obviously .
i want to like frontier .
i do n't mean to be negative in my response although i clearly was .
just surprised about the growth so soon after the holiday melt down that had top brass resigning left and right .
if i ever fly frontier again it will have to be under 2.5 hr gate to gate .
philly back to 4 + hours in those seats kill me .
you can clearly see in this video they want the white women to look dumb and crazy , whille the asian man looks intelligent and content .
a excellent site and i have found many near matches over the years , but now have found the right one .
special for offensivequestions
just bcs being single does nt have to mean lonely .
the only thing i want to committed right now is bettering myself & # 128540 ;
this disposable chopsticks with a break off rest idea has been in japan for a long time .
this is nothing new .
very disturbing behavior by the chinese government .
we have no idea what value the owners reported for their wines , or how much it is actually worth in china .
we do n't know what the total imported amount was and how much we 're talking about here in terms of total dollar amounts .
but to jail them without trial - that is criminal , regardless of the dollar amount .
and since the owners are taiwanese , it sounds political more than anything else .
china is the country that imports animal parts from africa because of some silly voodoo chinese medicine beliefs .
china is responsible for desecrating the populations of many of the greatest animal species left on earth .
do they charge any tariffs on rhino horns or lion penis bones .. ?
doubt it .
i think it time for another hindu kush only thing the muzzies ever did that was worth a shit was genocide about < number > mil of < user > coethnics i have been in some valleys full of skulls up there beautiful
reddit bans r incels because it was violent against women believed in enslaving women thought women should have their clits cut off and wished the government would mandate them a girlfriend r islam seen extremely nervous and wondering if its next
< user > < user > gavin newsom only cares about criminals and illegal aliens recallgavinnewsom
we spent too much time and effort worrying about blacks while the asians and hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball .
she calle them niggers , well hope that chink bitch dies in a fucking fire how bout that ?
black were here in usa before asian so tell that asian hoe to go home
20 minutes on the phone with office 365 support in india to get an account unlocked .
now they 're escalating it .
it 's one fucking checkbox .
there nothing but scumbags who arrive in the uk and expect everything for free < number > of them do nt work < number > of the rapes carried out on british children are carried out by pakistani muslim men it must stop now britain first fighting back ocs
talk to oha .
how come you do not date her i think it racist you fuck a racist white woman time for you to chink it up troll
it 's not   weapon .
chinese are n't known for quality or efficiency ... just cheapness .
< user > another retard looking for a way to stay relevant and find some kind of meaning to their life victim mentality iq66
i wanna continue to support radeon graphics , but for now i 'll be getting a gtx 1060 .
i 'm still gon na cop that ryzen 1800x when i can .
< user > anonymous jews
what are 3 words a chinese family would never accept ? "
it 's a girl " .
i would rather most of the immigration to the united states(70 - 80 % ) be merit based , yes , absolutely .
if we do n't fill that yearly quota the remaining can be distributed to low skilled people .
it 's funny , i did n't know if you were asian or not because you 're so tall .
what is a popular pastime in japan ?
hangman
suck my fuckin ' dick
splc ‏ < user > 6 h6 hours ago in the ten days following donald trump victory < date > we have confirmed < number > incidents of harassment intimidation and even violence splcisahategroup
you got niggas , and i got bitches .
the problem with the vedic religion is that it mixed the slave mentality of asians with the religion of aryans the original white pagan religions which is where the vedas originated from have a completely different way of practising religion religion was taught to guide man not to worship gods
waited all fucking day to see you & amp ; now you in a bad mood .
fucking stupid .
@stassi bullshit stassi .
you 're a beautiful woman , humble enough to fight for your friend , funny - which means you … https://t.co/a6ymgxkki4
chinese people eat like savages .
they just raise the bowl full of nothing but rice up to their faces and gobble gobble gobble .
they do this because they ca n't see the food through their tiny eyes .
walker knows very well the only economic value in the scheme accrues to himself .
that 's why he runs the scheme , donald .
it 's what republicans do .
the chinese will take a look at the two rubes , trump and walker , and immediately commence to   chuckle to themselves over how easily they will be manipulated to serve their interests .
i 'm sure you 've heard the term ' useful idiot ' .
we need to make some remakes of old films and replace classical music with rap music and be sure and have black men making love to white women cause that will get all the black men to come and watch the ghetto movies
nowhere in the bible does it teach a 6000 year old earth , that is man made concept .
it a few uneducated people that came up it with an idea so it would fit their little worldview .
it works pretty well in canada .
carry your bags , sir ?
stop tweeting hate to ashton .
he 's allowed to have a bad day or be in a bad mood .
he ca n't have sunshine shooting out of his ass everyday .
they 're only " traitors " because they lost .
nobody refers to our founding fathers as " traitors " despite the fact that they threw off the yoke of english suppression through rebellion and war .
what ’s the worst part about breaking up with a japanese person you got ta drop the bomb twice before they get the message .
what does the d in ajit pai stand for ?
dead
all men should follow @keyonmorris 's lead .
please move !
i 'll help you pack !
it also has nothing to do with where he 's from
thomas fire : 

 total acreage : 242,500 containment : 30 %
the " proud to be pinoy " remark .
if i would be in your possition i would give better marks to white children in your school and later that they could get to better universitys .
rules for life : never give up never regret your decisions try your best forgive just live life & amp ; be happy & # 128588;&#127997;&#128170;&#127998 ;
i swear some guys are good for nothing ... i do nt know how some women put up with their pussy ass boyfriends , who do nt support , help , or motivate them .
i have zero trust in the country of china .
zero .
americans may be a - holes , but at least they are honest and transparent about being a - holes .
the chinese are dishonest and self - serving .
self - serving i can take , but not the dishonesty .
not enough outrage for tommy arrest if he gets thrown in jail he will die in the hands of these fucking rabid inbred paki sullahs rotting in uk prisons uk is quickly becoming a shithole i fear for my family living there free tommy
ultimately , i think tv and movies have stifled creativity of thought and healthy progression of philosophy and art .
the only white guy that i despise is the chump .
he is sick , vile and disgusting .
he is dividing our country .
my comments are merely pointing out the fact that a white male opened fire on an audience at a country western music concert .
in all of the news reports that i have watched .
i have n't seen a black , muslim , or asian .
only whites and latinos .
thos why do you think the gunman chose that specific event to accomplish his unimaginable massacre .
fuck around hit the lil hoe with no jimmy
why did the chinese dog die ?
because its owners were hungry .
_ " list the high quality projects downtown ... " _ -- ceeduck 

 nice dodge , but we see that you changed your " expert " claim and have limited it now to downtown .
at this point , you 've pontificated enough as an expert dismissing all comments not in line with yours , shading the facts and ignoring the inconvenient fact that the article is about mupte in eugene .
i 'd say it 's time you let folks know who you are and your credentials .
the appearance is that you have a personal financial interest in tax breaks , but we wo n't really know as long as you continue to post anonymously .
thanks , 

 paul
trump is a narcissistic racist kiddy fiddler , but his base does not care .
they just want non whites to be kicked out of the country , no matter what .
pink shutters a man walked into a whore house and asked the man running it to give him the biggest black woman that the whore house had .
the man at the counter said alright that will be < number > and told him to go to room < number > the man went up to room < number > and the biggest black woman he had ever seen answered the door .
the man walked in and asked the woman to take off all her clothes , lay on the bed and spread her legs .
< repeat > she did as she was told , the man stood there and just looked at her for a minute , then he said ok i m finished you can put your clothes back on .
< repeat > the woman got up and was confused as she asked , " why did nt you do anyting ? "
the man replied .
< repeat > well i am painting my house brown and i wanted to see what it looked like with pink shutters
they send their best and brightest to europe and america for education obviously becuase they sand niggers and gooks have the best universities and are oppressed by the evil white man learning institutions it is our learning institutions that oppress the brown nigger people
wise chinese saying a wise chinese man once said " if the dog is still barking , it is undercooked . "
we need to bring back monster trucks , guns , heavy metal 1776 maga i want trumps next speech to have monster trucks jumping over an ac / dc concert
no clown , you are dead wrong .
you are drawing a false distinction between wealthy and non wealthy chinese to suit your racist narrative .
truth is you hate the chinese because of their ethnicity .
there are lots of other ethnic groups in the gva parking their wealth because of the tremendous appeal of the region .
so much so that the spineless politicians caved to public pressure and passed a foreign buyer taxes to curtail their investment activity with mixed results of course because politicians are not foolish enough to kill the golden goose that fuels the bc economy .
but racist pigs like yourself endlessly repeat the same hate filled rants against one specific ethnicity , the chinese .
there is no denying their participation in the market , by the media , politicians or industry participants , yet you continue to single them out and brand them as a threat to the canadian way of life .
you are disgusting and should be banned permanently for spewing endless hatred on a public forum .
freeland slams trudeau 

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9z7oc8b1uz0
haitians in the house checking in !
we love so dearly bruh
i appreciate the sentiment , but consider the economics-- those 10 missiles would destroy how many millions or billions of dollars ( individual lives aside ) ?
each dprk nuke that makes it through represents a neighborhood evaporated ( 30kt yield will destroy most structures within a 1 - mile radius ) .
now imagine even higher yields making it through .
the cost of r&d / deployment for missile shields is usually compared to the consequences of zero defense ( in light of the potential threat ) .
vietnam used to be so hot that the villagers would melt .
you 're not paying attention to your fellow anti - kneeling allies .
they definitely see kneeling as a disrespectful , anti - american , anti - flag , anti - country , anti - military , anti - patriotic act .
if you 're changing your tune , i 'm stunned .
and you love diversion .
@brexitpartridge @beddoeroger islam is to blame & a huge number of muslims who are the enemy of this country .
had they not been let in we would not be talking about a woman who is complicit in mass murder .
if she is to go anywhere it is the hague with her husband .
any lawyer defending is should be disbarred .
while looking through a magazine with my daughter , i said , " hey what do you think of this hairstyle ? "
while looking through a magazine with my daughter , i said , " hey what do you think of this hairstyle ? "
she liked it . "
well it 's too bad you can only have this one , i said , pointing at a picture of vin diesel on the next page .
she started crying as the nurse set up her next round of chemo treatment .
efcc has lost his integrity if you support this movement tag the bellow or retweet scrape efcc now
< user > anybody who finds why they are doing here to be a bad thing has a retarded brain
ladies if you still using pregnancy as a april fool 's joke you need to get the fuck outta here ! !
i agree with trump and ivanka ..   let 's give the dreamers amnesty then seal the f'ing border .. a moratorium on all immigration .. even legal .. for a period of 10 years .. don't let anyone into the usa ..
if you savages could think beyond taste and 72 hoors , maybe half of you wo n't be trying to allahu snackbar themselves .
i assume your spirit animal is some sort of gay rodent
how can you tell when an asian moved into the neighborhood ?
all the dogs stop barking .
why on earth should those greedy poor kids get healthcare then there are millionaires in our country who need a 4th home ! !
if you could have a pet sloth , you would name him
as is your responses on this board .
79 racists gave this a thumbs down .
users want transparency in abuse systems , but there 's a difficulty in this .
it can allow people to game the system .
you and [ the only other asian kid in the school ] should go to homecoming together .
i mean , he 's cute , is n't he ?
i would n't know , i 'm not asian ...
there should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non - whites they are our enemies .
reddit bans r incels because it was violent against women believed in enslaving women thought women should have their clits cut off and wished the government would mandate them a girlfriend r islam seen extremely nervous and wondering if its next
wow paris police .
you 've got muslims who have taken over your city and shoot people when they get their feelings hurt , so you kill a chinese guy who is cutting up fish for dinner .
nice .
all it takes is personally encountering the chinaman
we are going to kill jews unequivocally and force them breed with niggers and sand niggers and spics
no excuse for us not to offer refugee status to white refugees in south africa
@multifacettrash men are trash
loqueesha loqueesha let down yo weave bitch
i hope your mom gets robbed by a female child .
absolutely agree with you .
people know this about that hike , can be treacherous and it is difficult - if they take time to look that is .
it is not a easy hike .
but it is well worth it .
hanging lake is really unique .
beautiful .
@ceo_sandeep @adi_vashisthaa @zaidzamanhamid you indians remain our slave for 1000 years and now you are slaves of jewish ppl ... you ppl have no ethics no moral values neither in normal life neither in battle field .. by killing unarmed innocent civilians you stupid people think you can capture pakistan .. shamelesa nation
for the girl .
but it on hbo more violence and sex come on what not to love
racist omar is just like those other liberals who say they hate this country but yet wo nt leave , and go back to where they fled .
< user > this makes it sound like the tech folks are not quite the assholes i thought they were glad to see they are supporting free speech rights of a coworker the cancel culture of pomo queer theory is wtf out of control
the migrants currently bringing * diversity and culture * to germany will love shitting all over the place and wiping their hands on the interior windows .
things are different now .
because everytime i do niggas ask if i am a faggot and there this gay nigga that been trynna hit on me and i do not wanna be rude to him so when someone asks if i am a faggot i can set the record straight and he will leave me alone
( cont'd . )
in another case , the notice was properly posted , and , absent a response , the tenant was evicted .
what had happened though , was that the tenant had been in a serious accident and in the hospital for an extended period .
he had no idea that the eviction was occurring .
he exited the hospital to discover his every possession gone , and that had no home .
as a property manager , i always try to contact a family member or friend ( if possible ) when i do n't get a response to a 3 - day , because people almost always are quick to respond to those , most often in feigned amazement .
hope they do some time in a chinese prison .
they deserve it for being so dumb and bringing 
 dishonor to themselves and their team .
a real credit to their race .
disagree .
could be half asian , native american , or hispanic , not necessarily caucasian .
must be the half black part that you ca n't tolerate .
i 'm literally an idiot and i ca n't even blame any substances fml fml fml
i am going through the grieving process with my os during commercial break went to the nfl thursday night game i am not gay or a fashion consultant but these uniforms make this game unwatchable
hi , my name is chris and i want to thank the english nation for being the people most responsible for the creation of the usa and canada .
i never saw a chink pussy and do not plan on breaking that record 🖕 🙄 🖕
this is not our war to fight !
when u tell ppl ur ultimate goal is to work for yourself they give all types of side eyes , stares like u do n't know what you are talkin bout
the females in my friend group hate me now 
 and i could n't care less
no no no .
he has flushed enough sewage into the river we do n't need any more pollution
cassie pregnant all the twitter niggas mad about it lmao you all niggas weirdos
seeing a picture of my face makes me feel sick because of my personality 
 is n’t this right normies ?
having a sad night listening to crywank cus i have a fucking 5:30am coach and i ca n't sleep
i held the door for this japanese man at the gas station ... he looked at me and said " sank u " .
so i punched him in the fcking face , bringing up pearl harbor like that .
all in the name of a god that does n't exist .
what a colossal waste of brain cells
i do not wanna be on twitter when the verdict for the white bitch who killed the black man in his own apartment is announced if it not guilty on murder charges i just can not be on here
any rational analysis of lng shows the asian market saturated into the foreseeable future , with far cleaner nuclear at 30 % the cost , taking up growth and coal phaseouts .
you 'd have to be a pretty stupid investor to take a flyer on lng .
bull shit this so called pussy of god is good for nothing but wiping the ass of his pissedent using his tongue .
the world has seen the inhumane treatment of this poor people , and the death of the innocent children .
i ask where are the jewish people , the true christian , the united nation , the aclu , , and the real americans .
so my daughter killed a butterfly because she killed a butterfly i said , ¨no butter for a month because of that!¨ later in the kitchen she smashed a cockroach and i said ¨nice try!¨
did nt you all realize huma weiner was hiding something when she separated from carlos danger i bet the muslim brotherhood has her halfway back to saudi arabia by now maga gabfam draintheswap
it is awful look at world demographics asians are fucking everywhere another betrayal white genocide is real
these are good ideas clayton and should be implemented along with others .
[ not a joke ] i ’m not sure if this is some stupid fucking prank or what , but i ’d really like for this to not be the most retarded subreddit with the most idiotic mods on all of reddit .
first we ca n’t swear in a sub where pretty much every post is racist , sexist , or about pedophilia or incest .
then we have no fuckin choice but to swear .
fix your fucking sub or i , and probably a lot more people , will just make our way to the door and step over the big pile of shit which is this sub rn .

a lot of money and effort has been spent supporting illegal immigrants .
it was great to get a non - leftist judge to actually apply the law .
california is one of the most egregious in defending illegals and even giving them voting rights when they get their driver 's license .
hit california and other sanctuary cities in the pocketbook and prosecute cities for hindering apprehension and arrest for these lawbreakers for their deportation hearing .
the chinese made fools of themselves again ... showing that they 're petty thieves and even worse liars .
me : : hi can i help you ?
customer ( older white man ): : where are you from ?
me : : here .
san diego .
customer : : oh . (
he then proceeds to order food . )
customer : : anyways , you 're very cute .
so small and cute .
that 's why i asked where you were from .
me : : ok .
thanks .
obviously my skin is tan and my hair is dark .
this person thought i would appreciate the fact that they found me attractive-- more specifically that my attractiveness stems from my looking " foreign " or " exotic . "
being a low - paid food service worker , i am not in a position to respond .
all i can do is try to make my point by answering " i am from here . "
they never get the hint .
makes me feel frustrated , belittled , objectified , exotified , powerless to respond effectively .
@vipulchavada _ @cartelx4 @cnnbrk go have some cow urine .... and it 's going dark u need to go to fields for doing shit ... islam is a religion from thousands years but u make ur god with cement every next year .
do n't try to teach father how to fuck u asshole .
i 'm being sincere here , you have no idea what my politics are , you assume what they are and in nearly every case you would probably be wrong .
insult trump and the republicans all you want , i do n't care .
put the democrats on a pedestal and think they are so very honest and interested in your well being   that 's fine too .
a little glimpse into my politics here , so pay attention .
i think both sides are messed up beyond all recognition and deserve the harshest criticism from we the people .
all the other " stuff " you mention is deflecting the fact that real and tangible actions could have been taken by 400 - 500 people , but instead you had a hypocritical , narcissistic , meaningless parade .
oh and david , what does that other " stuff " have to do with climate change ?
not a darn thing .
just you trying to demean and dismiss anyone who disagrees with you .
if you ca n't convince or bully them to agree with you , then silence them .
yep , i can see you 're a big first amendment supporter you are .
yeah or you can start from the negative look at nonwhite countries and nonwhite ghettos in white countries and go from there it is not a difficult question
or russia ?
now that 's a real " shit hole " country .
maybe north korea or the philippines ... ahh saudi arabia .
smile !
this is what they are building for the new asian australians that they are importing from china and who will ultimately vote first for socialism and then communism asians do not really buy a lot of houses because they are used to shanghai living
miss lindsey is john mccains boy toy miss lindsey is a demented faggot
america is now a war zone .
thank god for brace soldiers like this one .
these people are fucking filth .
congratulations pakistan .. love from uganda
the american system does not , and never did go by majority populous vote .
people vote for their electoral college representative according to their party ( d / r. )    the ec is made up of one   representative from each county in the country .
the ec decides who appointed to the oval office by the preponderance of party - line votes in each county .
trump won 309 ec votes and clinton 217 ( ? ) ) .
it balances high - density populations of cities like boston , new york and philadelphia , and low - density rural ridings ( much like toronto and the rest of ontario ) .
that is just how it works and nothing is going to change it .
you may as well complain about the price of tea in china .
i would take palin over mccain any day .
< user > < user > joy behar you know jews have fros too
a few times i ve been told to make kids .
i said i have no one to make them with .
now i have someone but we do not feel ready to have kids .
i belive in quality over quantity .
so we would have maybe 2 to 4 .
i 'm pro women period .
i 'm all for a bitch ( sorry if you do n't like that word , excuse me that 's just how i talk ) .
fuck what anyone thinks or says .
do what 's best for you !
physically   emotionally mentally
probably a mail order bride or a plant from the cpc .
canadians voted for the libs because they wanna smoke pot .
they got a whole lot more than just pot .
soon they will be begging on the streets as china buys up all our businesses and real estate and make us all bow down to the chinese communist masters .
trudeau must be stopped before it is too late .
" [ @aangeia ] — " " genji is with you , my guardian angel . " "
could she hear them ?
all the damned jealous women squealing around ? "
wait so what did white people think about arabs before < number > < number > like were we just regular sand monkeys before being terrorist sand monkeys or
sheriff ed galt you know something amigo i think i just spotted a chink in your armor when you go down it going be over a skirt watching last man standing
white people complain about homophobia in the middle east just to fuel their islamophobia they literally don ’ t give a shit about gay arabs
i 'm a broke hoes dream , rich hoes cream !
what was that english lol that was one too many negatives in a sentence no i did not say you specifically lard ass i said women in general learn to read cleaely i can and you can not
from reading this i realized there was no date or there is a meeting or something going on outside the ucc in cork at 10 : 30 am on the 10th of march .
was walkiing around cork with a few friends and they tried handing out leaflets ¬ _ ¬ friends and i were not to happy
people asians ca nt rap < user > hold my fanny pack
i realized women just retarded they will never look at shit the way you do
future was dominated by gender fluid machines .
one of them travelled in time to the past to save a mexican girl and bring social justice .
only when middle school girls drive dykes to the nuthouse underage shitskin rapists get their ids protected
yes it does because the punishment does not fit the seriousness of the crime .
my misandrist girlfriend said i can't wear a skirt over my pants
china gets nuked into glass .
europe becomes a radioactive hell scape from all the shitty chineses nukes that missed their targets or got shot down by america
go jack your dick to cartoon drawings while crying about thots and unironically advocating white sharia on 4chan , you weeb degenerate .
meanwhile , i 'll be watching [ captain marvel](url for the 50th time while stroking my bbc in a respectful non - offending feminist chad - esque manner to [ rey](url you cornball ass strong woman hating ass goof .
hate bitches who swear they mfkn somebody 🖕 🏾. come direct or shut up w / your irrelevant fraudulent ass . #
fakesamoan 🙄
of course rockfish will be targeted , what can you expect , man will attempt to exterminate all species that are available .
next thing you know there will be a city sponsored derby to catch the largest because the merchants make money and the mayors and council are all for making money at any expense .
man will push to the limit every freedom and killing of resources so for a while there will be rockfish like there was with the crabs , halibut , clams and all of the other fish .
i do n't think that police have a race - killing problem .
i think they 're fantastic troubleshooters .
< user > < user > you are right it does not have to todd phillips can make the hangover < number > and have a white guy do a ching chong wing wong impersonation if he wants and we all have the right to say it fuckin sucks what a world
looks like we found our next incel terrorists sorry ... i meant " mentally disturbed lone wolf "
what 's ariana grande 's favorite food ?
bangers and mash
yeah , it was their fault ...... we should kick them out anyway
< user > < user > that india one day ll be a muslim country again and muslims ll occupy india and yes we ll give rights to minorities do not worry we ll make india as a muslim country one day
voices on the front lines showing that you are also sick of the division , hatred & racist agendas are driving this killing train !
to see black , brown , asian faces is only sending the us & them message !
if it 's not a we message then it will continue !
< user > < user > can you add btc to buff i thought you had to sell arcs or be a chinaman
when he calls you his retarded cum dumpster 🥰 💘
all racists are not assholes .
why would anyone want to visit china ?
one big slum .
that 's why so many chinese are desperate to emigrate to canada , and why so many are buying homes here - so they have a safe place to flee to when the excrement hits the fan in china .
why are no canadians trying to emigrate to china ?
@nebula1113 ikr ?
those are consequences we can anticipate !
what abt the unintended consequences ?
they 're so arrogan … https://t.co/h4e0ys6mes
he was a punahou student and has the hawaiian spirit .
most hawaiians out here are not hawaiian by any means .
they are mostly asian and/or white and show it .
we do n't blame them though
first , that 's an incredibly good photo , very clear and detailed .
you 've exceeded the quality of 90 % of the submitters here . [ ... ]
idk , but if you do post them would you shoot me a message so i can see ?
@wsrocket _ that 's the thing i ai n't buying they way in nun they gone earn that shit just like everybody else if they ca nt get in using they brain they do nt needa be at that mf 😂 😂 😂 😂
being native matters .
why ?
because children need to be introduced to their culture and traditions .
it 's not their fault that they come from a dysfunctional family .
native children need to know about their ancestral background(s ) ; because what   comes with being native is their pathway and birthright to receiving federally protected benefits such as indian health services ( considering the high cost of healthcare ) , educational funding via scholarships , and access to their maternal or paternal corporation stocks , and all other benefits protected under the federal government .
depending on the benefits , they can be passed down from generation to generation .
why ?
because it 's payment for state and federal governments taking alaska native and american indian lands .
i am aware that bringing toiletries on to planes is risky but if a paki wants to bring mouthwash and deodorant on board it a risk i am willing to take
a blind man walks into a bar .
and a table .
and a wall .
and a staircase .
so for the # trumptreason watch party they should install massive tvs on the dc mall .
bet it 'll be bigger than his inauguration ! #
trumprussia
what 's the difference between black and white ?
kfc < allcaps > and chick - fil - a
you know it 's only white folks saying he did n't say anything racist ... trump and his supporters all think alike
bet you 've claimed more head than isis .
.@peerworker online harassment is a serious problem , and it needs to be addressed .
but making false equivalencies wo n't get you anywhere .
pretty soon the ivy league will be synonymous with the china league because a foolish and stubborn insistence on open borders in perpetuity means studygrind cheating asians gradually taking over all white western schools i am not chinese so i am not happy about this outcome
multiculturalism is a gift , not a burden .
it should be embraced , not rejected .
the more culture we are exposed to , the more empathetic , compassionate and understanding we can become .
ok then the feds will add another $ 25 / tonne .
pallister is playing games again before heading back to costa rica .
apparently today that ghetto culture i for one am utterly sanguine at our dysgenic future
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
notice some comments being heavinly brigaded here 
 u / azavii shut it down
be a jewish sjw white male hating fashion designer get attacked on a london train by a shitskin be angry at white men for not saving her forgive shitskin attacker what happened to men and women are the same bs
i do agree that comey was damned if he came forward now and damned if he did n't .
still , i think it is reasonable to question why protocol was broken with his announcing that an investigation was being initiated .
yet , in the spirit of fairness , if you are going to call out " those here " for flipping there opinion of comey , i think it also has to be stated how many , who were so quick to condemn comey in july and call him a corrupt , partisan hack , are now singing his praises and seeing him as a hero .
yes , i agreed .
it is as you say - interesting .
peace , john david
children that do not even exist you bottom feeding retarded sjw go back to twitter if you want to be a virtue signaling libtard
you have to wonder if , in his heart of hearts , he knows what he 's doing is wrong .
people really just now seeing the video of shaq playing in stow hs gymnasium 50 years ago .
damn .
you guys are slow .
i think it a conspiracy i think they are truly engaging in a slow modern holocaust globally in white people sknce < number > but instead of five years of hitler the reverse is a < number > plus year systematic invasion harassment and redistribution
democrats are so brainwashed retarded that this will not register since they have no reasoning skills whatsoever we need a campaign to call them racists and sexists back it messes with their programming
what 's the difference between racism and amy schumer ?
amy schumer is not funny .
justin represents all the people gays , transgenders , blacks , brown , chinese , jews , muslims , native indians , not like trump who just represents white people and christians .
that s the inner beauty of justin and the outer ugliness of trump .
saying rap music is ghetto culture and liking a tweet that factually states that gays can not reproduce is racism and homophobia 😂 😂 these snowflakes need jobs and families so they can learn what real work and real life is all about and stop creating drama where there is none
our muslim terrorist treasonous arab ass kissing state dept is making sure that trump will not do this after all kissing arab and muslim ass is far more important than us national security
yes you will heal racial division but you will not move to the ghetto or send your kids to those schools now will you no that for working class whites who we accuse of racism when they object to being forced to live in liberia right
@cam_coles you do n't know what i know .
name somebody colder , you monkey faced immigrant
# wrestlemania this is so stupid !
thank god ! !
that wyatt shit was getting annoying
a conversation between me and my dad ... dad : what do you want with your cookies ?
me : milk
@kendilaniannbc looks like all american born residents will have to carry passports and birth certificates well those of color .
shameful .
hey chumpy -- best - performing economy from the # 1 profit making industry in bc ... land transfer bucks from the sham asian take - over home sales over a decade plus .
that 's how ol' crusty the clown clark 's gov't became # 1 in canada .
remember that ok .... chump !
infatuated wit pretty bitches
no you ca n't like him .
it 's the most disgusting thing to mix a black and an asian !
you mean nixon care ?
it has n't failed although it needs to be improved .
shame republicans are so incompetent .
yes hawaii is a democratic state so most of government is controlled by democrats .
so what ?
what makes you think republicans would not be far worse ?
i remember the days when hawaii was controlled by republicans .
as my mother used to say , try and find an asian or black member at oahu country club .
discrimination anyone ?
no problem .
and as for the federal budget , yes that is all republicans .
clinton left the country with a balanced budget but you so called fiscally responsible republicans blew it up and finally left the country with a trillion plus deficit .
what hypocrites you are .
disgusting !
your own african women would rather fuck asians than catch your stds that s why blacks are now mostly gay thugs fucking each other and have the highest rate of aids the world has ever seen you suck ya barber dick for shape ups half off
first off - thank you mr .
lamorena for this big look at this project .
i for one , was against this from the moment i read about it years ago , & i'm still against it !
but the big question is , " what are we going to do about it now ? "
that it has become a huge cash cow for a few & a long term sucking sound for the rest of us !
if we could've seen this from the start - & we could have but the $ $ $ barons brainwashed the public into thinking it was the future - so many of us went along like sheep to slaughter ! (
do you hear the violins playing ? )
so what do we do now ? -
well way back then before it began , there was a voice in the confusion that popped up to ask - if we had an alternative ?
& he offered one !
a few listened , but for the most part the $ $ $ barons shut him down & he faded away .
sometime later , he popped up again running for seat in the government beaurocracy .
he didn't make it & again faded away .
let 's find that man & tap him for some solutions shall we ?
did you know that half of north koreans have cataracts the other have have rincolns
china has long wanted to be the # 1 country in the world , and in much of he world , they already are # 1 .
the emergence of an unfit demagogue to lead the us ( and other western democracies ) has long been predicted by chinese scholars and thinkers as the inevitable end result of   western - style democracies .
it appears that trump is the unfit , dumbass , foolish demagogue china has longed for .
what comes next is n't going to pretty , but trump , and ignorant american voters , who chose to vote for him ,   have basically handed china the situation for which they longed .
as for canada , i think we should distance ourselves from trump and the coming american demise as best possible , as gradually as possible , as we start friending china big league , as trump would say .
we could start by allowing them to buy out our tar sands , to do with as they wish .
the rest of canada would probably get a better deal with china than we will get from letting alberta sell off the tar sands to the u.s ..
< user > ching chong your dog is gone
no wonder she 's a lesbian
hey chumpy -- best - performing economy from the # 1 profit making industry in bc ... land transfer bucks from the sham asian take - over home sales over a decade plus .
that 's how ol' crusty the clown clark 's gov't became # 1 in canada .
remember that ok .... chump !
minorities , i must run over .
is waiting , my 2001 honda civic .
pleased , allah would be .
lots of ketamine , he would give me .
nope because other low iq illiterates to block vote cheating their way into power together with the matrix dwelling white lib the tribal vote has power but there is hope and a change in tbe air so we shall see
well at some point being male or female is genetic so a line has to be drawn somewhere if the question is to be answered .
< user > felix said lesbian rights ♡ lesbians said dykes love felix ♡
the escalating race war by blacks across america against white people , asians ,   police , and other minorities are part of his legacy too .
simply the biggest nut > > > > > niggers be like a fucking joke , my glock , fuck my ass .
by allah you niggas are cowards
they 're more than welcome to take their brain dead asses back to their shithole country .
the usa has to make a turn .
you need competence in congress , not colored vaginas .
stop this stupid tolerance .
a person who 's obviously stupid has no place in the government .
i can tell you that colleges in new york are very liberal , even the christian or catholic ones .
< user > remember when her dad hung out with a ukrainian neo nazi or when he called his captors gooks
no , we do n't .
up until the 60s homosexuality was n't singled out at all .
in fact for the whole of the middle ages , just about the only example i can think of homosexuals being targeted was the destruction of the knights templar by the catholic church , which itself seems to be a propaganda piece , and it 's not entirely clear they were some homosexual cult the church claimed they were .
you have a brief , maybe 30 years of response to a shift in culture , with no exact clarity what the next 30 years will look like .
people of color is like lgbtq term that exists to try to make a coalition out of people who do not get along hispanics ethnically cleanse blacks asians are hurt by aa policies put in place for nams political lesbians hate trannies various do not trust bisexuals we can amplify these tensions
i think those tits need to be abused and your mouth open .
got a peek @ the trailer of # halfgirlfriend .
blown by the intensity and what haunting music !
congrats @chetan_bhagat @mohit11481 @misschamko
what is important is the the downward trajectory has been stopped ... for now .
but low prices are now taking a toll regardless of the tax structure .
what is also interesting is that weilechowski was once a big advocate for tax credits .
but now he 's a critic .
why do you suppose this flip - flop ?
you 're pretty for an asian .
it fills me with money but it does not fill my fucking bag .
precisely nazi armbands are catnip to libs because as symbols they permit easy pigeonholing of the wearer and cartoonish amplification of any threat he presents in contrast iotbw is using shitlibs psy ops weaponry against them i love it
< user > < user > this has nothing to do with ching chong kim jong
so is god the number one murderer since we all die , and that makes it ok for us mortals to murder other people ?
shit ur chinese , you should slurp dem niggas titties to dem white supremists and get that ass spanked by ur parents u fucking disgrace fuck up
what 's the difference between a tragedy and a catastrophe ?
a tragedy is when a boat full of immigrants sinks , a catastrophe is when all of them can swim .
why are so many middle aged men going to japan ?
google the age of consent in japan .
if all we lose is dairy supply management , then most canadians will be delighted .
it ’ bad enough the caucasians shade me for my name but my own ppl be mocking me the spelling is different 😡
there 's a podcast you might find reassuring called * latter day lesbian * .
it 's a middle aged woman telling the story of how she left the church when she realized she was gay , and the fallout and different reactions she experienced as well as her own inner turmoil through it .
hang in there , and hopefully your mother sees some sense
we need some way to co - opt ' end free movement ' to argue for ending the free movement of capital instead .
another long day & amp ; i got to ignore all of you loser # paypigs&#128055 ; tomorrow is payday & amp ; you owe me your # tribute # findomme & # 128184;&#128120;&#127996;@rtp37 @irt4findom
the liberals carry on with their dangerous populist agenda of wealth confiscation to the cheers of their envious and spiteful base .
trudeau leads the mob with cries of make them " pay a little more " .
it is the bottom 50 % of tax filers as a group do n't pay enough income tax to cover the cost of health services they receive , never mind pay for infrastructure , education , national defense , and the cost of government bureaucracy .
it is obvious who really needs to " pay a little more " .
so is god the number one murderer since we all die , and that makes it ok for us mortals to murder other people ?
mass immigration .
housing prices are only going to go up , as long as africans and asians refuse to use birth control .
i get this sinking feeling this year is going to be a wild ride
we have < number > million invaders and refugees work hard for them
i 'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave
my rising is good news for born again caucasians and the believing black people it not so good for the white men burning to the dead goats pigs elephants those who come back out of the bottomless pit no one like trump a black man in a white man body
" she 's just stopping by one quick drink " " hello , goodbye " " the one who got away did n't even try to make her stay "
you both look like a couple of attention seeking mongoloids .
i hope the next attention you get is from a coroner .
yeah , raid beijing and take the fuckers out
i do n't understand the " racial component " comment .
whites split their votes more than any other race .
hispanics , blacks , jews , asians all vote more racially , and more racially cohesive , than whites to .
why is n't this ever criticized ?
a :   hypocrisy .
bullshit .
the communist party using nationalism or selective historical narratives to shore up its legitimacy in order to confuse the west ! ! ? ?
chinese communist do n’t represent china ’s centuries - long history or any past ruined dynasties of china .
chinese communist party which was founded only four years after as governed the people ’s republic of china from the republic ’s founding in 1949 until today .
by early 1966 , during the cultural revolution was a period of astonishing barbarism , some 15 million people were killed , when there is not enough to eat people starve to death .
it is better to let half of the people die so that the other half can eat their fill .
" just read the comments to this post " 
 there are four posts at this time .
henry made a simple statement .
thor thinks trump made some errors , but then blames the media and the democrats , so he 's singing your tune .
i doubt you think your comment is anything except erudite , insightful , and sophisticated .
that leaves my comment .
please show us where i am being crude , foul , or obscene ?
and , believe me , when it comes to barack obama or hillary clinton , conservatives on this website can be just as crude , foul , or obscene , so do n't be so superior .
laicization is easier to understand if you think , not in terms of priesthood and sacramental ordination , but in terms of the clerical state and clerical status .
laicization at least assumes the validity of ordination , but definitively removes the authority of the cleric to act as a cleric would except in emergencies and other closely defined instances ( like teaching in a catholic school , college , university or seminary ) .
the only other status that church law recognizes is the lay state , hence a man [ sic ] who has lost his clerical " privileges " is said to be " reduced to the lay state , " to obviate any consideration of the laicized man exercising clerical or priestly functions without further action by the holy see .
@charliekirk11 @ilhanmn when will @nancypelosi get control of her demoncrats.this @ilhanmn is trying to start trouble in america and when it gets started .. good luck on trying to stop it without installing marshall law .. this is what muslims , antifa , muslim terriosts want.they will get more than they think
< user > as if only eating pussy is what makes someone a lesbian
rt @_xxrehana : damn disgusting i wanna cry https://t.co/gavmojoilr
how clueless can you get ?
the fact that walker is trying to sell an energy project is proof that it does not make sense .
did governor parnell go to conferences to lure eni , repsol , armstrong , pioneer / caelus and hillcorp to invest in alaska ?
heck no .
the energy world is small and everyone knows where you can and ca n't make money .
no one had to tell these oil companies to come to alaska , because at the time they knew it made sense .
walker 's lng project does not make economic sense .
and he ca n't fool people that know more about energy economics than he does .
and then there is walker 's track record in screwing energy companies .
the state makes a deal with oil companies , and then walker pulls the plug on the deal and does n't pay $ 350 million owed to oil companies in tax credits .
does he think the folks in singapore are not aware of this ?
does he think that asians are too dumb to realize how 3rd world clueless and corrupt the walker regime is ?
what a waste .
white women please take you heads out from your butts i do not want to be raped by shitskins stop welcoming them for god sake
90 % of these homeless people do n't want to change .
we just need to kick them the hell out of our country .
trade them to mexico for people willing to carry their own weight .
it 's almost hard to believe the shayateen were locked away this ramadan with the way some of you were acting .
@alaquannd what you laughing at hoe
< user > protecting illegal aliens and not men and women in blue 😡 😡
you and your fellow ladies better get your shit sorted out now because a bunch of gook chicks who get plastic surgery to look more white a ton of white women who let themselves become obese
@badh_badh_baba @ertugru66904008 @lndianpresident @jayashree_ravis @zainabsikander lol .... you ripped the retard right in the middle .... bloody rice bag hindu hating converts .
@lukedennehy then all religions are hate groups what a banal and meaningless article .
you 're attributing to the norwegian system what are actually qualities of the population .
the exact same system with exact same principles would not work elsewhere as well as it does in norway .
where do you get this stuff ?
i mean really , please enlighten me i want to check it out myself .
one caveat : ca n’t be a samdizat source ...
this is just proofs how peacefull palestina and the people supporting them are
philippines is one sick country .
they do n't treat their sewage so pollute their seas .
birth control pills were invented 50 years ago .
by now their drugged urine has tricked down to their underground drinking water .
filipino women have the highest rate of mammary cancer in asian women .
there are too many people and not enough infrastructure to support their waste treatments .
do n't buy their food products .
let them sell to other countries .
maybe dump them in mindanao .
best way to kill them is to feed them their own food .
try not to stay in commute with her for about a month or two , then hit back hard .
she would probably have missed your company if you guys have n't talked to for a while and when you kino , she would respond .
as long as you seem different ( more confident , etc ) upon your return .
oh , i have one of those .
got a peek @ the trailer of # halfgirlfriend .
blown by the intensity and what haunting music !
congrats @chetan_bhagat @mohit11481 @misschamko
all of these groups who are not genetically dominant , who they call blak , are all illegally here on this planet .
if they are non blak , they are invaders and destroyers , they are the vermin of the scum ! !
all non blak people ...
@sushmaswaraj @narendramodi rot in hell , mother of terror , may peace never come to you .
burn her body and post videos you moron indian nation
the sad fact is that this is how he and his arab brethren would see her kind too .
do nuns still take vows of poverty these days ?
i know they are evil catholics but that always blew my mind how the nuns had to do that but priests did n't .
i think all pastors and religious figures should have to take vows of poverty .
what do you call a cat with a slit throat ?
a chinese ketchup bottle
my last fishing trip with my brother tommorrow night before his first is born if our trip is tainted by blacks bullying or asians mexicans taking over i am gon na go apeshit if you do not live in the midwest you do not understand
i 've been locked out of my twitter account yet @gab @a are always there for me 🙌 🏻 

 conservatives are n't allowed to have a voice .
well , if you take a nato member like bulgaria or latvia you will see that they " improved their economy " by losing most of their industrial power and most of their young people who left in search of meaningful jobs .
they went from being   some of the most advanced in the soviet block to abandoned wastelands manipulated by the western powers .
trust so fucked up i feel like everybody trying to play me & # 129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
if this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in india ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor .
i have a fucking econ test tomorrow and i feel like i m not in the mood to study
i 'm so glad i do n't have a sister 
 i do n't want to experience the mental trauma er and other incels suffer of having one .
why put restrictions on us , this is our land ... who did we hurt , we do n't go to other countries and give them restrictions .
every account i 've checked so far on these " russian bots " is a porn bot , has nothing to do with politics
rapping the sissy fag url
ben you seem to be confusing a corrupt political practice with racism .
or maybe you are a liberal politician .
it happened to be a chinese\liberal event so let the racism accusation die there .
this is happening in all circles .
canadian tax payer money is at risk because of favors granted to the people that go to these events .
not just chinese people !
these dinners are wrong .
why is there always some liberal beating the racism drum and not seeing the real picture .
you ca n't hide everything by screaming racism .
if you have n't noticed there has been a lot of these articles about liberal sponsored dinners .
how ridiculous .
sensitive people ruined the reputation of direct confrontation now you are a thug or a ghetto bastard for doing so
sure they have a right to be with their mother .
they 're more than welcome to live with her in her country of origin but not in the us because she has no rights in this country as an illegal noncitizen .
the more the fruits of knowledge become accessible to men , the more widespread is the decline of religious belief . – #
adnlovesinspiteof ❤ ️
some bitch dropped her beer bottle last night at deol and glass went everywhere and somehow ended up in my shoe and my foot hurts
as for your parroting of the gun controller 's " first world " talking point .
define " first world " countries for me and give your objective standard .
what you , and the gun control bigots , actually mean are majority white , mostly ethnically and culturally homogenous , northern and western european nations , plus a few asian countries and city states with similar demographics .
now , setting aside the very real problems with cross - cultural comparisons in general , you might note , if you knew what you were talking about , that the nations to which you refer had those same lower rates of homicide compared to us -prior- to their passing -any- gun control laws .
gun control in europe is primarily an artifact of the post - wwi ( post - russian revolution ) period , when , there as in the us , public and governmental fear of the native poor , immigrants , often from eastern europe , often jewish , and minorities , all viewed as vulnerable to enticement by reds and anarchists , led to calls for them to be disarmed .
" i am the least racist person there is anywhere in the world , " # trump told reporters tuesday.#really anywhere ? #
liar # liarinchief # stop # pleasestop
2019 america is so retarded and gay 😖
one fat man can change the world ... ... or just blow up japan .
i hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals .
> that 's the most asian - looking ethnic germans i 've ever seen .
i came here to pick at that . [ ... ]
mikasa 's whole background story about her family revolves around her being one of the * last * oriental people around .
blackpill for the day : if you were ' not that bad looking ' , you would n't be in the situation you are right now
do n't waste your breath arlene .
neither bh or his buddy freddy listen to anyone but themselves and those who support their views 100 % .
given that my friend is quite fit and these gaters were not , they quickly departed at the next stop , instead of " debating " further .
linda :   regarding your implication that the court issued a friendship decision . . .
on the walls of the us supreme court are written the words of arguably the best justice to ever serve in that capacity .
i hope i get it right ( it 's been a long time since i was there and read it ) .
" if you came here looking for justice , you came to the wrong place .
this place is not about justice , it is about the law . "
that is how you can end up with perhaps the worst decision of the supreme court ever ( dred scott ) and how you end up with roe v wade ( although on it try with a middle of road court the vote was 5 - 4 , yet later with a conservative court the vote went 6 - 3 in favor ) .
the alaskan supreme court works the very same way .
they do not vote to make either friends or enemies , they vote for the law .
if you expect or demand justice , you are likely to be disappointed​ as they vote the law .
hey , i honestly do n't see how you extrapolated that here .
i do n't think anyone is saying that , but rather arguing about the historical integration of sexual minorities ( i 'm a sexual minority as well ) into broader societal traditions such as marriage and family - building .
i 'm sorry you 've lost so many friends :( and being trans for sure is n't easy .
it 's worth it to hear and understand all sides of the debate .
a different perspective is n't " toxic " necessarily .
love and hugs 💕
i demand all globalists surrender their jobs to someone else throw the locks away on their homes tear down any fences around them and invite refugees into said structure after all is not that what they are asking of john q public sauce for the goose vfm maga altright
< user > “ asians are the cause of everything bad ”
i hate fags because of this shit .
aye , well in that case cheers for making me clarify my reasoning a bit further .
to be more clear , i consider sexual orientation and therefor the sex of your romantic partners to be completely trivial matters in the eyes of ( a normal ) society , meaning that we should accept is as is and not make a fuss about it .
to be even more clear , that 's in the eyes of a society , for an individual that is of course a big deal in life .. what matters is that there is love and that the people are good and kind , with whom matters not .
i 'm being sincere here , you have no idea what my politics are , you assume what they are and in nearly every case you would probably be wrong .
insult trump and the republicans all you want , i do n't care .
put the democrats on a pedestal and think they are so very honest and interested in your well being   that 's fine too .
a little glimpse into my politics here , so pay attention .
i think both sides are messed up beyond all recognition and deserve the harshest criticism from we the people .
all the other " stuff " you mention is deflecting the fact that real and tangible actions could have been taken by 400 - 500 people , but instead you had a hypocritical , narcissistic , meaningless parade .
oh and david , what does that other " stuff " have to do with climate change ?
not a darn thing .
just you trying to demean and dismiss anyone who disagrees with you .
if you ca n't convince or bully them to agree with you , then silence them .
yep , i can see you 're a big first amendment supporter you are .
thanks for donating $ 70 k into the parks service , mr. trump .
it almost helps us forget that you want to gut the interior dept by $ 2bil .
# wrestlemania the ramp leading up to the ring is fucking ridiculous i would die of exhaustion walking up n down that bastard
comparing these pictures to pictures with serbs i do n't see much difference between them and albanians , the same dinaric and mediterranean subtypes .
i 'd say yes , because when the whites took over again they killed all the yellows and their offspring and started off right again .
dreams .
each man longs to pursue his dream .
each man is tortured by this dream , but the dream gives meaning to his life .
congratulations pakistan .. love from uganda
it more it news community looks into the lives of people we d otherwise not know let get real too not so many ghetto phone dindus and skanks
that a retarded non argument the bible is also a best seller in communist china
i feel not bi enough .. dealing with it right now as everyone is all " happy pride month " and i 'm just like .. normal feeling .
from sandy hook to columbine to ivy league schools , no child at any age is safe .
teachers , staff , parent volunteers , school bus drivers ... and of course the responding officers .
no one is safe , and that is the scary reality we live in .
other than questioning that islam is not peaceful and that queers are not born that way
any room for me between there ?
and it only white countries forced to diversify black brown countries never do you do not see the un jew arabs forcing whites into mexico south america or any islamic countries north korea china japan they can stay as slant as they fucking want but white peaceful countries we need diversity fuck that
clean all of it , cuck .
clean her messy pussy .
clean his big cock .
suck his balls .
lick her asshole .
this is your place .
do n't argue .
just do it . #
cuckold # hotwife # cuckoldcaptions # creampiecleanup # cumcleanup # pussyworship url
it ’ bad enough the caucasians shade me for my name but my own ppl be mocking me the spelling is different 😡
a little bit racist will ?
europeans were not as bad as you claim them to be .
y'all females so stupid , y' all rather fuck with the plug and catch a felony , record , and get y' all kids taking from y' all .
all behind a dumb ass nigga who ca n't even get a job at mcdonald 's sis ?
😂 dumbasses
what do you call an unoriginal post on this community ?
i do n't know .
i 'm just a guy who bought a russian 6yo to be my wife because my last one flew away in the wind because she 's jewish .
at least this new one is n't black , else she 'd have me pay child support and name our kid la'pray .
welp , guess i got ta do a sewerside bombing i 'm brown and a client of mine did n't pay for his cocaine haha 9/11 adíos 

 edit .
forgot to mention i also engage in necrophilia with my dead sister
power to the people !
she is authentic in her fight for social justice .
ours is a country so lacking in any sort of cultural foundation that we allow ourselves to be repeatedly owned by moldovan teenagers online
i feel like this could go mtf and ftm purely bc of trans power ™ and the power of respect for our fellow ' fugitives ' ™
hey i m asian and i rike brack peopre try me bitch !
" unforgettable ipl moments : " " mumbai indians chased 191 in 14.4 overs against rr in 2014 and qualified to play off " " "
fuck me in the psych ward
we call chinese to everyone who looks asian .
that 's what i meant .
i think stepping in dog or human feces is about the same .
i would rather step in moose poop 100 times than dog / human once .
not including to police remains as pure ' bigotry ' on the part of black lives matter & those of the pride community who do not want to allow ' everyone ' to take part .
opportunistic precocious black lives matter has hooked deep into ' american branding ' & ragged history of the ' excited states of america ' .
and by golly , its certainly workin ' out for 'em , eh ?
strange how they stick to toronto though .. why not protest up in canada 's north or eastern or western regions for that matter .
john tory is just another political animal who did n't cut it as top dog in provincial politics - so now that he 's made drum majorette of toronto city hall , the dear man wants to make sure that he is ' beloved ' by ' all ' his constituents .. 

 toronto city hall is a ' universe ' unto itself where manipulation is the name of the game & where attack dog cunning works ... gimme gimme gimme .. the hallmark of blm & jt .. 

 hmm ...   jt , of course being john tory -- but if political connotation fits -- wear it mr. trudeau .. 

 /.
no , islam is not a race .
followers may be caucasian , arabic , black , or asian ... some liberals ca n't seem to grasp basic english ...
quote : " pierre trudeau made multiculturalism a key plank in his plan to destroy english canada " .
you are right .
here in vancouver we have sikhs taxi drivers , philippino nannies , hispanic gardeners , ukrainian bakeries , chinese accountants , thai restaurants , mexican restaurants , not to mention the poles , the russians , the italians , the greeks , the vietnamese , the place is crawling with foreign students , there are even a few french people around .
the english are now hiding terrified in point grey , ca n't even find a decent place to go for tea .
your neighbour could be gay and you would not know about it .
terrible , absolutely terrible .
i retrospect it pretty obvious to see that obama is pro muslim if not a muslim himself he stabbed israel in the back tried to give millions to the palestinians and literally gave iran pallets full of money to help them further there nuclear and missile program
very strange considering he records everything being a paraplegic .
good point .
i missed that .
@whoisivanna the rest of latin america fetishize and sexualize these countries people and culture , but y' all not ready to talk about that
< user > the wrench and hammer are deep fake additions that chinazi pig came over ready to kill someone
poland and hungary will be the last white countries on earth and the niggers and shitskins will use the american military power that they stole from whites once they outbred them and destroy them .
please support grace foods brands .
tropical sun - an asian family have ripped off the entire range of jamaican and african products .
fart at a chinese restaurant ?
blame it on the dog
yeah and if someone said anything that started with note to females they 'd be called an alt right nazi
considering that us keeps 50,000 troops in japan plus 50,000 more civilians supporting the troops and that japan only pays $ 2b a year for the service , it is not paying enough .
toyota must show how good of a corporate citizen it really is .
scarpitti is corrupt and all in with the chinese - that 's how he stays on top .
it is not in the public 's best interest to let more foreign chinese buyers in .
look at the schools - all funding for chinese and the rest of us get left holding the bag .
look at the medical system and hospitals - half these folks buying homes pay little to no taxes and are geting a free ride .
i can go on forever but the point is , limit the chinese and kick justin 's ass to the curb .
another corrupt and unethical politician - trudeau 's days are numbered !
i am offended because nigger faggot kike spic chink gook cracker
you ignorant white man remember the system put in place for us to do all of this putting us against each other and making us insecure because we could n't protect our women and children leads to problematic actions down the line it 's bred into the generations .
too bad for the europeans americans then apparently australia is kinda square funny how all these lower tier male illegal immigrants from the red belt below still have not managed to swing these areas into female positive territory it like the females do not live as long for some reason
jewtube is pushing the royal wedding so hard i do nt give a rats behinders if some royal prince wants to muddy his bloodline england is fuct up with paki rape gangs but forget about that there s a royal wedding high pitched girl squeels puke
a lot of hate directed towards russia would they use the same yard stick for jews , moslems and chinese .
doubt it ................
i had a black friend that gave me a cologne in a glass jar he called obama oil ...
do not be mixing their homosexual tendencies with the animes they were fags before they watched some nip cartoons
edgy girls are worse than edgy guys .
they just collect skulls instead of chickens or some other shit .
the only quote missing is " i do n't care how much it costs , i will save the state money ... " by the governor .
harriot tubman should n't be on the $ < number > bill she should be on a $ < number > bill
the mafia exists in quebec .
lemme think , where did many of their forebears emigrate from ?
asian gangs exist in many places in canada .
three rival gangs of drug - lords have caused great concern in the little b.c. town of williams lake .
i mean , drive - bys and shoot outs !
oh , wait .
darn it .
ca n't blame " foreigners " for this dangerous criminal activity .
these are first nations gangs .
( source : g&m , may 1 , 2016 )
paternity tests should be mandatory before listing the father 's name on a birth certificate .
it 's okay , i have gay friends .
their side blacks muslims lesbians tweety birds college profs africa journalists scientist the bitchy gay guys meryl streep and nfl that right goddell u fuck rino mccain and democrats pizza and hotdogs
yep the us census bureau officially classifies arabs and jews as white
< user > < user > < user > < user > please do not refer to us asians as ching chong just because you disagree with a kpop stan it makes you just as trash as them
ban hollywood let the chinese sit with an empty shell we can build another one in another state cali is too infected with migrants pedophiles replace brn migrants w white european refugees china has a huge appetite for white slaves lots of kids pass thru that machine < user >
jesus never met a chinaman
start selling at liberal fundraisers
< user > they don ’ t care about americans they only care about illegal immigrants
< user > < user > mohamed didn ’ t keep any slaves you nazi bigot mohamed and islam are a religion of peace blacklivesmatteruk
why listen to the same old hate america and show that mental illness is a good thing to evolve into ? ?
deport them immediately .
these are inhumane conditions and look like concentration camp .
the hard truth is that many minorities simply ca n't compete academically with asian and white students .
what most people do n't know is that the best predictor of success on the sat is race , not socioeconomic status .
even poor asian students fresh off the boat will routinely outperform wealthy blacks and hispanics .
this is n't racism .
it is what it is .
fuck all muslim get a life .
bitches really is stupid dumb ass bitch
to this date , none of dr. martin l king 's children have had children of their own .
what is your point ?
do you speak english ?
" do n't open your door " ice is n't the police they 'll get you one way or another
i have never seen an asian woman dating an asian man .
they like the white man they re - force wiggers and our detrimental towards our cause .
cpamikei
omg i 'm jelly as far as i know i 'm the only lgbt+ person in my family ( well kinda , when i told my mom i was bi years ago before i figured out oh wait no just gay , she told me she was a little attracted to women too but never acted on it , but i do n't think she identifies as bi )
lmao !
" it 's hard being a woman in journalism .
you have to fight for your own story sometimes , " @jkbjournalist said in a must - read interview with her and @janemayernyer .
url url
the committee has no legitimacy particularly since monsef has been caught committing immigration fraud .
btw she must be in hiding because the enviro min is chairing the committee now
' get it together jules you .
do nt .
get .
sick . '
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
actually you are the farce .
you post endlessly about some grand conspiracy by asians to rob white canadians of their homes .
you ’re a disgrace .
the tax obviously works .
the number of foreign buyers has dropped off a cliff and leveled out .
the govt certainly did not intend to crush the market , only to cool it .
decent job i ’d say and the market and the giant industry it supports keeps churning while bitter bigots like you keep crying .
thanks i agree more repub mexicans blacks asians you get the picture
this is a temporary solution .
the real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
i think danny devito should play mulan .
i mean , race and sex does n't matter anymore , so pick somebody who actually has talent .
also lmao at her shooting a bow xd where did they get this failed abortion ?
isssa mah dooty to fight teh mongorians tryna break down mah sheeety wall bing bong ching ching dong
yahoo.com/news/countries-miserable-eu-yes-uk-one-131931246.html … uk will blame russia as usual for staging their brexit !
i got ta say as a woman i love it and white boys can not get hired these days because of these cunt feminazi demanding diversity choosing shitskins over kin not that i want to see our men reduced to this but payback is a bitch
omg - compared to wynne 's liberals and the level of scandals , lies and corruption , i ca n't believe you expect anyone to take your comment seriously !
i 'm on a mad fucking hype after that match jesus fuckin christ
what is ironic about the lgbt < allcaps > flag ?
all the colors are straight .
it 's 2017 not 1817 .
rotherham must have it day of reckoning it can only be the deportation of every paki muslim and the imprisonment of every police chief since < number > and every councillor mayor mp and lord ahmed of rotherham
but one can not deny that the greatest responsibility for this war goes to france and great britain , after all those are those two nations who have declared war in germany ...
where was the little girl when the little boy arrived ?
everywhere .
@tatertotiana @raystaucin @saymzfacade that sounds like the niggas you been dealing with everybody ai n't boring it 's plenty of niggas out here who have all of that but y' all do n't pay attention to them cause y' all think they corny or whatever prime example this picture we under y' all do the most for no reason
there had better damn well be no blanket amnesty to the extent that if granted a path to citizenship the dreamers can sponsor their illegal immigrant parents or anyone else in their family .
if , and this is a big if , something can be done for them - and being arrested while demanding america give them amnesty is not the way to go - no chain migration citizenship whatsoever .
my prediction ?
the dummycrats will not negotiate in good faith but will themselves demand blanket amnesty for the dreamers , which will be a show stopper .
the hypocrisy is stunning : 

 " jack ma , the billionaire founder of e - commerce giant alibaba , suggested this week that the u.s. would have done better spending trillions of dollars over the last 30 years on infrastructure , as china has done , rather than on defence and foreign wars . "
yes , jack ma , who copied the e - commerce models of amazon and others and then relied on those original us pioneers being kept out of the chinese market by his beijing masters .
such soothing words from he chinese leadership .
but travel to china itself and it is clear : foreigners and dogs are almost equal in the eyes of the chinese : almost .
at least dogs can be cooked and eaten .
what do you call an american rice cooker ?
a falling nuke
if you take advantage of a woman 's love ... you actually deserve to burn in hell .
" " " baby girl that pussy wetter than chicken noodle soup " " @kodakblack1k "
manlet uprising going about as expected .
+ christophersmith588 misogynist .
bomb and wipe them out and get it over with .
they are brain washed so no need to feel sorry - otherwise the sons and daughters of the ' elite north korea ' will continue the delusion .
wipe them out .
i d rather get fisted by a nigger tbh
almost 4 and my release is not here&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580 ; fucking wanna go home
nope .
i 'm not .
you 're the crank who was triggered the other day about a footbridge in rino .
you cried repeatedly about how your tax dollars were being spent on a bridge so " teh millennials " could use it to go to coffee shops .
lol .
oh wait , do you really believe the things you post ?
that 's even worse .
if sans flangi cries about black coffee in rino on another thread then jokes about asians drinking black coffee on this thread is he a crank or a troll ?
one of the universe 's great mysteries .
great doc abt how east asians commit less crime than whites even though they are a racial minority and the apparent victims of horrible white racism
the job of legislators is to give the ‘ people ’ the chance to do their jobs correctly , whether it be police , prosecutors judges , or prison officials by providing them with the money and the tools to succeed , hopefully without breaking the bank while doing that ,   with sb91 , legislators did the opposite with the judges .
legislators derailed the ability of judges to both protect the public as well as punish the criminal element .
they did this in a number of ways most notably by reducing sentencing times .
unless sentences imposed by judges were unconstitutionally harsh , this makes absolutely no sense whatsoever , except for monetary reasons .
what legislators did was to take tools away from ak 's judges .
in the end , legislators said they were in a better position and more knowledgeable than the judges on how criminals should be handled and sentenced , and the public protected .
sadly , this was just flat out wrong .
my pussy is like the u.s. prison system minorities are overrepresented
a study has found that lesbian couples are twice as likely to divorce as heterosexual couples hardly surprising it not hard to walk out the door when there two locks and no key
so when do we put a bag over trudeau 's head for destroying white culture in canada with muslim and chinese immigration ? ?
it remains to be seen if asians can produce any good philosophers chinese universities now actually discuss at a high level western thought criminals like carl schmidt unlike western universities full of actual communists so i guess we will see if they manage to turn anything good out
a guy in calgary told me bettman plans to retire this year .
they are looking for his successor .
trump addresses liberty university .
surprise , surprise !
tomorrow precap lit sidharth shukla wow yaar i think he will kill all the task in season bb13 bigg boss 13
exactly ! ! !
but rea thinks that housing should always go up ! ! !
even if it caused a crash or a recession
the migrants currently bringing * diversity and culture * to germany will love shitting all over the place and wiping their hands on the interior windows .
< user > < user > < user > he wants a white ethnostate and thinks that the holocaust did nt happen and that the jew globalists control everything
forsterbarry writes " the democrats who openly advocate open borders . "
that 's as true as most of what forsterbarry posts .
thanks for your valuable perspective .
i wish you have included some possible fixes ( diagnosis ) for this .
do you feel parents take advantage too often with kids ( ex .
needless visit due to sniffles ) ?
is immigration becoming a factor ( recent arrivals with ailments and no family doctors ; is it possible there is some fraud going on ) ?
is it a lack of equipment as well ?
should there be more off - site ( away from hospital ) emergency rooms ?
can more orderlies ( lower pay ) provide a better assistance ?
are there logistical issues that never get dealt with that would help ?
is it just a money and the need for more doctors ?
i broke up with my japanese gf the other day .
was pretty hard .
had to drop the bomb twice before she understood what i meant .
charlie daniels ‏ < user > twitter assad of syria has said in an interview that there were terrorists among the refugees check it out
omg i 'm jelly as far as i know i 'm the only lgbt+ person in my family ( well kinda , when i told my mom i was bi years ago before i figured out oh wait no just gay , she told me she was a little attracted to women too but never acted on it , but i do n't think she identifies as bi )
@kevinmkruse @tinamorphis god even sends half ass lying preachers to hell .
just send this lying bastard your 10% ........ that 's why he 's lying his ass off .
he 's telling bigots what they want to hear for , money !
those titles are all combat arms specialties that i served in .
they mean that i spent twenty ( 20 ) years on active duty watching women who were too weak , too small , or too wimpy to perform combat tasks without risking the lives of others .
transgender is just another wimpy excuse to have sex changes paid for by the military for people who will be a hazard to those risking their lives in combat .
another reason it might say so in the census is because whites like me refused to fill out the census , to deliberately help skew it towards whinorities .
no offense but from pictures of the downed assailant and videos the man does n't look middle eastern .
i 'm just saying .
he may be muslim in faith but definitely not middle eastern and likely very much an extremist .
intj introvert ( 11 % ) intuitive ( 38 % ) intuitive thinking ( 38 % ) judging ( 22 % ) you have slight preference of introversion over extraversion ( 11 % ) you have moderate preference of intuition over sensing ( 38 % ) you have moderate preference of thinking over feeling ( 38 % ) you have slight preference of judging over perceiving ( 22 % )
all of these groups who are not genetically dominant , who they call blak , are all illegally here on this planet .
if they are non blak , they are invaders and destroyers , they are the vermin of the scum ! !
all non blak people ...
13   black congressmen boycotted trump inauguration in no small part because he dared mention black   on black murder in chicago during the election .
black leaders   keep say america needs a dialogue on race relations but run way when it happens .
nazi assholes < number > good republican < number > joke antifa hezbollah sandniggers10 little bitch mellenial < number > stupid democrats that just veiw cause scard < number > lmfao stupid dems open there mouths < number > only few have balls lmfao
you mean " anti - christians . "
christ in the christian bible actually taught the opposite of the bigoted attitudes represented in this article 's poll .
he would have both given fish and taught fishing , or whatever metaphorical equivalent to both generosity and mind - expansion .
how pissed are you if you are japanese chinese korean ya know real asians and now the goat fuckers are called asian too to avoid calling them arabs
children that do not even exist you bottom feeding retarded sjw go back to twitter if you want to be a virtue signaling libtard
people still cook i though bad pizza shitty beer and ghetto ball ruled guess i wuz rong
exactly ! ! !
but rea thinks that housing should always go up ! ! !
even if it caused a crash or a recession
issue is not just islam non white immigration is an issue as whole non moslem black brown is as vile and violent rapist thieff thug as moslem ones are only difference is they do not engage in terror attacks yet issue is racial non whites have no place in white lands period
chinese people are really , really stupid .
climate change is a fact .
there are only three questions : 

 how much of it is man - made ?
the realistic answers range from " a lot " to " all " .
can we do anything about it , or is it too late ?
it 's probably too late .
maybe if something had been done after kyoto , it might have been ameliorated .
how bad is it going to be ?
to take just one example , if the sea level rises by two meters , baton rouge will be a seaport .
it appears that you are blindly accepting what you are told by the koch brothers .
how can chinks see ?
they have such permanently deformed slits where their eyes should be ....
first , it seems appropriate to place that burden on a future generation because any benefit from rail lives in the future .
borrowing for infrastructure projects at this historical moment is affordable .
second , my arguments are not circular .
rail costs were willfully and admittedly underestimated by proponents who knew that voters would not consent to the true costs .
if cost overruns are inevitable as you say , that 's a reason to include those overruns in your projections , but the politicians responsible for rail trumpeted the lowest estimates .
that the city can not afford to build the full line at or near cost due to their own incompetence ought not be rewarded with a perpetual font of money .
third , i was careful to phrase my argument as the potential to benefit .
obviously , direct benefits from government goods are not universal .
what potential to benefit from the rail do residents of hawaii kai have ?
the simple fact of the matter is that if every incel in this sub was an 8+/10 male , this sub would n't exist 
 there 's simply no way around it .
i would like to say this law holds no difference in what we already deal with but in fact it is a future of issues of 2018 and all it will take is a major cause of act that will take over american free speech and will democercy belifes being pushed from germany new law over our own constitution .
< user > i m a slut and hoe
i never thought about race in terms of iq or nationalism it wasn t until the stupid left under dindunuffin obama that the anti white screed began to get loud and now i am a white nationalist thanks to the racist left i am embracing my ancestry my genes my origins white and proud
islamaphobia is absolutely ugly and i truly stand w the muslims esp hijabi women who deal with it on a day to day basis
london that the former capital city where the natives are a minority right the one with a sand nigger muslim as mayor
my mom : that girl in the car is so pretty , her eyes are so beautiful ... talking about hannah&#129303 ; @ciatto_hannah
spanish .
got ta connect with my heritage .
practiced in a fuckin hailstorm today yo i ve never been so cold
when u tell ppl ur ultimate goal is to work for yourself they give all types of side eyes , stares like u do n't know what you are talkin bout
a correction : cardinal navarrete did not enunciate a “ policy invalidating baptisms conducted using gender - neutral references to the trinity ( e.g. , " creator , redeemer and sanctifier " ) instead of the traditional male references . ”
once one is validly baptized , the baptism is forever .
there are some baptisms which are not recognized as valid .
anyone , even one who is not baptized , can baptize using the formula “ i baptize you in the name of the father , and of the son , and of the holy spirit ” while pouring water on the baptized sufficient that it flows .
baptisms of the church of jesus christ of the latter day saints are not recognized even though they do this because they teach that the father , son , and holy spirit are men , not persons in the one triune god .
baptisms using odd references such as “ creator , redeemer and sanctifier ” because they are not the formula given by christ himself and because no one but the baptizer knows what those words signify .
when many people mostly white talk about hispanics being naturally conservative they think just because most of them are family oriented and not in agreement with a radical gay agenda and other libtard obsessions that they are conservative in the larger view as too article mentions not true houck is right
i stand corrected .
i 'll rephrase : 
 every single conservative ( of any faith , agnostic and atheist - all ) believes the earth is 6,000 years old ?
i do n't think so .
hate bitches who swear they mfkn somebody 🖕 🏾. come direct or shut up w / your irrelevant fraudulent ass . #
fakesamoan 🙄
what do you call winning battle royale in china ?
winner winner dog dinner
apparently today that ghetto culture i for one am utterly sanguine at our dysgenic future
@kendilaniannbc looks like all american born residents will have to carry passports and birth certificates well those of color .
shameful .
do nt got worry bout shit when your self employed and eating crab legs and steak at home .
your gay autist go eat your nightly can of beans
my mom is the best mother in the world , when i see a card that my mother gave me , i remember her skills and her beautiful face .
gabriel r.
wanna get raped i m so horny < sad >
i love when white boys wear those tight ass shorts 😗
ethnics should be kicked out of america 
 honestly i m tired of ethnics such as myself ruining such a great country
ann coulter < user > this daily trump melodrama is worth it only if he really going to build the wall cut off muslim refugees and deport illegals
first date he : “ i work with animals every day ! ”
she : “ oh how sweet !
what is it that you do ? ”
he : “ i ’m a butcher . ”
pedro gonzales no send them back home .
so they do n't have to be around hire people they hate so much .
how absurd .
we do n't even know what they 'll be voting on tomorrow .
how irresponsible .
< user > < user > the talk is about refugee indian muslim are indian citizens literally no one is talking about evicting them so please do not show your hatred for hindu and your ignorance here
the factors leading people to move can be complex .
often the causes are multi - faceted .
migrants may move across international borders to improve their lives by finding work , or in some cases for education , family reunion , or other reasons .
people may also move to alleviate significant hardships that arise from natural disasters , famine , or extreme poverty .
those who leave their countries for these reasons would not usually be considered refugees under international law .
lol there is an emergency protest in union square today at 6:30 against hillary / trump or just trump idk who s on what side anymore
yeah it been recycled news for a bit let us hope the gooks will take care of the angry eternal spearchucker once and for all there will not be reparations and reconciliation commissions once the gooks invade your shit black man
this paper should just shut up .
you guys keep saying build , build , build do n't worry about taxing the residents   oto death and worry about the tourist   now .
i 'm sick and tired of reading all this bs every day in the paper sanctuary city , roads falling apart ,   rename the airport to some asian senator , rail does not need to be completed to ala moana .
bottom line rail is a complete and utter disaster was sold on lies , misinformation , corruption , and deceit .
it was supposed to go to uh for a cost of $ 3 billion and now it 's over 10 billion to go to the shopping mall .
no one knows how much the final price tag will be or what the maintenance cost will be or how are you been in my power to this thing .
the ridership numbers are also bs this thing is not going to be having much customers because it is useless .
two of the people i am really getting sick and tired of seeing as guests on these evening news programs are that wild eyed gook malkin and the physically retarded jew krauthammer i change the channel when they come on there are others the list is growing
i want < number > walls all non white immigration stopped < number > million beaners deported blacks repatriated asians monitored and muslims removed the jews get the oven mix breeds sterilized fuck just get rid of the asians too
i 'm a sucker for colored eyes & # 128532;&#128532 ;
this is really important work you are doing .
glad you are sharing it on civil beat .
i am impressed how big of a deal is race for americans .
my upvote is yours .
i have reasons to dislike them and some reasons to like them i take the good with the bad if you have a specific answer i can answer it but i d like to remain in the holocaust subject if you do not mind
btw , she was in kunming when the uhygur muslim terrorists killed over 100 people with knives at the train station .
( guns are banned )   apparently they has some issues with han chinese discriminating against minorities .
going to see @thequinnspiracy 's movie i am so excited
i 'm a sucker for colored eyes & # 128532;&#128532 ;
< user > i hate you 😂
you 're quite wrong , bud . "
the war on drugs in canada increasingly focuses on cannabis .
in 2011 , cannabis offences accounted for 69 % of all drug offences , simple possession accounted for 70 % of all drug offences , and of these , 54 % were for cannabis possession -- an increase of 7 % since 2010 .
in 2012 , there were 109,455 drug offences in canada , 52 % were for cannabis possession .
in 2010 and 2011 , possession of cannabis still comprised over half of all drug offences . " (
2014 , boyd & carter ; killer weed ) .
one might surmise that " increases in drug offences often reflect police practices such as increased attention to particular categories of crime " ( ibid ) . "
charges for possession of cannabis in bc have doubled between 2005 and 2011 despite low public support fro the imposition of a criminal conviction for this offence " ( ibid ) .
if some brown radiologist misreads one of latrina < number > crackbabie images everyone involved in the care could be sued by better call saul for the ghetto lottery even if everything they did was appropriate based off the brown rads mistake
< user > < user > i hate you 😂
@lukedennehy then all religions are hate groups what a banal and meaningless article .
precinct and campaign meetings will confirm that it is only whites who hold any ideals about government non whites want free govt cheese and jews are crazy for power
< user > < user > biggest coward chinaman satanist lee hsien loong criminals had audible talks past few years it started in < number > he got his criminals to loiter at my 1 9 8 0 address they gossiped false information around < number > < number > and < number > marsiling lane singapore
real madrid is just las palmas in all white cr7 really is a god
the usa does not need any more rats and cockroaches , get them out !
more clear evidence of white privilege .
whites must work harder to kill whites in order to eradicate this blatant example of bias and racial inequity .
and how about asians ?
they are killed at even a lower rate than either whites or blacks .
maybe that has something to do with fewer asian illegitimate births , a strong inter - generational asian family support structure , a desire to be well - educated and have a good job and stay out of trouble .
asians are much less likely than either whites or blacks to use hard drugs and engage in criminal behavior .
white privilege is very bad indeed , but asian privilege is even worse .
asians must abandon their successful life strategies so that there will be more racial equity in homicides , illegitimate births , criminal convictions , lack of educational achievements , and unsuccessful lives .
it 's just common sense .
< user > it not fanboys it a fact you fucking retard
who cares go back to your country
y'all females so stupid , y' all rather fuck with the plug and catch a felony , record , and get y' all kids taking from y' all .
all behind a dumb ass nigga who ca n't even get a job at mcdonald 's sis ?
😂 dumbasses
people expecting live on government feed social housing and welfare have to awake : our country is not a communist and you have to earn your living by your own hand .
government intervention on the housing market will do nothing but burn down the whole economy .
market works out on   its own way and you need the gut to invest in the housing market .
way more in touch than trust fund trudeau
according to islam arabic is the language of allah louis farrakhan is the only moslem i can think of who can not read nor speak it
the naacp the c is anti anglo whites color is color so is white the caucasians deserve to be equals
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide !
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
oapi will be partnering with @crashoverridenw to provide them with the tools they need .
goys are incapable of thinking .
ctnd ... 

 and there is a huge asian pop music industry , based on " appropriations " of western music adapted to asian tastes .
most westerners find them bland and silly ... but that is what most local tastes prefer , for now , anyway .
roflol as if a bunch of queers has any concept of what a good christian or any kind of christian is or does or would do my sides
who are you criticizing as the " entitled " , the rich or the poor .
it seems you are attacking people who receive minimal government support .
i do n't care if your sick , disabled , or old and feeble , get a job and earn a living .
this is a cruel and crude attitude .
normal incels just hate cunts .
this is so stupid .
i 'm so done with life this week just fucking get be a bottle of bevy
no color , no heart , no nature , and completely out of human scale ... this shapeless dead memorial to the mediocrity of modern office park and airport construction will inspire nothing -- and certainly nobody who is forced to work within it .
kalefat muhumud no god will punish your people , stupid ...
exactly but asians are so great is the narrative then why are htey leaving their countries the chinese are here as invaders you can believ that and every time you eat chinese food you help kill off ol whitey brought to you by mcmurphy chinese food
cucumbers soak with vinegar salt and black pepper 🤤
ummmm , he did address this pre - election .
fucking clowns the modern clown evolved from blackface and minstrel shows where they d put on blackface and act like a dumb nigger and sing racist songs and make racist jokes the only difference clowns got is they paint the face white and made the hair brightly colored
adoption by gay parents is not allowed .
trans people being judged by other folks on their own self assertion and needing to be certified .
gay relationships not solemnised .
same and equal benefits for non cis folks and non straight couples .
utter nonsense .
i deal with them in person , too , quite often .
your own organizations acknowledge the demographics of their misguided , melanistically - challenged " movement " , and we have example after example of open racial bigotry among them -- patricia feral reviling alaska natives , the racial slurs , death and arson threats you feral cat extremists hurled at the monroe family in savanna , ga because they asked their animal control dept .
to trap and remove feral cats on their business property , and whale advocate john hargrove setting a world record for how many " n - words " he could slur in one drunken rant .
and i wo n't even go into the anti - asian bias of your movement .
scratch an " animal rights activist " and a white supremacist pops out like pus from a boil .
if that was the case then people would not call me a nigger just because i made a joke
personally i would prefer to see chimps with rpgs move into the house next door than let more muslims have access to nuke technology people who think more muzzies with a bombs would be wonderful can explain themselves
it 's interesting how dogs from different countries make different sounds ... for instance an american dog goes woof , a czech dog goes haf , a dutch dog goes blaf and a chinese dog goes sizzle .
looks like a raghead ran some more people over in canada let been some more in the country to fuck everything up way to go
sad but true in my state pitbull owners are usually in the ghetto or barrio i e black hispanic gangbangers or out in the boondocks trailer parks doped up white trash tweakers juggalos crim bikers pitbull ownership is highly correlated with having a felony record and or drug habit
people still cook i though bad pizza shitty beer and ghetto ball ruled guess i wuz rong
good for indiana yes ......
thank you dr. grethe cammermeyer rn , phd for your continued service to this country and this very timely defense of nas whidbey island against the coer & crew threat .
although you ( wrongfully ) opposed the health board 's resolution on jet noise , sure appreciate the assist doctor .
as to , " please have adequate information rather than causing unnecessary chaos with misinformation . "
well doctor coer & crew just love creating chaos .
our job is to stop them , get scenario a for olf and return olf to honor .
joe
how dare they beef up security , do n't they know it 's the birth right of peaceful to kill hindu pilgrims
reported .
what sub are you going to go to after they kick you off this one , you stupid fucking kid ?
your mom should have aborted you .
< user > wasn t there something in the news lately about some us political group hiring mentally ill people to foment violence not long ago coughdnccough
bangladesh awami league wishes everyone around the world a very happy , blessed and prosperous # eidulfitr # eidmubarak url
there was some fucking tea spilled at work today i thought two girls were gon na fight
start selling at liberal fundraisers
please stop !
i 'm laughing so hard at you it hurts .
@oluwaloninyo that 's why we do n't make progress as a country .
nigerians are defenders of rubbish sha .
smh
get the moslems to do it
what 's the same about black men and asian men they both ca n't see their families
given that my friend is quite fit and these gaters were not , they quickly departed at the next stop , instead of " debating " further .
@alizasukhera 1 .
i have n't said at any time that it 's ok to kill anyone muslim , hindu , atheist or whatever   2 .
there r guidelines of every religion n those who follow that r termed as follower of that .
ahmedi do n't accept islamic guidance n ca n't be termed as muslim .
muslims jews homosexuals transgenders blacks hispanics and all the other minorities in usa vote democrat even single women vote democrat the reason is hate for whitey and christianity the white man is the last person democrats want to vote for them the democrat party is very sick
all of the intersectionality olympics are bullshit , and you 're shit for playing them too .
why do they need to make sure they check off as many of the " oppressed minority " boxes they can when deciding who to put on a bill ?
just to please some shrieking harpies , and you shrieking about which boxes did or did n't get checked is just as bad .
nta .
you do n't need to want to go to pride if you do n't want to , but it still has a vital place in our community .
as for the less conventional parts of the pride parades , the majority of the bdsm and kink community have always stood up for us .
even if there were n't overlaps between queer people and being open to more creative types of sex , that community has always stood by us , like the furry community has , so they deserve to walk amongst our allies
oy vey the shoah blue bloods last night had a white guy doing polar bear hunting knockout game of elderly at least he wasn t blond this time like hawaii < number > < number > did with last nights innocent moslem framed for terror
i 've heard many horror stories about female best friends , but alhamdulillah i 've never experienced anything bad .
some of my fiancé 's best friends are girls and i love them .
they 've known each other longer and they were there through his roughest times .
i 'm glad they 're around .
url
why does no one on the right want to discuss western foreign policy ?
that is one of the biggest factors .
imagine if britain and the us did not invade iraq illegally ?
imagine they did not create lies to justify this attack ?
one could argue that none of this would be happening today .
smh
i do not know why you want mexicans out but to me it has nothing to do with crime i want asians out too and they do less crime than whites this is simply a matter of having a homeland
we want unbiased court proceedings in asaram bapu ji 's case # removeunfairpocsolaw & amp ; stop pocso misuse asap !
yes , the same wrong polls that said clinton would get more votes than trump .
oh ... wait ...
good to know that ab gets it .
" they " ?
who is they ?
do all chinese look alike to you ?
or are you just revealing your innate bigotry and racism ?
< user > wasn t there something in the news lately about some us political group hiring mentally ill people to foment violence not long ago coughdnccough
< user > < user > < user > population is alarming rate definately but you can not let people of sikh hindu christian jain n all getting their wife and daughter raped or getting forcefully married to muslim and conversion muslim do not face such problem there
yes stay off the streets history shows that communists will escalate the violence far beyond what we have seen counter protests only give their media cohorts the opportunity to frame retaliation as instigation there are more effective ways to respond
in spite of that disturbing information the republicans approved flynn .... omg
why is n't the focus on latino nations ?
think about that .
there is a fairly obvious racism when you ca n't demand that latino nations take care of their own people .
when you expect whites to shoulder the burdens you are really saying that only whites are capable of being held to a high standard .
only if i felt a group was inherently incapable of self - care would i demand others step up .
so clearly the corporate media beleives that latinos are children who whites must take in .
we stand for trump .
ur squad is full of chumps .
keep talking shit and these illegals will get some lumps .... wait hold up .
is this not the rap battle ?
@oluwaloninyo that 's why we do n't make progress as a country .
nigerians are defenders of rubbish sha .
smh
forsterbarry writes " the democrats who openly advocate open borders . "
that 's as true as most of what forsterbarry posts .
so for the # trumptreason watch party they should install massive tvs on the dc mall .
bet it 'll be bigger than his inauguration ! #
trumprussia
what 's faster than the black guy stealing your car stereo ?
a black guy stealing your bike .
what 's faster than a black guy stealing your bike ?
an asian kid doing your math homework .
what 's faster than an asian kid doing your math homework ?
the arab flying a plane into a building .
aside from being picky , they often truly hate women and see them as less than human and are n't even particularly good at concealing that .
even someone who is n't particularly conventionally attractive is likely to run as soon as they pick up on that .
you could match them with someone on tinder but they 'd get scared off soon .
< user > well that retarded
tcby with these hoes & # 128149 ; || @arabellaann @jackireininga http://t.co/auvqnogvdy
by giving them free airplane rides throughout our country , then making sure they have a job instead of deporting them .
url url
< user > labour stands as a proud ally against racism as long as you are not a little girl being groomed and raped by old asian men jewish white working class trying to earn a crust
harambe would not have wanted us to be incel 
 he did n't die for this shit 

 \#dicksoutforharambe
< user > i fucking hate you 😂
it 's not just about being " women of color " most important is what you do for people of color !
in the last 2 yrs ⁦@realdonaldtrump⁩ has done more for " people of color " than these so called " women of color ! "
name 1 thing the squad has done legislatively for people of color !
but if a guy ca nt do damage one can argue the guy on the bottom is controlling with the threat of submission or reversal .
disgusting maga you see this shit currynigger and race traitor attempting to fund a start up venture for the instant production of vomit
i know i keep hoping i wake up one day and this multiracial hell canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens .
8 years of obama whitey got the blame for all our problems , when whity is gone , who will the idiots blame !
happy statehood day !
boo to the star - advertiser for burying any mention of it to the second comment in today 's mini - editorials .
and boo to governor ige for not issuing a celebratory proclamation like cayetano did .
see " hawaii statehood -- a brief history of the struggle to achieve statehood , and current challenges " 
 http://www.angelfire.com/hi2/hawaiiansovereignty/statehoodhistandcurr.html 
 also " hawaii statehood -- straightening out the history - twisters .
a historical narrative defending the legitimacy of the revolution of 1893 , the annexation of 1898 , and the statehood vote of 1959 " at 
 http://www.angelfire.com/big09a/statehoodhistuntwistedfull.html
so you worked hard and therefore deserve to be able to pay your children for work that they have n't done in order to get your tax burden down ?
did you think about how massively subsidized your education was ?
did you realize that most of the government pensions are not fully funded ?
do you realize that most government jobs are poor paying relatively ?
she should be fired .. but she 's a liberal , black female , and works for espn ... robert e. lee , the chinese game announcer , was pulled off the game because of his name ... espn has become a racist network ...
to simply say they have freedom of speech is to oversimplify what this flag symbolizes .
it has long been a symbol of hate and intimidation not of only african americans but asians , jews , native americans , hispanics and anyone who is n't white .
if you wave it in my face and i 'm not white how should i interpret it ?
you are making a statement of hate and intolerance .
as a person of color to ignore that would be foolish and possibly dangerous .
yet another life saving development coming out of what muslim terrorists and arab land thieves claim is jewish occupied palestine
nah i 'm never gon na worship a fuckin woman
do n’t forget to set your clocks back this weekend !
i ’m setting mine back to 1950 when white people were n’t the minority on my street .
instead of killing americans just kill brown kids instead url
irish reunification and scottish independence ( or canadian provincehood ? ? ) ,
these are the probable consequences of brexit and tory party lunacy .
the slow , painful transition from great britain to little england is a fitting price to pay for nationalistic bombast ... too bad it is exactly what nigel farage wants : a small , diminished uk outside of europe that he ( or boris johnson or the right - wing press ) can control .
it 's bloody awful .
what is canada to do now that our two closest and trusted allies have gone stark raving mad ? !
oapi is already working with several tech companies to develop & amp ; engineer solutions for social problems .
we are tech advocates for the user .
most cities have a ghetto street named mlk blvd
i guess i 've been doing a good enough job that a pua / mra site decided i was public enemy # 1 .
something to write home about ?
look no further than the juneau empire for stifled public discussion in a local   news paper .
most sensible people already know abuse is not ok , regardless of gender .
all of the intersectionality olympics are bullshit , and you 're shit for playing them too .
why do they need to make sure they check off as many of the " oppressed minority " boxes they can when deciding who to put on a bill ?
just to please some shrieking harpies , and you shrieking about which boxes did or did n't get checked is just as bad .
they 're more than welcome to take their brain dead asses back to their shithole country .
so exciting , i think i will wait until they turn into an action film starring the arnold ...
my sister called the chinks an asked was they open ctfu she fried ! !
learn how to speak english before you call anyone dumb .
i do not hate blacks but i hate the fact that its a perceived crime to say the word nigger if one chooses
pence and trump should be removed for this .
let donnie go be a drama queen on the only job he 's qualified for : game show host .
yeah .
those white supremacists are really mainland chinese in pancake .
" i showed him a picture of 21 savage and he said " " yeah he looked like that " " .
i think my dad just met 21 savage . "
now you are just a stupid cuck with your gay ass optics and asian gf linking daily stormer tho that weird cuz ur a gay ass optics cuck
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide .
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
# primesuspect1973 a bottle of lucozade in the wrapper she 'll be up and about in no time # aidseverything
uttar pradesh cm @myogiadityanath to unveil lord ram statue in ayodhya today .
here 's a report on this . #
itvideo url url
< number > week ban wot game chat ban for saying i want to throw your mother in an oven shitskin
these women graduated from a military academy with a long history of fostering brilliant minds .
they 'll be fine , now go back to playing your xbox in your dirty underwear .
that child has probably been raped and molested since an infant imo
i 'm bi too .
i m older than i should be for this sub , but it took me over 6 years to come to terms with my sexuality , and finally decide to open up to a select few of my friends .
right now only 2 of my closest male friends know , and about 7 of my close female friends know .
it 's a lot easier opening up to girls as a guy , they are a lot more understanding of it .
trump and republicans want all the brown legal immigrants out too .
saying " they need to do it the legal way " was bullshit and we both know it . "
send .
her .
back " .
you 're all racist trash .
conservatives are gunna hate me for this but this is a terrorist attack .
done by a white male .
almost all of the mass shootings these 2 decades have been do n't by white males and people have the audacity to call arabs terrorists.smh maybe if some of you guys would look farther than the brim of your mega hat you would be able to see that arabs , hispanics , and african american males are n't the biggest problems here
as someone who lived in israel , this makes me nauseated !
john kerry is " swift boating " israel , as he leaves office in 22 days .. 

 secretary of state john kerry declared wednesday that israel : 
 " can either be jewish or democratic " but " it can not be both . "
you will never hear this administration say : 
 " you can either be muslim or peaceful , but you ca nt be both " !
not once did kerry mention hamas , or the fact that hamas is a terrorist organization .
hamas and all of gaza are not on board with kerry .
because they will never accept a two state solution .
they want all of israel !
kerry 's supposed negotiations have been with abbas .
abbas does not represent gaza , and he has no authority to make agreements .
this misadministration hates israel .
and they are trying to purposely / permanently hurt israel 's future .
oldest , " full - blooded " brother : : do you feel the need to be super filipino because you 're only half and look mostly white ?
me : : no ... i 'm just proud of who i am .
made me feel stupid .
that a fact so much so that asians automatically get < number > points deducted from their sat scores while blacks hispanics get < number > < number > points added to theirs you know just to keep the balance so no one really sees what happening caucasians they are on their own
nak gerak wangsa walk tmr and see two idiots have a fist fight .
i remember i called this guy a towel head for saying sandn*gger < censored > and he got my acct suspended 😔
thank you and this is video i ' ve made for all of us after i made those for each ethnics : sons of europe - legacy - youtube only unity
reported .
what sub are you going to go to after they kick you off this one , you stupid fucking kid ?
your mom should have aborted you .
watch muslim twitter say shit like voice notes are haram if ur a woman
hunting is not a sport , let 's get real .
not even close .
see , with a sport both parties are in on the fun .
if i go to the 16th street mall and start throwing a football at people is that a sport ?
i think not .
i 'm 6'4 " .
i have never met a cis woman who was taller than i am , and only one trans woman .
the closest i 've come is meeting a black woman who was * as * tall as i am , but she was wearing platform heels .
refugees welcome but no irish comedies have to be poorly written now so that mexicans and asians will get the jokes yeah you know what life is too short to listen to this radiohead album mpcstatusupdates
" nanking was raped ?
how awfur !
we should find out who did it immediatery ! "
-japan
seeing a picture of my face makes me feel sick because of my personality 
 is n’t this right normies ?
i hope they have the same shit skins build us a space ship funny enough if you look at the spacex falcon heavy launch video they are all white or asian engineers male
sick commie but who elected her they are fucking genetic fails too much nigger genes wipe out island seed with asians collect bumper tax revenues
the usa has to make a turn .
you need competence in congress , not colored vaginas .
stop this stupid tolerance .
a person who 's obviously stupid has no place in the government .
@jakelouvier @aaronscott3113 if u ai nt a christian i m a stab u in the face
i 've been staying hotels while on military orders and now i have to guard weapons , sleep and shit in the woods with one other guy till sunday
when governments increase the minimum wage , do the prices for goods and services ever remain the same or decrease ?
does the cost of living ever decrease ?
yeah except for me i 'm living in a dorm so i have nowhere to put the tires :/
my god but i am an opinionated bitch today but just sayin chelsea has rather redeemed herself lately hats off to her thought she was a worm but she turned
why was the gay japanese kid so scared to come out to his parents ?
the last time a gay dropped the bomb it killed 80,000 people
virtually everyone on the hundreds of aboriginal reserves in canada is aboriginal .
if there is violence there , it therefore has to be committed by aboriginals .
as for racism , how can that exist on reserves where everyone is not only aboriginal but also of the same tribe ?
question has folklore of the days past ever caused violence in society violence anxiety cause violence in society story lessons past blame game judging art
sorry to sound racist , but if she was asian , chinese , filipina , korean , she would 've been welcomed and extended into any length of time ! ! !
this is hawaii of corruption and lechery !
convinced that the judges opposing trump 's travel ban only want entry for mistresses and sexters !
a monagamous woman going to a boyfriend who us white ?
who wants her ?
only need " china dolls " for billy to entertain at those clubs , or for higher ed profs ... etc etc !
believe me !
neither hpd , or cbp , nor cyfd will do anything to a chinese woman ! ! ! !
only " quiet " because the media did not do their job , but this is nothing new , they only get hired and promoted if they are extreme left - wing democrats .
more historical dem idiocy < number > ashley judd are equal rights in the constitution < number > rosie o donnell do not fear terrorists they are mothers and fathers < number > sen harry reid on obama light skinned and with no negro dialect gabfam speakfreely chat americans
for everyone that has untreated add < user > is literally a gook away from riches you can not even understand yet it all shenanigans and shitposting until them slant eyes wake up
are there really that many gay people ? !
nope , this only happens in delhi .
all delhites are pieces of shit and scum of the india .
sorry , but i m here to inform you that her home is somalia , not minnesota .
she s an un - american ni**er wench that needs to be striped of her citizenship status and sent packing back to somalia and if she ca nt go there then off to mongolia for the mongaloid .
< user > we learned our lesson the first yr the demanazis courts will not happen again
most of the important professional and life strategies / skills / practices that i have learned have been from url or @ideasonfirephd. essential resources for women and poc in the academy ! #
thingsyoudontlearningraduateschool
asia for asians africa for africans whites countries for everybody there will still be asians in asia and africans in africa but the west will be blended brown this is white genocide whites need a safe space to propagate their gene pool and preserve their culture
i 'm a broke hoes dream , rich hoes cream !
solution ?
build the wall deport them all .
most of the important professional and life strategies / skills / practices that i have learned have been from url or @ideasonfirephd. essential resources for women and poc in the academy ! #
thingsyoudontlearningraduateschool
i like my grilled cheese how i like my vietnamese villagers yellow and melted .
< user > < user > can you add btc to buff i thought you had to sell arcs or be a chinaman
what should you do when an indian stops working ?
press the reset button
... or " there " in spirit .
a girl that rides in trucks has no place to call home and the wrong guy to call daddy .
why did chinese warriors die so easily in battle ?
no matter how many protective garments they wear , there 's still a chink in the armor .
looks like we found our next incel terrorists sorry ... i meant " mentally disturbed lone wolf "
if chris took my phone during a show i would fucking mummify the phone .
just bcos a person expresses an opinion about the insensitive ( pepsi ) it does n't mean they do n't also have a heart for the horrific ( syria ) .
rt astarswomens bbm as achievement ariana grande
he did have a warrant .
it was recalled on 8/16/17 .
bigger news , the new 007 is gon na be a huge flop .
oh great another assertive lesbian .
what happens when you turn off the lights ?
it gets dark .
@rahul singh 10 gtfo stupid indian t gay fan you dont have toilets idiots
real nigger me please
it 's just a little enslavement so i can have a shit ton of gold .
look you 're gon na get 50k+ suicides if your ruling over an indigenous people , it just means you do n't have to waste food feeding people who did n't want to be slaves in the first place .
so what if after 50 years only 1 in every 600 native is still alive .
everyone is doing this .
the art shown above reminds me of when i visited the california franciscan missions years ago and saw some of the crude , extremely bloody ( some might say gruesome ) religious artwork the people made hundreds of years ago .
the thought that struck me then was that the harder the life of the people , the more intensely they relate to the image of the suffering christ .
people need to make sense of their pain and the fact that death is their daily reality .
they need to know that god is with them in their suffering .
i think that 's also why ash wednesday resonates so deeply , even for those who never otherwise darken the door of a church .
there 's something about that stark reminder of mortality that feeds the soul , especially for those of us living in a contemporary culture that sells us a lot of soothing lies about perpetual youth and vitality .
i 'm only bi and my parents still do n't know because i 'm a ball of anxiety .
i ca n't imagine how hard would it be if i was trans .
you 're doing great .
" well there 's something you made up " 

 not really .
this is exactly was some of the right wing ( nay alt - right ) prognosticators are saying .
< user > it did not work with the leftists this year now did it people do not respond well to name calling not being retarded or anything but this exactly why leftists lost this year and we do not want to be them in the next time
we will know him as in the diversity crusher with you singh this is a parody post and does not condone violence it just common and garden venting by an annoyed straight white male about the typical degeneracy and anti white opportunism of the evil mudvader
what do you get when you cross a chinese man with a black man ?
a car thief who ca n't drive
sorry !
public pc keys stick !
there will always be someone happy to see the other tribe die so they make more money .
commerce helps all .
you must be removed from earth you gook trash
shows me that you ' ve probably never trained in jiu - jitsu .
smile !
rt this if you would fuck my virgin ass so rough that i would be unable to walk .
i want it and need it so rough . #
cumslut # slut # slutty # whore # horny # anal # virgin # roughsex # cum # lgbtqoftwitter # lgbtqglowup # lgbt # lgbtq url
the gender gap is closing for asset managers — but people of color remain underrepresented compared to the larger industry and population , forcing firms to look beyond broad , binary classifications .
find a breakdown of company - specific data here : url url
i member when clinton said … you could put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables the racist sexist homophobic xenophobic islamaphobic you name it and now trump supporters are all white supremacist nazis and trump is hitler reincarnated fud
saying “ my kids ” “ my bd ” is so ghetto this man violated 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️ 😂
the actresses who played josie packard and catherine martell were n't asked back for the revival , , , , , , , they did my girls so dirty
irish reunification and scottish independence ( or canadian provincehood ? ? ) ,
these are the probable consequences of brexit and tory party lunacy .
the slow , painful transition from great britain to little england is a fitting price to pay for nationalistic bombast ... too bad it is exactly what nigel farage wants : a small , diminished uk outside of europe that he ( or boris johnson or the right - wing press ) can control .
it 's bloody awful .
what is canada to do now that our two closest and trusted allies have gone stark raving mad ? !
+ jessica n i do n't think you are a fit to be a parent , if you get pregnant you should abort your child .
i 'm all for that .
i have no problems with trade with the us , but if all the us wants is a one sided deal out of nafta , then it 's time to walk .
we will be fine .
true christian racism
at your big ages , you niggas still tweeting bout which women not wholesome .
and you ladies are still falling for it at your equally big ages 😕
the future : 

 le pen backed by 44 % of youth 
 macron supported by 80 % of 65 +
it 's sad to see a bad bitch with a wack ass guy / :
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
jay , it 's been awhile , but i 've been to russia and spent time on a russian research ship .
if they have anything that actually works well all the time , they must be keeping it a secret .
if taeyong ever comes out with a solo album , please have it be a cute concept .
full serious about this
when life is crumbling you can reply on white men to tell you how much they hate your dyed hair and choice in music bro i do nt even like you next
you can never be clean : your brown skin wo n't wash off .
good post , richard .
i made the point yesterday that we do n't know how directly isis has been involved in terrorist attacks in europe .
some of the attackers may have been inspired by isis propaganda , but that does n't mean that isis is directly involved .
it might be more apropos to cut off their internet connection .
since all the juvenile records are secret and then sealed , recidivism rates will be impossible to verify .
the ' results ' will depend upon who tabulates and reports the data and what they are attempting to prove .
i like women cause they are soft and pretty and they smell nice even though they are robots
of course rockfish will be targeted , what can you expect , man will attempt to exterminate all species that are available .
next thing you know there will be a city sponsored derby to catch the largest because the merchants make money and the mayors and council are all for making money at any expense .
man will push to the limit every freedom and killing of resources so for a while there will be rockfish like there was with the crabs , halibut , clams and all of the other fish .
from conversation at that ... & # 8220;@blakcocaine _ these hoes be falling too easy . & #
128554;&#8221 ;
@vito amelino it 's a lie made up by those who serve satan .
the same ppl who call anyone and everyone " racist " support infanticide .
you are right that it 's about morality .
these marxists leftists do not care about black people .
they care only about their own wealth and power .
if they cared about black americans , they 'd stop this open borders nonsense bc it virtually exclusively has hurt black americans .
if it 's not too late , this deal should be ripped up .
everybody i speak to gets riled up about this .
do the right thing .
the chinese are murderous , anti - freedom .
please for god 's sake , do n't let them spy ( any more ) on us .
competing racial groups like black teams versus white teams
i really do n't get why ppl start rumors about other people when it 's not true like do u not realize it just makes u look dumb ? ? ? & #
129300 ;
the infeltrators should be released to sanctuary cities where they are welcomed .
with congress total betrayal in the american people 's safety and activist judges making things even worse by enabling lawlessness , only president trump 's executive emergency powers to build a border security wall and override asylum rules will save america from being overrun by millions invasion , a national emergency crisis the likes of which we 've never seen before including terrorists , weapons , criminals , lethal drugs , child trafficking and medieval diseases .
and people like you and your ilk who call people kikes niggers spics sand niggers and mud sharks dumb fuck
lmfao white people being rude bei racist and looking down on asians once again lmfao i am so fking mad
i like those memes ya know , the ones with the yellow cartoons .
damn what do you call them ?
yeah , asians .
from reading this i realized there was no date or there is a meeting or something going on outside the ucc in cork at 10 : 30 am on the 10th of march .
was walkiing around cork with a few friends and they tried handing out leaflets ¬ _ ¬ friends and i were not to happy
fake news losers cnn are using scripted questions to suppress a badly needed open discussion about gun violence and mass shootings this puts our schools and children especially at risk we should revoke cnn broadcast license their actions will lead to more domestic terrorism
why do asians have flat faces ?
airbags .
i agree lisa , they only want these immigrants here for the low cost labor they can get out of them .
there is no other reason .
no one threw any chairs in nevada .
that rumor has been shown to be false .
it 's all about what those dudes in dubai like .
they like to fuck bimbo fake looking fuck dolls so all the baby dolls / sugar babies get worked up to go get shit on by their prince charming .
bangladesh awami league wishes everyone around the world a very happy , blessed and prosperous # eidulfitr # eidmubarak url
fantastic work home opportunity for everyone ... dd .. work for six to eight hour a day and start getting paid in the range of 3k-5k dollars a month ... weekly payments ... check here ..... ki005 

 = = = = = = = = = = = = > > > > w­w­w­.r­i­c­h­i­8­.­c­o­m
y ’ all these girls really just tried to fight me in front of a church the ghetto 😩 😂
you mean " anti - christians . "
christ in the christian bible actually taught the opposite of the bigoted attitudes represented in this article 's poll .
he would have both given fish and taught fishing , or whatever metaphorical equivalent to both generosity and mind - expansion .
we are more likely to attribute good outcomes to our action and blame bad ones on unforeseen circumstances .
after white people are thoroughly minoritized in the us every white ghetto will have a robert e lee boulevard running through it
clean bandit - rockabye ft .
sean paul & amp ; anne - marie , here 's the brand new # 1 video in the world ... have a great night ya'll , live n luv life
you are a shill for a faker .
this is as bad as telling us how to make millions at home on the net .
you see these all the time in southeast asia as spam all over the place .
you are scum .
another sick human selling violence just to get likes and views - humans do n't deserve to survive .
the earth will be far better off when homo sapiens kill and toxify themselves out of existence !
what 's the best thing ... about reposting the same joke over and over again ?
seriously , not a joke .
stop it .
bitches always worrying about me cough cough < user > dumb hoe
extreme shitlib swpls are the best argument against the simplified wn thesis that everything would be fine if the brown people and jews were gone i wish it was that simple
big smile on my face when i think about all the college snowflakes who were so close to banning free speech persecuting white males for being white and male popularizing feminism lesbianism and forwarding the end of times how suddenly shitty their lives must be speakfreely maga gab
a lot of cunty bitches in this world .
do n't be a cunty bitch .
the chinsese have a pathetic navy , and the u.s. is at least a generation ahead of it in fleet capacity and technology .
no doubt , the chinese are busy stealing u.s. technology to modernize their navy , but it will be decades , if ever , before the chinese are even close .
it 's a nonsensical argument .
indians ( meaning first nations ) are paid $ 400 a month to sit on the couch and do nothing .
i ain t got no type nigga like a dyke nigga ion like niggas these shells bigger than shark teeth take a chunk out it ll bite niggas
apparently slave is nt a nono - word and frankly i m fine with refering to whiten't peapole as slaves so no harm done right ?
why the nsfw sub ?
answer me and some other 5 year old shitheads like me too why the fuck the nsfw , since this sub ai n't even close to nsfw as far as i 'm concerned .
if the census can ask if your female or male if you 're white black hispanic asian or other then it most certainly can ask if you are a legal citizen
spanish .
got ta connect with my heritage .
you guys are projecting the " exceptionalism " myth .
it 's a futile thing to even attempt to open minds locked in a cold war narrative and refusing to even consider that things are not even close to what you profess to believe .
because " a man hears what he wants ( is told ) to hear and disregards the rest . "
our u.s. government , up to its usual tricks , destabilized , fomented and financed the overthrow of ukraine 's elected government to the tune of $ 5 billion in order to further goad and weaken russia - which coincidentally does n't have 800 military bases globally .
they do have 1 in syria and always have in crimea .
they did not invade crimea .
they were already there and had possessed it since the time of the american revolution until khruschev ( russian / ukrainian ) gifted it to ukraine in 1953 , never dreaming of the ussr 's demise .
it 's western russia 's most strategic port and the nato - led coup plotters knew that .
https://consortiumnews.com/2016/10/05/new-group-think-for-war-with-syriarussia/
i 'm offensive and i find this white and superior to individuals of higher melanin content in their dermis .
there are a lot of red flags with respect to the advice in this article e.g. market timing , crystal ball predictions , small book value for a fund manager , selling defensive and buying cyclical .
you should have acquired all the cyclical you needed in the first half of 2016 .
what the heck is going on with the fbi investigation into las vegas they must be trying to get the russians to write another dossier on how the guy was a neo nazi or something
a spic or a chink
i guess i should have known that there are too many bleeding heart liberals in the nw to get an answer to this thread .
woe to europe which rejected god and bible and results in the curse also cancer of muslim refugees who are invader and freeloaders and barbaric sharia fellows
one of the hardest things to find in america is a doctor who is not a nigger sand nigger dot head spic or chink
i do n't think that police have a race - killing problem .
i think they 're fantastic troubleshooters .
ughhh romo passed on a question to say whether he 'd come back if the right situation presented itself .
and it is only geting worse i find .
i think there are less chinese in china compared to markham .
and chinese are rude - this is a fact .
go get honor killed by your shitskin parents you ugly thot
this kind of thuggishness and bullying is reminiscent of the bush years .
this underlines the fact that this kind of crude jingoism is particular to the republican party , a group of thugs who are unfit to govern .
however , this will only backfire .
trump 's bullying ca n't work now , when the us is far weaker than it was under bush and when trump himself is seeking to disengage with the world .
even better , china is waiting in the wings , more than happy and ready to step up and take global leadership from the us .
it 's fascinating to watch the trump people shoot themselves in the head .
the 3 billion that the us contributes to the un is chump change for the chinese .
i hope that china does take advantage of this opportunity .
is the garratt 's refusal to be bitter about china a testament to the human spirit or an indication of stupidity ?
a cultured person will generally forgive wrongdoing , but this is usually done after an apology and an attempt to make amends .
in this case they got neither .
their freedom is certainly something to be thankful for , but losing your home , your business , your friends , and paying out 20 k in fines and 9 k in " expenses " means the chinese still think they are guilty and have in no way apologized or made amends .
do n't forget , this was after they did many humanitarian works on behalf of the chinese .
trudeau might have made a diplomatic coup by securing their freedom but without restitution and an apology i would say the victory is somewhat hollow .
i do hope the garratts rebuild their life here at home and others learn from their experience .
other than questioning that islam is not peaceful and that queers are not born that way
os pensais que vuestra mente kike me importa solo soys estupidos americanos de matar indios asquerosos
for app users r / darkjokecentral is a good sub small community , no tags just simple jokes , we ’re about to hit 3k and would appreciate more users , please check out r / darkjokecentral for good and sometimes original jokes
no no no !
we do n't want chinese people to have rights .
we need them as slaves to build us cheap things .
we need industrial pollution to stay in china , not here .
we need a good return on our investments , which wo n't happen if our chinese slaves start getting things like rights .
dontcha know ... the cateye is from eygypt .
we stole that look from eygyptian cats which their owners idolized , which is in the northern africas ... i think and know that now we own the look .
i boycotted the junk but just to be sure all across the board whites blacks asians and minorities should know how much egyptians loved slaves .
< user > ha this coming from a two time loser not to mention that she one of the if not the most corrupt person politician the usa has ever had she fails to mention that her popular win were from the illegal alien votes
kc missouri is the place to go on vacation one does not have to contend with ghetto trash what a relief
white supremacy someone will take that rifle and shove it up his ass url
to all my muslim homies stay blessed today < number > real
he was out looking for clients   :) .
< user > imagine u in the crib eatin sum talenti n a white bitch jus come in n shoots u i d be pissed i am glad trial was that quick lmfao
undocumented immigrants ca n't get citizenship within " a matter of minutes . "
they have to go through a process that takes at least 5 years if you 're lucky & up to 20 + years , if you even get the chance , you ignorant , clown ass motherfucker 🤡 url
i can not believe this can happen and that too in a temple .
jammu hindus can not do this .
i do nt believe in this verdict .
esp after shehla rashid and ilk started messing with this .
sanjiram was vocal about muslims usurping land .
something fishy ! !
pls hand over to cbi .
invariably , whenever anyone learns that i am biracial and bilingual , they always demand proof in the form of ' say something in chinese ! '
it always makes me feel like a performing dog doing tricks for treats .
one day , one of my friends let loose this bewildering discussion out of nowhere : : her : : hey , how come i never hear you speak chinese ?
me : : who would i speak it to ?
no one here speaks chinese .
her : : i do n't care , i just want to hear you speak chinese .
an eavesdropping male classmate : : i want to hear some too .
another female classmate : : me too !
do it !
do it !
my friend , putting her hand out as if she were shaking with a dog : : speak , girl , speak !
college class with sophomores and juniors , a few weeks ago .
patronized and fetishized for their entertainment , and wondering if i should roll over and beg for their amusement as well .
despite having a lower population , vancouver has a higher rate of overdose deaths than seattle .
king county does n't have the resources to offer treatment and we should be putting our money towards treatment and prevention , not pretending that drug consumption is " safe " .
vancouver added 90 police officers to the service in the years following the opening of insite and it 's still a hellhole .
seattle is already woefully understaffed .
all the countries that have safe consumptions sites also have national health systems .
even if you can square the idea of helping people poison themselves , we do n't have the infrastructure to support a facility like this .
aye , well in that case cheers for making me clarify my reasoning a bit further .
to be more clear , i consider sexual orientation and therefor the sex of your romantic partners to be completely trivial matters in the eyes of ( a normal ) society , meaning that we should accept is as is and not make a fuss about it .
to be even more clear , that 's in the eyes of a society , for an individual that is of course a big deal in life .. what matters is that there is love and that the people are good and kind , with whom matters not .
< user > i jus don ’ t think it should be in a kid show 🤷 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️ ian homophobic but i ’ d cancel it too
yes you will heal racial division but you will not move to the ghetto or send your kids to those schools now will you no that for working class whites who we accuse of racism when they object to being forced to live in liberia right
stay strong taiwan !
shoot down those chinese pieces of shit , if they dare to invade .
china makes up all kinds of bull shit claims .
i personally boycott anything chinese made here in the u.s.
watching crazy rich asians instead of raw mwah 💋
fucking fuuuuming that i 'm on a drinking ban when the weathers like this i need a pint asap or am gunna commit
sounds like the majority on here are against taking care of no hopers with the phoney welfare system 
 how come your representatives ignore you and vote for welfare .
they want the no hoper on welfare vote , so those receiving welfare should not be allowed to vote .
thinking @iamwill must be furious as neither of his faves won , again !
he must have given up on the show now completely # thevoiceuk # thevoice
bent over with a big black dick in her asshole .
< user > < user > thank you white person for telling me that i should not get upset about people making excuses for why a black man was murdered bless your heart
good morning to all the new gabbers except kikes liberals fags leftists communists boomers zionists israel firstitards antifags spics and niggers because
agreed ... the best and the brightest in canada - leave .
.australia is california / florida everywhere - even the worst parts .. 

 and first gen immigrants now leave canada asap ... asians and me all stay until they can get an education , and then move where they really wanted go to in the first place - the usa .
canada ?
its a big minnesota or north dakota ... without the sex ...
sorry if i unfollowed you its just that my tl is so messed up rn and i needed to clean it ; ; dm me if you wanted to keep the mutual ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
a spic or a chink
two steps forward one step back .
it will take some time but eight years should be long enough .
oh damn august ames actually killed herself str8upgayporn has a lot to answer for i mean if eichenwald can sue for a seizure ames family should be able to sue for harassment leading to suicide
r / thebluepill hates and wants to kill you for being an incel
" my boyfriend sends me the sweetest messages all the time and my first reaction is " " what the fuck ? ? ? " " "
why would a korean be offended if a chinese person dress like a war - torn korean ?
why would a jewish person be offended by a german dressing like a stereotypical jew ?
why would a native american be offended by a white american mocking their misfortune at the hands of their oppressor ?
why would a black person , with african roots , whose ancestors were enslaved and   killed feel good about being mocked in what some called a cinematic work of art : the birth of a nation .
a movie that featured white actors in black - face , who were portrayed as murderers and heathens before the klan saved the day .
the reason , in most instances , is that most of us are not informed or just ignorant .
so , why do n't we make this personal ... think of the worst thing someone could do to a family member , and then imagine them showing up next halloween at your doorstep wearing your family members likeness .
white men who think it 's some sort of " gotcha " when a black person has some slave - owning ancestor are the worst scrapings of pig tripe that ever were .
url
< user > sweden from what i have been seeing it is pretty bad i think up to < number > police consider quitting because they can not cope a politician from beirut said sweden was worse than beirut a somalian immigrant wanted to return home somalia was safer than sweden he said
stephen king : because you have blocked me from your twitter timeline , donald trump , i hereby block you from seeing my horrible , horrible movies 
 — ace
< user > dumb bitch said the n word then forgot she posted a selca that showed she was white then tried to come back and say she was joking
which leads us here , and no one wants that .
https://goo.gl/hvmfhk
nothing gets me down more than my shit skin
another candidate for the pc 's to be relegated to the dustbin of ontario history .
most people in ontario have moved on from the regressive social attitudes of the nineteenth century and recognize the need for children to be given the tools to protect themselves , and for adults to be allowed to bear and raise children .
nothing gets me more in a fucked up mood than seeing videos of people killing animals just for the fuck of it .. get out of here w/ that bs ! !
drinking does ease the sorrow of a lonely life .. it 's so tempting to just go out and get drunk , and laid like i did in my youth .. but i have n't got the energy for it anymore .. more likely to lie in bed and cry until it 's time to go work .. still hoping life gets better than this : drink 2508
did he do anything secretly ?
that is the difference .
no one is concerned about open comments unless they are untruthful .
ah , the true agenda springeth forward .
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
< user > stupid fkn retard
does n't sound like there will be anyone to enforce the shutdown .
more scare tactics .
also is n't girdwood in the state ?
i 'm not a teacher , but my cousin is .
he told me more and more of them are non - white every year and it 's fucking heartwarming .
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
go kick some dirty chinese ass ...
chads want to fuck sub8 women at about the same rates incels want to fuck sub5s 
 low sociosexuality is everywhere
there actually is a matsu lio in wasilla , though it pales in comparison to what the royalists in anchorage insist on .
this is a bad opinion .... these are experiences many of our trans siblings have at much higher rates than cis people .
if we want progress for our community we ca n't ignore these experiences .
sylvia rivera was a fucking hero
does n't sound like there will be anyone to enforce the shutdown .
more scare tactics .
also is n't girdwood in the state ?
where this notion of white privilege goes off the rails and moves into dangerous terrain is when it is used as an excuse to introduce the fix for the new lament of the socialist for " equity " .
this smacks of a return to failed communist attempts to artificially level some playing field according to a do - gooder 's whim .
this usually causes more problems for both the recipient who is maligned and those who are made the new discriminated class .
the very notion of the phrase white privilege stifles all debate and to challenge the notion makes one a defacto bigot .
the newest members of the white privilege club now include asians so take that for what it is worth .
pretty much anyone who excels in school better look out .
the fact that white males are doing comparatively poorly compared to other groups academically will not be examined at all .
the fact that adult white males make up the highest group to die by suicide ?
white privilege
who knew the gay mafia is real
today pujya sadhvi pragya singh ji gave " vivekanand sahitya"with her blessings to iit students .@sadhvipragya_mp @narendramodi @pmoindia @amitshah @rkmdel url
pakis are just moslem dotheads tho
bitches find an illiterate man with anger issues & a gun & call him a hood nigga lmao url
# supportzomato # supportubereats i am feeling happy !
despite of religion issues , you took your stand to stop them making a rift in the secular society !
one of the world 's most prominent jihadi forums just got shut down & # 8594 ; http://t.co/9vafk90dou
always the voice of truth and reason .
thanks mr gara
typical fascist rationale
man these fucking chinese do n't give two shits , they 'll let 99 % of their population feel some kind of starvation before they let trump think about winning this ,   the thing about the chinese citizens is that they 've always been poor , so they honestly do n't give a fuck
listen that woman is a psychopath .
anyone who is in her 50 's , acts that high and mighty and holier than thou but then cusses you out and stoops so low as to attempt to insult a 20 - year olds appearance has severe issues .
you so fucking outta line feel like you owe me checks , owe me time
what 's the worst thing about being told you have alzheimer 's ?
it dosen't happen at once
nope .
my happily married lesbian buddy / supervisor / boss is super cute .
< user > i fucking hate you 😂
all these niggas wearing durags but none of these niggas spinnin 😂 🤣 🤔
there a big difference asia is full of asians with nobody screaming for diversity africa is full of africans etc other groups have reserve populations we do not north america europe and australia are our home populations
yay , a new reason for people to hate me .
shove off .
i had to show this , macedonian handball fans in zadar , croatia .
he forgot to add to the end , " on top of your x+1 crotch goblins from x different soyboy mangina cucks . "
> i 've never told him about my indian side and i do n't know how to explain this to him .
assuming referring to dharmic culture , if so ... [history - centrism & dharma vis a vis religion](url > weirdly enough i always knew i wanted that as well to marry someone from my cultural background . [
dharmic universalism](url is n't limited to those of certain ethnicity .
the analogy in your comment sounds suspiciously chinese to me .
corporate welfare has almost the same mentality   but they can afford to crap on gold rim toilets and let the mexican or asian maids clean it up .
the only difference is wealth vs. indigent .
fuck you , you autistic child , your face looks like one that needs to be punched , can you even see when you pretend to smile
adding in , again , a piece from the past , and then asking a question from that : in 2006 the city council made a decision to change the routing of the rail to take the train through the airport than through salt lake .
the newspaper of record at the time wrote this as part of the reasoning for this decision : 

 while adding $ 200 million to the $ 3.9 billion construction , the airport route would average an estimated 95,000 passengers a day , while the salt lake route would carry 88,000 .
the airport route would be useful to employees commuting to the airport and pearl harbor naval base 

 “ ; the higher cost of the airport alternative would be offset by the higher ridership and user benefits for that alternative , ” ; the environmental statement says .
so my question , even if you adjust the numbers because your cutting out half the line , would n't the system still be viable for the time being at least from those employees that work at the airport and jbphh ?
it is about time for all illegals to go back to their country of origin and keep our freeway open and prevent heavy traffic .
good , bitch , u ai nt welcome either
i guess because you keep posting the same comment and calling it " locker room banter " i have to keep replying that i 've been in lots of locker rooms over the years and have n't heard anyone bragging about sexually assaulting women .
if i heard that it would be go time .
looks like , if do n't get the feds and the doj to investigate the corruption , its going to take $ 133,000 per honolulu tax payer to pay for finishing rail to ala moana without any traffic solution from it .
on the other hand just $ 1b for buses and a change in h1lanes am and pm would decrease traffic by at least 25 % , hmmmm what what would you choose ?
i choose jail time for the corruption and buses !
whites are superior except asians are smarter blacks are stronger and jews have outfoxed us at every point in history what did superior mean again
simultaniously exhausted and full of excitement .
ca n't decide if i want to jump around and dance or take a nap .
such a good feeling .
vox is that you or is this how you let your slut talk this person is a mother and you are worried about losing your kids over what someone else called you … not what she might say shame
another black mark against united , somehow they do n't like asians .
well , i wo n't ever fly united again .
it is a piss poor airline with racists employees .
pakistany child grooming gangs are rife in bradford keithley and leeds but police are too frightened to say anything is not it time to send the troops in and just shoot all the paki scum
how you go 5 shade lighter just by putting on makeup ... dont wear the shit if you ca nt find your right shade ... tired of seeing clowns&#128530;&#128564 ;
after backlash , nicki minaj says she 's dropping out of a music festival in saudi arabia .
she said she wants to " make clear my support for the rights of women , the lgbtq community and freedom of expression . "
url
@saf_d when brexit does n't deliver the racist 's aspirations they 'll find some other excuse to continue their hate peddling .
maybe asians are less rapey , so no need for social justice .
i guess me and mine probably throw a bit of a curve in your math then do n't we ?
only " quiet " because the media did not do their job , but this is nothing new , they only get hired and promoted if they are extreme left - wing democrats .
lol look at fucking sherlock 's homo over here .
hey , great sleuth work there faggot .
you seem smarter than the regular coon .
regardless , only a retarded nigger would make a comment like yours .
" us " is racist because it was made by a racist ( like you ): > peele revealed this during a talk at the upright citizens brigade theatre , according to the hollywood reporter , where he stated that he did n't see himself casting a " white dude " as a lead in his movies .
dumb goomba eat my asshole
i 'm glad your own experiences have made for a better life for yourself and it 's great that you 've been accepted , as everyone of the lgbtq+ community should be .
i do believe it 's a disorder also , but i 'm not saying that in a derogatory way- the question i ask really stems from the fact that i 'd like to see how better we can help people live with said disorder and be happy in that disorder .
because i do n't think telling trans people that what they are going through is ' normal ' is going to solve that .
niggas be wanting a solid bitch and do n't even be solid themselves 😂
@_mcchris white kids love hip hop cause i do
nothing gets me more in a fucked up mood than seeing videos of people killing animals just for the fuck of it .. get out of here w/ that bs ! !
the fact is , there is no policy .
there is no training .
but all the pds i 've talked to do * not * say this & amp ; do not give any related advice .
face it - justin is the worst leader of any nation ever .
he is foolish and thinks we are idiots to believe his nonsense explanation .
it all makes no sense .
he is in it for himself and the chinese .
he cares nothing about taxpayers and their concerns - justin is an embarrassment to canadians .
i wish he would just go away .
i listen to his nonsense rhetoric - babble babble babble .
he spends our money ( not his ) when he feels like it but then lies when he gets called on it .
where the heck is the ethics commissioner - how long does it take to investigate him - what a complete and utter joke .
his days are numbered .
but do it without them knowing .
th chinese are a superstitious   lot , you know .
that ' what gives their wit so much humor .
i have to dress up and go to a white tablecloth dinner tomorrow night and i am so ghetto and out of my element i am so nervous high key
[ suicide fuel ] this is why for manlets , suicide is the only answer ...
because everytime i do niggas ask if i am a faggot and there this gay nigga that been trynna hit on me and i do not wanna be rude to him so when someone asks if i am a faggot i can set the record straight and he will leave me alone
[ 831m / ehrr ] i love you so much for the first time in the world is full of love … —i fucked up in my phone who 's really the untrustworthy one — …
pretty soon the ivy league will be synonymous with the china league because a foolish and stubborn insistence on open borders in perpetuity means studygrind cheating asians gradually taking over all white western schools i am not chinese so i am not happy about this outcome
i ca n't stand these complaining immigrants .
they think everyone needs to bend to everything of theirs .
disgusting ungrateful people who should think if they want to return to their home country .
i do n't have the easiest name , so i bend sometimes .
what 's the big deal .
all the chinese take anglicized names in school , work etc .
while retaining their legal names .
i really hate these ungrateful people like this writer .
this is a personal issue for me , and the writer sounds like a despicable man .
i can come ..... fck nooooo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i could ..... fck noooooo ! ! ! ! !
can you ... fckkk to da noooo ! ! ! !
why did chinese warriors die so easily in battle ?
no matter how many protective garments they wear , there 's still a chink in the armor .
it 's actually chinese scientists who are making hydrogen bombs in north korea .
north korea is not capable of developing such powerful bombs .
china will backstab usa in case war breaks out in between us and north korea .
if north korea was able to make such bombs then shri lanka , nepal , philippines , malaysia , vietnam , pakistan , everybody will be doing it .
even though sanctions have been passed against north korea , china would continue to provide for north korea through smuggling across the border .
china wants to destroy america in fact , not north korea .
kim john un is nothing but a dumb   alcoholic .
china is the mastermind of all this
i personally thought this conversation between [ rosé and an lgbt couple](url is really cute .
blackpink also held up a pride flag during their manila concert .
cl also [ made a post](url recently celebrating the legalisation of gay marriage in taiwan .
i do not see how anything he said against those 4 women are racist at all they all told out and out lies that is evil they say horrible things about our government and our president and our country sense all they can do is say hateful horrible things get out of my country sense you think it is so horrible here if you hate america so much leave
thanks for the thoughtful response and making sure i checked twice , i appreciate it .
i sent jason grenn , my rep , an email .
per the ag 's website they answer questions from legislators .
please kill them and get them out of the gene pool so the human race could get a little better
exactly !
cuomo does n't know this guy from adam .
this truck driving colleague , who actually knows him , has more reliable comments about the character than cuomo ....
issue is not just islam non white immigration is an issue as whole non moslem black brown is as vile and violent rapist thieff thug as moslem ones are only difference is they do not engage in terror attacks yet issue is racial non whites have no place in white lands period
< user > < user > islam makes all the fun stuff in life forbidden haram it sucks 😒
sugar or spice is alright but i 'll pass on the chocolate and rice
why i am just shocked acording to british msm they are surely asians not peace loving muzrats
behold , incelbros : i 'm cucking the enemy !
if you 've been following , have you noticed twitter does not post # conservative hashtags to # anncoulter , liberal only making ann the bad guy in # delta kicking her out of her " additional - room seat " she paid for & assigned & giving it to a short arab woman 
 ann is 6 ' tall ; the arab woman abt 5 ft tall
jaishankar is ethnically tamil but born and brought up in delhi iirc .
multiculturalism is the " cucking " of western peoples , that 's why its only happening in western countries .
you do n't see this cultural marxist media / culture in asia .
using the word cuck does n't have to have anything to do with a persons race , equating its use to racism is stupid .
< user > i can not even decide who to look at they all look amazing
trust so fucked up i feel like everybody trying to play me & # 129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
you 're wrong .
n. korea is dumb enough .
they sank a s. korean warship , fired on a s. korean island .
sent missiles over japan .
kidnapped hundreds of japanese women as well as s. korean movie people .
killed that poor kid .
run concentration camps for hundreds of thousands of people who are forced to eat grass and rats .
they live in a bubble and kim thinks he is a god .
sure they are dumb enough .
is anyone willing to make that bet ?
if you read the article it contains quotes from people who live in that area and are excited about the trails and are responsible for the project .
so perhaps direct your ire to those horrible people who want to make more trails where they live .
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
how could we ever lose the narrative with these borderline mental retard nazi on our side
@bettemidler as if we care what a bunch of brainwashed leftist brits think .
they let their leaders flood their country with violent muslims , subverting their culture , persecuting their women and christian religion , while their women are raped , murdered , acid attacked , no go zones , and no 2a
brennan is a vicious nasty muslim convert no act is too low for him
< user > they ’ re illegal immigrants they don ’ t like the fucking setup turn around and go home no one is forcing them to stay
" asian immigrants push the scores higher " !
that seems like a racist comment .
--- 
 playing the racist card to avoid reality ?
- 
 furthermore 
 if these canadian kids have to take math exams in south korea , taiwan , singapore , hong kong .. 
 not just half would fail 
 three quarters would fail 
 not because they are dumb 
 but because the canadian system has such low expectations of them 
 blame the teachers
@prisonplanet @realdonaldtrump i 'm afraid no chance 4 us 2 get a really independent potus .
swamp drains anyone .
doubt … https://t.co/62nqrb8hss
i feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe .
sirs i thinkk u miss andrew asian persuasion anglin saysing we need muh optics and say it ok to sex the vagene of asians for fun
example , please .
people are scared of black people because black people can be violent & they will probably beat you up if you annoy them .
so i have rarely seen whites or asians being openly , verbally racist to black people .
but i did hear my white female high school classmate say something nasty to a black girl who was a nice , polite , friendly girl , not the type of girl who would beat you up .
i have seen white & black people harass , bully & saying racist things to asians or saying racist things about asians .
i have seen asians being nasty to asians , asians saying nasty things to asians , asians saying nasty things about asians .
asians are easy targets for racists & bullies because asians are less likely to beat you up or talk back to you if you harass them .
most likely , you will see acts of racism against asians & muslim looking people .
blacks face discrimination & prejudice in school , looking for job , looking to rent a home .
there have been news reports of racist white people attacking blacks .
< user > wow islam side by side w jews only < number > case in the entire world so what happened to all the jews in kolkata
you a lame bitch when you quit letting them treat you like a dummy
ya ya ... we will do tyaag , sikhs will kill themselves so that jihadis like you flourish !
truth sometimes hurts , but that does not make what you were trying to say wrong or worth a conversation.caring for women 's sport does not make you transphobic.if we lose the ability to have conversation we lose the ability to think.the problem i see here is the trans communities inability to have a intelligent conversation on the said arguement which i see as problem.it is especially confounding to me that the atheist community is not willing to have this conversation either which is a bit religious.keep up the good work steven .
my isp is in charge of the power on island and internet .
we get like 50 power outs a week , which caused them to break something in my area .
< user > ya lil bitch it too late for sum mf milk n cookies faggot 🤣 nigga was a real fool
50 cent party pigfuckers are worse than cancer .
they also promote that chicom invented anti - white word ' beizhou ' which paints all white americans as lgbt+ degenerates and also try to divide and conquer us by spamming posts that say ' see , fellow caterpillars , the chicoms are our allies , they kill / imprison muslims ( and christians and falun gong and tibetans , but we will conveniently leave these groups out ) . '
url
" @timfederle @justinmclachlan retweet if you have n't said the phrase " " president hillary clinton " " aloud since the election "
indeed .
perhaps it would be better for them to follow the lead of the us church , which is not seeing large numbers of catholics leaving to become " nones . "
agree with all that you are saying .
but prison is really expensive .
so is drug treatment .
charles is right that it 's all fine to talk about dealing with crime , but if the legislators are n't going to find the money to fund it , it 's all hot air .
you and your fellow ladies better get your shit sorted out now because a bunch of gook chicks who get plastic surgery to look more white a ton of white women who let themselves become obese
idiot libs .
sell the chinese everything and then grovel for more .
an embarrassment .
so when do we put a bag over trudeau 's head for destroying white culture in canada with muslim and chinese immigration ? ?
now this crap .
hey indians ! !
1 

 if you worked more , like the rest of us , instead of sucking at the taxpayers teat every day - you would n't have time to fuss over who kicked your asses
not to forget zuma selling our fishing rights and many industries to the chinese ( wonder how much that kickback was worth ) .
but i agree , it is time to take our country back .
unfortunately , reversing the racism sowed by the zupta club must be the first step since we can only do it together , all us " stupid africans " of whichever race .
where are the asians ?
do n't exist !
i remember i called this guy a towel head for saying sandn*gger < censored > and he got my acct suspended 😔
i like women cause they are soft and pretty and they smell nice even though they are robots
white people think cause they was raised by black people they can say nigga what
just you ha'oles ...
actually , cowboys are specifically forbidden 
 https://beta.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/education/ontario-school-board-sends-out-checklist-for-culturally-sensitive-halloween-costumes/article36536328/
mccarthy was a junkie supplied by mr. war on drugs himself ( anslinger ) .
power to the people !
she is authentic in her fight for social justice .
" oh you fucked him too the conversations w " " friends " " "
@ippatel @cpmumbaipolice @mumbaipolice @dev_fadnavis it 's all conspiracy war strategy by kathmullah which they briefed every friday after ass lifting , how to keep reducing and increasing islam by killing and converting , mumbai police is failed to understand this even they were helping
an important fact for all of us to know if where esteban santiago got the mental health treatment the apd arranged for him .
did he go to the va in anchorage ?
if so , did the individuals who get paid for being there decide that santiago was " good to go " ?
did they give him a sack of drugs ( the usual treatment there ) and tell him to hit the road ?
is mr. poole still in charge there ?
the place is a cesspool .
it 's not an acceptable place for veterans to get actual mental health treatment .
finally stopped questioning why i out grew people .
we are on 2 different levels and we are n't the same .
whatever white people do asians do nt have to follow
minorities , i must run over .
is waiting , my 2001 honda civic .
pleased , allah would be .
lots of ketamine , he would give me .
never again .
not to japanese and japanese americans .
never again to jews .
and to muslims , we have your back !
you have no idea what being american means because you are clearly not one it would be like a chinaman going to india stirring up lots of trouble exploiting the locals and then complaining bombastically that the indians complaining about this were being anti chinese and unindian get stuffed
do n't go out your way to stop my money from coming .
business is business but lines are made do n't cross them .
" @iamkrause : no need to thank me , killing niggers is it 's own reward . "
dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
god that 's so ignorant .
wow . "
i 'm not a christian so christian morality does n't influence medical fields " .
lmfao come back to me when you have even the tiniest inkling of critical thinking skills
what s the difference between an ugly indian guy and an ugly black guy ?
the indians are incels and the blacks are in cells
@_freejosh nah yo do u remember when niggas stole everything out the vending machines bc they left them bitches open up north 😂 😂 😂
the poverty rate is defined statistically by the behaviors i have outlined .
i am not moralizing .
you have missed the point entirely .
why do niggers think they are the only victims in life ?
asians do not whine .
most browns do not whine .
just blacks .
75 percent bastard rate , 16 act , low college graduation rates , et al .
useless failed losers from africa !
go home !
sure they have a right to be with their mother .
they 're more than welcome to live with her in her country of origin but not in the us because she has no rights in this country as an illegal noncitizen .
< user > < user > < user > you said clinton sexual harassment in the white house was his personal business therefore not impeachable this congressional hearing video is on fb shame on you
@mwwathome if i was omnipotent i 'd do all i could to stop my followers from committing such heinous acts ... why do gods allow it from their sheep 🐑
< user > bring your chess boards out china no more ghetto checkers
< user > please help us and help our children the lraqi refugees waiting in turkey standwithiraqirefugees
@natalie dehoff hi lesbian .
it 's time you all throw a straight appreciation day .
oh my god ... i finally got the budget for my study abroad program and it 's estimated to be $ 10,000 for 3 weeks
i 'm horrified to hear that .
i just made a video about the gay community and my thoughts on it .
we 've all been through the pain of coming out .
we 've all been through the fear of having that close call and being tested and afraid .
so instead of hate why do n't we support each other through our shared experiences and hardships that we all have in common ! ?
i just do n't understand why we do n't band together and support one another instead of this bizarre gay community we have at the moment which is all about tribes and socks and superficial , irrelevant bs .
< user > even their fellow asians hate them 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant .
xuan lu and meng ziyi not being invited to award shows and nominated for their roles in cql is homophobic
she deserves the utmost respect .
what she 's doing for the black community is exceptional .
using her power and privilege the right way .
trump and republicans want all the brown legal immigrants out too .
saying " they need to do it the legal way " was bullshit and we both know it . "
send .
her .
back " .
you 're all racist trash .
a chinese troll using sputnik to bolster his absurd argument .
hilarious ...
msnbc is brought to you by the iranian government with contributions from isis !
i see the chaos too . '
great changes ' seem to always begin with strife and turmoil .
when we also have a dominant media , that over the coarse of said time , has become more tabloid , dwelling on contrived sensationalism , innuendo , and flat out photomontage propaganda disguised as entertainment , then the turmoil thickens and the needed changes seem to get farther away , instead of within reach .
i say let it play out .
there is now more energy from the general american public that is demanding the changes .
the dirge of politically hoodwinking the public into thinking everything ingested by us from the status quo of the two - party format , thus excepted , must end .
but it will have to be transformed .
i believe the transformation has only just started .
i tip my hat to all who are working hard for it .
so where is clooney moving to maybe he will move to poland they have not accepted muslim refugees on wait he is for open borders so why is he leaving the uk
after backlash , nicki minaj says she 's dropping out of a music festival in saudi arabia .
she said she wants to " make clear my support for the rights of women , the lgbtq community and freedom of expression . "
url
it 's incredible , @daire_tully , that you and your ilk actually think there is something wrong with opposing jihad mass murder and sharia oppression of women , gays , and others .
and you do n't even see what you 're enabling .
url
already knew that .
question to you :   how does any of that absolve your leafs of blocking hamilton or a 2nd team in toronto , eh ?
stick to the topic .
if you hafta go about trying to show that another team is just as bad , you 're essentially agreeing with me .
what are your or your people 's views on eastern religions like hinduism and buddhism ?
good for trump .
better than junior who still takes his orders from beijing .
canadians are so stupid .
chinese will continue buying up your homes , pricing you out of all your cities and mandarin will be the official language in ten years if you do n't rise up and stop junior .
but yeah , go smoke that joint .
what ’s the difference between the vietnamese and ice - cream ?
americans become sad when ice - cream melts
" they " ?
who is they ?
do all chinese look alike to you ?
or are you just revealing your innate bigotry and racism ?
by the way this america hating muslin pos is vice chair of the democrat national committee
what 's the most popular band in japan ?
fall out boy
feminist icon jane fonda “ i knew about the assaults a year ago and did n’t feel it was my place to say anything ” 😂
lol yeah that will stop all those " refugees " crossing the border
< user > “ asians are the cause of everything bad ”
20 % of your country is immigrants actually , and that speaks a lot about how shit the place must be .
bunch of fucking rats packed into sardine can , disgusting amount of population density .
lmao if you really think you have enough time to save that sardine swamp .
and they brought their shops which means they make money of off you sardines , which means they are n't leaving .
and if demographics continue the way they are , they 'll fuck you and replace in 2 generations .
seattle weekly is lying as always .
antifa started the assault and proud boys defended themselves .
ffs everthing is offensive to muslimes
do n't you hate it when your about to nut and she brings up your dead dog
you can see the gook genes
in these same line of thinking , we should n't have to choose : as the us is a diverse country and there are so many different possibilities of denominations , it should n't be condensed in 4 or 5 categories .
that being said , i 'm a proud mestizo caribbean and my kids will be mestizo americans ? (
my husband is european white )
and people like you and your ilk who call people kikes niggers spics sand niggers and mud sharks dumb fuck
what do you call a chinese woman with one leg ?
irene
i 'm clearly tweeting that i like to be left alone and someone is in my mentions saying what i do n't get
< user > cause he is a fucking joke
< user > from < number > m illegal aliens and < number > m dead people 🤡
maybe , but china tends to do these tests with their own political prisoners .
it 's not like them to let something outside of their borders until it 's time for an actual attack .
this * could * be putin / russia .
there have been some harsh diplomatic exchanges and expulsions in the past few months .
russia has more capability in this area than people give them credit for .
< user > let be honest multiculturalism is just a euphemism for hostile takeover by jews and non whites
again , i did not say that it is downtown and not even the article mentions downing street , so back to your reading comprehension .
i absolutely used the word adjacent correctly but your reading comprehension is holding you back in this instance .
still waiting on that proof of yours .
and you 're not talking down to and/or stereotyping me , right ?
my colleagues in various biological disciplines are male , female , african and anglo - american , tikan ( costa rican ) , mexican , australian , kiwi , pakistani , japanese , nigerian , indian , iranian , bangladeshi , sudani etc.--and those are just the categories of colleagues i know personally , and can recall at one sitting .
you 're convinced they invariably " talk down " to anyone with a vagina ?
i 'm not talking down to you -- i'm openly ridiculing a specious argument .
do n't hate me because i 'm smarter than you ...
canada is full of niggers and hicks dumb as shit wtiyi g for a white chink oil baron and his gay cult witch
i see it in my mind , her head shaking , finger pointing while yapping away like a chicken without a head .
lol
my main complaint , which i expressed through numerous emails to the globe and mail moderators since 2006 , has been that they are extremely diligent about deleting trollish comments that are racist in nature or contain racist language but they have permitted all sorts of attacks on women using all sorts of ( often coded ) sexist language .
i have called them on this many times and found the globe unable or unwilling to address it .
as a result , for several years , i stopped buying the globe and shifted to the new york times , where moderation was much better and i was not subject to attacks for expressing a political view while female .
the lack of enforcement of basic decency and constant harassment of women online has turned many off of participating on discussion boards .
i hope this new system leads to more respectful and civil discussions and i hope it increases the participation of women .
also jews always project their mentality onto their opponents before they attack them and so far your group is the only group who is doing the projection
i am white .
you mods are racist scum and you can go ahead and ban me to save the effort of unsubscribing .
go fuck yourselves .
white white white white white white white white whiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiite
when you think about it , the chinese eat the most pussy .
from < date > to < date > the office of refugee resettlement received a total of < number > allegations of sexual abuse or sexual harassment from the government funded detention facilities and only < number > were referred to the justice dept
how do you blind fold a chinese person ?
using dental floss
very convenient for you .
i figure if nine out of ten news stations and/or periodicals report the same thing ; it is , in fact , the truth .
you can not expect people to believe an outliar ( intentional misspelling ) ..
they had vlad onboard and got lost looking for mar a lago .
he wanted to play some golf .
ca n't believe what i 'm seeing on the news .
i pray for you all to be safe and hang in there .
as well as through the rebuilding of your lives .
does not know the difference between latino and spic but thinks it an authority also thinks it smart 🤔
< user > sikh community always helpful to others specially they help muslims in india in caa nrc protest allah bless
breakups are the worst in china you see her face everywhere
sorry , but i m here to inform you that her home is somalia , not minnesota .
she s an un - american ni**er wench that needs to be striped of her citizenship status and sent packing back to somalia and if she ca nt go there then off to mongolia for the mongaloid .
a chinaman goes to see the eye doctor .
< repeat > after the exam the doctor says , " i know why you 're having trouble .
you have a cataract . "
the chinaman says : " no !
i drive a rincorn continentar . "
i do n't believe a supreme court decision will come down to that , shipboard .
whether their beliefs are based in religion , politics or any other concept , people may collectively associate in groups that share those ideas while lawfully seeking to advance them .
at the same time an individual can never , against his will , be forced to accept those ideas .
twu does n't force anyone to accept their beliefs of what 's right and wrong .
prospective students have four options .
1 ) to agree with and abide by twu 's rules .
2 ) to disagree with twu 's rules , but to follow them anyway .
3 ) to disagree with twu 's rules and secretly ( and lawfully ) behave against them , or 4 ) to seek an education elsewhere .
as you can see , twu 's rules are heavily weighted in favour of those who do n't agree with them .
those who disagree have multiple alternatives .
those who agree with the rules have but one choice .
please explain whose fundamental rights are being violated .
not many likes of your comment .
you should ask your father or grandfather how the nazis treated them and finally enter illegally in the us and now you end up making an ignorant comment forgetting your past .
i swear i can see all of these sjw 's standing over the toilet cussing at their shit saying you racist piece of shit why ca n't you be white
pretty girls ugly faces proves we deserve a ' hot ' women , as we lookmatch them when they do n't wear make up !
if any one has any info on the austin texas band straight laced any info please contact me at skinranger@yahoo.com white power 88
the usa has to make a turn .
you need competence in congress , not colored vaginas .
stop this stupid tolerance .
a person who 's obviously stupid has no place in the government .
and double down as a palestinian refugee .
hmmm ?
what possibly could be his motivation ?
another swamp , another day .
he is mad his bottom line is getting hurt and his chinese handlers are in his ear
compulsory femininity is expensive and exhausting .
i do n't want jewelry , perfume , makeup i carry around to reapply , hair accessories , etc .
so many soy boy cucks in the comment section supporting antifa .
i wish one of you soy boys would step to me .
get your scull cracked in half like the beta male pussies you truly are
manlet uprising going about as expected .
i think those tits need to be abused and your mouth open .
when you go to the grocery store , shop around the edges because that 's where you can find fresh produce , dairy , proteins and exits for when a white supremacist enters with an assault rifle to kill you in cold blood .
nothing in this photo violates any laws however i do see you reposting advocacy of violence in your timeline so i am going to chalk it up as you being another fed
if that was the case then people would not call me a nigger just because i made a joke
if you are anything but a cis heterosexual heteroromantic person , you are welcome in the community .
no matter what !
< user > republicans don ’ t hate gays
and the chinese are playing little potato for a fool .
notice that none of them are doing the real work , though .
and if one them were put in a critical role , it 's curie - hultgreen syndrome all over again .
< user > < user > but why a hindu name aren ’ t muslims names normal to be used in a movie
if you 're looking for a dumb ass bitch , look no further
< number > was done by israel saudi arabia and jews in american gov t wake up america
donald j. trump‏ 

 if last night ’s election proved anything , it proved that we need to put up great republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the house and senate .

aaaaaw @smart_ami it 's not a problem at all , i would have loved 2 have met u ... but like u say another day .
have a fab weekend & amp ; take care xx
substitute " transgender " with jews , blacks , asians , muslims , hispanics , women or any other minority in mr. smiths editorial and you get the underlying fear , intolerance and hatred of anybody other than white males in the service .
equality is very important 😍
i hate our society .
sensitive bunch a cunts .
get over it .
< user > < user > i hate you 😂
the most official report put out on the number of deaths in those camps was the report by the red cross .
mr. hoobyar :   you are such a picky guy .
you seem to think this entire new city hall project should make sense ... both procedurally and fiscally .
clearly you have much to learn about public process .
may i offer you a few free lessons :   first , while there are " elected " bodies such as city councils , etc , they are seldom the " true " decision - makers .
those would be the higher - echelon bureaucrats ... the experts who spoon - fed information to those elected officials and receive smiling nods of approval and permission .
secondly , the decision - making process starts with the " end - product " then the public process is manipulated to reach that goal .
if you do n't like an option , remove it ..... if you wish to replace an existing building , for example , first demolish it so there is no chance of remodeling / expanding it and continuing to use it .
the old " seismic risk " routine is ever - so - helpful here .... a building you do n't " like " is a " risk " , one you like is " grandfathered . "
( cont )
it what happens when jews and slut whores cum together
miss the chinaman in the hood yo
< user > why does everyone look miserable been watching some of the wider conference and they all look really bored and fed up serious question
alex jones is falsely reporting that franks did not want to have sex with the women he tried to pay to be surrogate mothers
best or not asians are not whites and they will bring all the negative and alien externalities with them that make white people feel like strangers in their own land
yu really can not save these hoes they do not wanna be saved
current gop demonstrating depth of their christian values .
@senrobportman @warrendavidson @votecandice16 # haveaheart https://t.co/btjaseepym
not gon na let someone like him talk shit to my dear theoriginals specially when the person is being this retarded since god knows when i might not post a lot but i am watching all of you 👁 👁 creeps away slowly
my isp is in charge of the power on island and internet .
we get like 50 power outs a week , which caused them to break something in my area .
wel never get prostitution because of adultery .
couples will be angry that their spouse will have a socially acceptable place where they can be unfaithful , and all the bible thumpers will back them .
our very " lustful thoughts " - along with everything about our humanity - during the eucharist are consecrated into the body and blood of jesus and are a constitutive element of our holy communion with each other .
[ actually white people of " un certain age " - especially white men - should generally not be encouraged to dance in public - regardless of how the spirit moves them .
it 's just not a pretty thing to watch .
who wants to have those images stuck in our heads ? ...
sorry ... ]
> in a country that wants to help the usa destroy mine .
trust me , we will never ever destroy you .
there is a geography challenge which prevents any war with iran .
we may bark here and there when we have nothing better to do .
but yeah , american people do n't view iran like the rest of the middle east .
currently , middle east is out of vogue as we are more focused on attacks by white supremacists sponsored by russia and illegal immigrants .
surprisingly , we agree .
i believe it 's utterly self - defeating to allow my enemies to educate my children ( well , my grandchildren now ) .
al - shahiid malik al - shabazz ( aka the martyr malcolm x , rah'matullahi alayhi ) rightly pointed out that a segregated school is n't necessarily an all - black school .
rather , it 's a school where the whites rulers not only control their schools , but they control the black schools as well -- i.e. , allowing your enemies to " educate " your children .
as murderous and evil as he was , mao zedong did oversee the chinese people taking control of their own schools after being " educated " by occupiers who put signs on the outskirts of peiping saying " no dogs or chinese allowed"--after that happened they went from buffalo - cart agriculture to the nuclear age in just 40 years .
when i retire next year i will be homeschooling my youngest grandchildren .
easier than getting the older kids to jettison the self - hatred , ignorance and dependency promulgated in state - run schools .
muslim men looking for which of their made up hadiths to pull out in order to disarm educated muslim woman that they think is threatening their agenda url
final solution is what hitler and the nazis called the slaughter of millions of jews , gays , prostitutes , and sometimes homeless .
hahaha ! ! !
struggling trump .
delusional dems are at it again .
i expect we 'll see trump win the election by double digits .
the lieberal media keeps trying to perpetuate this clinton leading lie but that is to be expected .
there are not any jew signatures on our declaration of independence those subversive babylonian blood sucking serpent seed kenite vampires are not out founding fathers posterity .
they are not our brethren .
they are christ killers .
they are anti - christ .
oh my god ... i finally got the budget for my study abroad program and it 's estimated to be $ 10,000 for 3 weeks
go neck yourself dirty nigger here in europe nazism is growing we will get all you non whites and kill you all
what do you get when you cross an asian and a black .
a poor kid that ca n’t drive or get a job .
< user > i figured it i was gay i get so mad at incels yet i feel identified with them i hate this lol
suck my dick trash
" obama ran for office on the premise that he was a black man .
he was not a woman and he was black .
he had very little more going for him than that . "
i 'd like to point out that obamacare is here to stay .
obama , being sorta familiar with constitutional law scribbled out the aca and slid it under the noses of the scotus and they said it was lawful .
the entire altrightpubs clump swore it was unconstitutional .
based on whatever fox " legs ! "
had to say about it that day and the day after for years .
i 'd also like to point out that the " 1st day " is long since past and obamacare is still the law of the land .
the altrightpubs were positive obamacare would be vaporised once the altrightpubs were in command of all three branches .
their voters were positive the promise of " root and branch " repeal would be kept .
nopers , lolol ... that " non hero " mccain once again proved worthy of the moniker " hero " .
he took his thumb and stuck it in the oompa 's   proverbial eye in front of all of america .
1 - 800 empire !
its nice to know some of the refugees are converting to christians
mr. hoobyar :   you are such a picky guy .
you seem to think this entire new city hall project should make sense ... both procedurally and fiscally .
clearly you have much to learn about public process .
may i offer you a few free lessons :   first , while there are " elected " bodies such as city councils , etc , they are seldom the " true " decision - makers .
those would be the higher - echelon bureaucrats ... the experts who spoon - fed information to those elected officials and receive smiling nods of approval and permission .
secondly , the decision - making process starts with the " end - product " then the public process is manipulated to reach that goal .
if you do n't like an option , remove it ..... if you wish to replace an existing building , for example , first demolish it so there is no chance of remodeling / expanding it and continuing to use it .
the old " seismic risk " routine is ever - so - helpful here .... a building you do n't " like " is a " risk " , one you like is " grandfathered . "
( cont )
reproductive coercion .
meaning either men who poke holes in the condoms or sabotage a woman 's birth control to get her pregnant without her consent ; or women who lie about being on birth control , poke holes in the condoms , or scoop condoms out of the trash can so they can inseminate themselves .
all this for a baby that the other person does n't wants .
kids deserve both parents who want them .
this movie is ghetto
@asainspades @urocklive1 that 's what i 've been thinking !
tell immigrants to go home , tell americans to leave home ... myopic morons ..
man , refugees are making it easy for the far - right .
crimes like that linger in people 's minds .
if you want the interview then you provide the person .
he is not asking you to talk to him you are asking him to talk to you .
you are just determined to be mad young lady in this clip .
it does n't matter what this guy says you 've already decided that he 's some sort of sexist pig and must therefore pay for whatever atrocities you believe has been done to you .
i understand that this guy just wanted to protect himself and for that you 're going to infer that he 's some sort of bad person .
well f * * * that that 's just stupid !
a new way to look at impeachment :   • a majority of men oppose impeaching trump . •
a majority of women support impeaching trump . •
a majority of white people oppose impeaching trump . •
a majority of people of color support impeaching trump .
url url
yes incredibly racist the japanese think all other asians are sub par hence the rape of nanking genetic experiments on chinese and korean comfort women
that a fact so much so that asians automatically get < number > points deducted from their sat scores while blacks hispanics get < number > < number > points added to theirs you know just to keep the balance so no one really sees what happening caucasians they are on their own
i want a truth and no reconciliation these fuckers who have done this to our lands must confess that they lied to shitskins and flooded our lands to destroy shitskins must be told the truth we knew you would fuck shit up so we sent you into white lands
uh ..... mr. mason ...... uniting the right in alberta is not going to get ugly .
it is already an ugly , ugly affair .
# pridemonth happy gay month gays :d
women should tell the truth .
like the sex got boring , he does nt listen , lowt attraction and all those things but they ca n't because men are over emotional and get violent when they get mad .
so take the kind lies and suck it .
while cops bother asians even now , they are on their worst behavior with blacks and still are .
when they say they fear black suspects , it comes from guilt .
@itsaadee will fuck you suarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr , get out from my country .. namak haram
how do you tell if your car was made in asia ?
the headlights are slanted
he was out looking for clients   :) .
< user > < user > nobody is going to hate you you are an awesome resistor
screen rant - posts | daredevil 's coming out of the shadows in ... https://t.co/xw5jgs0g6 m https://t.co/8gho9bgdy3
innocent and guilty are the wrong words .
dangerous is the operative concept .
if you remove the economic danger , three - quarters of abortions would not occur .
end the social consequences of teenage pregnancy and another fifth go away .
the physically dangerous ones , however , are not immoral to end .
nigga shut up lol i 'm done here been done .
i ca n't wait to fuck your mother in two .
any last words ?
judge : got anything else you ’d like to say ?
criminal : i just have one thing to say .
if you truly are what you eat , then i ’m an innocent man !
i 'm horrified to hear that .
i just made a video about the gay community and my thoughts on it .
we 've all been through the pain of coming out .
we 've all been through the fear of having that close call and being tested and afraid .
so instead of hate why do n't we support each other through our shared experiences and hardships that we all have in common ! ?
i just do n't understand why we do n't band together and support one another instead of this bizarre gay community we have at the moment which is all about tribes and socks and superficial , irrelevant bs .
i guess i 've been doing a good enough job that a pua / mra site decided i was public enemy # 1 .
something to write home about ?
and on another note , we have some news : ruger corporate sturm , ruger & company , inc. reports strong first quarter bookings march 21 , 2012 sturm , ruger & company , inc. ( nyse : rgr ) , announced today that for the first quarter 2012 , the company has received orders for more than one million units .
cocktails at dawn for the national come on 80/1 here we fucking go
nobody wants to be near your disgusting paki butthole trust me maybe shit obsessed bugmen tho
just did a world trip and i would say that south america + turkey in general were super excited about seeing asians .
kpop is big in south america and i had a girl in turkey scream and run to me excitedly asking me if i was korean / japanese .
did n't face any discrimination , and people in latin america & turkey were friendly as hell .
but in general , if you 're asian - looking , they will assume you are from asia .
had one guy in turkey said i do n't look like i 'm from america .
if anything , they may ask some ignorant - ish questions but nothing malicious .
oh ... carter .
the diplomat idiot ? (
noko , iran , etc)his " giveaways " to noko got us what ?
and is n't the little penguin now threatening all of asia and the pacific to get what he wants ?
good job libertards !
so explain why it the only aspect of history that is protected by laws in europe people go to jail for questioning any aspect of the holocaust
$ 472 million that will be billed directly to the working canadians .
somebody has to pay for the multi - million bonuses , private jets and the trips to the climate conferences .
< user > < user > my son died of dementia at the age of three and i am currently amidst killing my self so a stanky ass booty pic from your ching chong ass would make my life so much better rn
< user > kill yourself o 🙄
< user > ew you kpoop ching chong stan 😷 😷 😷 and biackp nk ew yikes disgustang
< user > < user > send an old chinaman to < number > < number > to beat up the old chinese bastard
alt left and alt right are both stupid childish and evil let us stop all this bigotry and authoritarianism known as gay pride straight pride man power woman power black power white power and other nonsense and be proud of being individuals and give liberty a chance votelibertarian
if you read the article it contains quotes from people who live in that area and are excited about the trails and are responsible for the project .
so perhaps direct your ire to those horrible people who want to make more trails where they live .
soy look i know i have fucked a few asians here and there but i highly doubt my face looks like soy sauce
what ’s the difference between a lobster and the chinese man who got hit by a car ?
ones a crustacean and the others a crushed asian
the confederacy made it crystal clear that they rejected that ideal entirely .
acceptable ?
i would like to ask the owetario crowd .
how does health care spending and public education spending per student compare with the neighbouring jurisdictions .
we know that ontario students rank highly especially compared to us .
health care in owetario also is lower per patient and we have better outcomes .
is n't this a good deal ?
owetario is n't perfect but is that enough to be so negative when one looks at peers .
just asking .
if only those nasty liberals had just allowed the sf bay to continue to be filled in instead of " regulating " it , housing in the bay area would be oh - so - cheap . (
for those unfamiliar with this bit of history , the wife of the chancellor at uc berkeley did stop the filling of the bay that was proceeding uninhibited in the early 1960 's .
see foster city and the oakland airport . )
in the west we generally support regulation of where housing and other development may go .
the alternative is houston .
if that 's what you want , there 's still lots of buildable land in texas , and most of it is away from the coast .
of course the jobs do n't pay as well and the air is n't quite what most folks consider breathable , but since you abhor regulation that should n't be a problem for you .
oh , and do n't forget to buy enough nearby land to prevent a refinery from locating next door , as happens in texas with often catastrophic consequences .
ok then the feds will add another $ 25 / tonne .
pallister is playing games again before heading back to costa rica .
in canada the most acts of vandalism are still directed at the jewish population although cases of vandalism of mosques is growing .
overt acts and words of intolerance are felt by a number of visible minorities including aboriginals , blacks , sikhs , muslims and asians .
those bigoted acts however seldom reach a level which could be described as terrorism .
our white christian majority is far from perfect but there is no comparison to attacks by muslim extremists in europe and the uk , attacks on coptic christians in egypt or the more numerous attacks on muslims by muslims in the mid east and africa .
so far muslims are much safer than blacks in the us or aboriginal women in canada or christians in egypt .
we should be ashamed of small acts of bigotry but let 's not pretend that a single death in london totally counter balances all the deaths on 9/11 or throughout europe in recent years .
those asians and blacks would continue to imitate whites just to gain an upper hand or just to show that they are ` ` superior '' .
rt @ohheyitsrei : there 's a scene in yorha where a bunch of machines form a fucking megazord and i 'm upset nothing like that was in automata
go get honor killed by your shitskin parents you ugly thot
so here 's where all that missing bank stimulus money went !
find his fat ass on the closest golf course that does n't allow minorities .
this is funny .
the state of california is on record to oppose and fight just about everything the trump administration does and has hired former attorney general eric holder to lead the fight .
it now wants the federal government ( trump administration ) to help pay millions of dollars to repair the dam .
what nerve .
let the people of california bail out their own boat .
all ivory trade should be banned 

 2015 25 walruses found dead near cape lisburne .
u.s. fish and wildlife service determined the laughter was human caused .
1992 – a two year federal undercover operation interrupted one of the biggest wildlife slaughters in modern alaska history ; a grisly massacre of protected walruses providing ivory for the tourist trade .
2007 - commentary by paul watson founder and president of sea shepherd conservation society : headless walrus are washing up on alaskan beaches and narwhals are being pumped full of lead .
arctic wildlife is under assault in the quest for ivory and few dare question the losses for fear of being labeled racist .
additional stories , www.adn.com , search “ ivory ” .
alaska ivory poaching is on a par with african elephant ivory poaching .
@theskindoctor13 @sageelani so what ?
if they want to live their lives separately from hindus ?
what 's wrong with it ?
it was always for islam because that 's the only reason of our lives .
we want to live with peace .
borninto the aftermaths of nihilism 

 kali yuga 
 harrowing 
 everything 
 pointedly 
 into the void
it could be said that asians and native gays have been part of the pride flag all along .
eat more fiber wolf eagle , some of that could just be irregularity .
msm tatics if shooter is not white bitch about gun control if white use the nazi angle blame trump and probably roll out gabby giffords and the usual suspects
my agenda is n't to accept absurd logic as a reasonable conclusion .
i think the internet has gotten people comfortable to saying things like " oh , someone i do n't agree with ?
facist . "
and they get a " like " and think that 's all it takes to formulate a sound argument .
what i try to do is hear the statement someone is making , test the logic of their conclusion , and then challenge them on it .
i have made plenty of concessions i 'm candid when i agree with someone .
often times what happens is that i point out the logic of someone 's conclusion and instead of them refuting it with logic of their own they change the topic or resort to ad hominid attacks : " you 're just a brainwashed libber " , " that 's what all snowflakes think " , or even " you were never really a christian so you ca n't speak on this " .
i might be combative and stern but it 's only because i 'm slightly jaded by the regulars .
i 'm interested in sound debate , not bandwagon attacks .
edit : i 'm not even a liberal which is what 's funny .
what would michael jackson be doing today if he was alive ?
clawing at the inside of his casket .
nobody burned down any homes .
one limo was burned .
the perp was identified and charged .
that 's how our system of justice is supposed to work .
terrorists mowing demonstrators down with cars is not how our system works .
get the difference ?
no , i did n't think so .
i am persistent in stating the facts .
you assume that your beliefs are 100 % congruent with the magisterium , and thus , if someone disagrees with you , they disagree with the teachings of the church .
there are two problems : the first comes if , in fact , your beliefs are not what the magisterium teaches .
this has been shown at least once , where you differed from the actual teaching on salvation .
i would prove this was the case , but you deleted the post ( which is not really the honest thing to do ) .
the other thing is that you take the attitude that those who disagree with you thus read themselves out of the church .
there is also the matter that you cling to the delusion that the magisterium never changes a teaching .
no , trid , you insist that you and you alone are the soul of orthodoxy , and all who disagree with you are only pretending to be catholic .
you are narrow - minded , arrogant , and not wholly honest .
" you do n't like being in the minority " ?
minority or not when have i ever complained about being an independent ?
good grief no wonder you seem to not have a clue as to what this thread began with .
that nigga ice give new york niggas a bad rep
oh and just wait for my latest , greatest mukilteo beacon submission to get published ...
kim jong un is a chink magnet
ok folks , show us what you 've got .
it 's your show from here .
@andrewarkills @tishaura @caraspencerstl @jstriebel22
even the chinese in a city that is now predominantly asian do not like what is happening to vancouver .
at least they can express their opinions without being called racist & xenophobic , you know , the terms used against any one else who had the same concerns over the last couple decades ?
canadians are in desperate need of a brain transplant .
women should tell the truth .
like the sex got boring , he does nt listen , lowt attraction and all those things but they ca n't because men are over emotional and get violent when they get mad .
so take the kind lies and suck it .
re the whole khadr case , bottom line is the judiciary ruled in favour of khadr on this one .
i 'm not happy about this in so many ways but i do n't blame the libs for the payout as the court case transcended past liberal and conservative governments .
the issue i have is the optics of the whole thing .
majority of canadians do n't favour this .
liberals should have seen the negative repercussions of this coming .
if they had been smart about it , they would have gotten ahead of this and said something like " we realize many will be disappointed in the outcome , but have to cede to the canadian judiciary system .
this case has been in the courts for years and has   been costly to canadians .
we   put an end to this and need to focus on other matters . "
this would have absolved them of being seen as taking a side in the matter as in the end in really was the courts decision and the only choice the gov't had was to appeal once again - if in fact another appeal would have been granted .
how many cannabis deaths , though ?
or disease ?
that a retarded non argument the bible is also a best seller in communist china
london that the former capital city where the natives are a minority right the one with a sand nigger muslim as mayor
i have never said all .
never .
i have family who are white .
ok ?
i love them with my heart and soul .
and they know it .
and i am the godfather of my family , thais , chinese , whites , swedish , german .
and probably more i do n't know about .
you all taking harassment to another level out here
i retrospect it pretty obvious to see that obama is pro muslim if not a muslim himself he stabbed israel in the back tried to give millions to the palestinians and literally gave iran pallets full of money to help them further there nuclear and missile program
< user > stupid fkn retard
< user > you towel head ass hoed
i do n't understand how you actually have a round butt and big boobs .
i mean , you 're asian for crying out loud !
the poverty rate is defined statistically by the behaviors i have outlined .
i am not moralizing .
you have missed the point entirely .
most common racist quote " i 'm not racist "   " where s my black at " " laziness is a trait in blacks""they are rapists its part of their culture " " the japs“blood coming out of her wherever , ” this mans a joke all the poor republicans had to do was pick a fairly sane rational moderate republican , and they would have won .
instead they picked an orange racist clown , who by all accounts has been a misogynistic horrible example of what the human race is capable of in its desire for power , money , and a bigger phallus .
this is the only place in the world where asians call themselves chinks and indians call themselves currycels 
 wow .
where can you find indian redditors ?
on r / gonewild .
my ninjas if ya have n't seen interstellar with matthew mcconaughey , fucking watch it do n't even be smacked cause you 'll be lost probably .
pretty soon the term flyover state will be literal .
nowhere to land .
it is kind of funny how much more body confident i 've gotten ever since the gaters started calling me fat . &
lt;3
pat lynch should sit his ass down .
he had nothing to say when cops were caught on camera killing unarmed black males .
fucking hypocrite .
url
your fascist , pinhead effluent spewing from a diseased mind is reflective of your entire comments history .
you refuse to believe any truth that does n't fit your narrow , misbegotten world mired in misery and failure with only the comments section to satisfy your twisted mental state grounded in your republican fascist ideology .
very doubtful your own pseudonym has any basis in fact .
i am proud of my name .
apparently you are n't of yours .
any circle that includes you would not be anything i would be a part of .
what is a tamura ?
some stolen name from an asian food packet ?
yuk !
yuk !
yuk !
i wanna go back to the weekend of doing nothing with cody except sleeping , eating and watching movies & # 128149 ;
all 2 dozen of em eh .
heterosexuals do such a parade , they would be cuffed and marched off to hm cells before one straight flag was flown 🤨 👇
justin trudeau is the retarded asshole bastard son of fidel castro
ice raids sweep up < number > undocumented immigrants across mississippi the should arrest the employers like trump that hire illegals too
poc / minority nazis deserve to be tortured to death , not shot in the head like a regular white nazi .
url
i 'd bet money your pussy smells like poverty and tears
worley mgtow , wow , it 's weird to hear the truth around here .
israel almost killed all the american sailors aboard the uss liberty , well , ya did n't .
that fat fag needs to take a look in the mirror , he looks like a wm - af deranged hapa himself .
he should cut his face open and tear it after smashing that ugly mug into the mirror .
then his white ass gets raped in an alley by tyrones and gets injected with some african dna into his cuckasoid genes .
spitting hairs are you now ?
just kidding .
seriously , anyone acting with violence towards another is not a good person .
why did n't you include the new - nazi groups and supremacists with your critique ?
one of the hardest things to find in america is a doctor who is not a nigger sand nigger dot head spic or chink
i was beating the shit out of minorities but forgot to bring the crack to sprinkle on them afterwards
solution ?
build the wall deport them all .
you guys are still spreading these lies huh , i 'm sure a guy who wrote about the " great white replacement " and his desire to start a race war shot up a mosque because of his views on the environment
< user > girl like tf lol them white hoes was better
i guess you did n't read the article where obama 's 2009 speech was more of an apology .
what do you call a chinese woman with one leg ?
irene
do n't talk to me , rapist trash
edgy girls are worse than edgy guys .
they just collect skulls instead of chickens or some other shit .
wholesome goodness , your moniker masks your xenophobia .
real estate has been bought and sold the world over by foreign nationals for centuries .
and as for laundering money , since when did that become a chinese monopoly ?
guess there is nothing purer than a white christian canadian of anglo - saxon heritage - we never take advantage of anybody or any situation .
if vancouver or other canadian " world class " cities like to pretend as such , they need to learn to accept the dynamics that come with the territory .
how many londoners , parisians or new yorkers are there who do n't struggle with housing prices .
not many is my guess .
damn i wish it was that easy new laundry detergent it will turn a nigger into an asian in < number > seconds flat
@badh_badh_baba @ertugru66904008 @lndianpresident @jayashree_ravis @zainabsikander lol .... you ripped the retard right in the middle .... bloody rice bag hindu hating converts .
@fbrak @grahamanelson @joswinson somewhere between the years of the third and fourth reich 😬 .
back when london was n't a shithole , thousands of girls were n't raped by scum , we did n't need ram bars around every market place , when bobbies did n't have to be armed with machine guns .
before unlimited immigration .
pocho , it 's amazing how " educated " you can make yourself " sound " .
the easy part to figure out is that you are educated beyond your intelligence ! !
how would you describe the mass killings in las vegas , colorado , and the east coast ? ? ?
hhhmmmmm , let me think here : it was n't muslims ,   it was n't asians , it was n't africans , definitely not immigrants , not even moron presidents .......... 
 oh yeah , they were all white americans ! ! ! ! !
they were n't liberals or conservatives , they were mass murderers , were n't they ? ? ? ?
none of them changed laws , i doubt any of them knew who george soros was , or larry da hustler , for that matter .
looks to me like judge watson is just doing his job without bias ! !
you , on the other hand , seem to be hung up on labels that a truly educated human would not need to rely on .
its nice to know some of the refugees are converting to christians
one reason why we # wearorange is to honor members of the lgbtq+ community who are disproportionately affected by gun violence and create a future where no one is targeted for who they are or who they love . #
pridemonth url
well i have no money to go over the sea neither i think we should have it all over the world on the same day for those that do nt have enough money to travel that far wpww .
not watching the superbowl this year fucking go away patriots we all hate you
ah yes , criticizing grammatical errors ,   a profoundly satisfying way to avoid addressing an argument .
i find many try to use this kind of argument to " win points . "
i suspect this type of argument is often the type of behaviour that leads children to turn their back on their parents ' beliefs , thus deserting the church and buying a one way ticket to hell .
people of color is like lgbtq term that exists to try to make a coalition out of people who do not get along hispanics ethnically cleanse blacks asians are hurt by aa policies put in place for nams political lesbians hate trannies various do not trust bisexuals we can amplify these tensions
tired of y all erasing the contributions poc have made especially for marvel , black panther was the catalyst for introducing diversity as a successful investment & tessa thompson has always vied for female & lgbt rep to feige + marvel did n't do diversity for brie , it 's for money 😭
temporary inconvenience of people from terror prone regions for 90 days :    2 
 safety of americans and all people in the country and installing new security measures :                                                       0
how absurd .
we do n't even know what they 'll be voting on tomorrow .
how irresponsible .
i used to think i was a winter person but god the sun is out n i m in such a good mood cause of it like i m over being cold n sad tbh
gearing up my dk .
just hit 100 with her this evening .
^.^
last word .
my grandma was legit the best role model my daddy could ask for she had a degree and a career and raised him in a christian household and the stupid nigger still chose the streets 😭
well , i am in the game - both holder and lynch were some of the worst racist ag our nation has ever known .
lynch is nothing but pet slave of al sharpton and his brood of black racists .
how bad can jeff session truly be ?
funny thing about racism today compared to racism of 1960s and prior is that racism is not longer the monopoly of the white folks .
i should know since i am not white guy myself .
racism now comes from every color of every ethnic groups .
blacks are just as racist as white , so are the hispanics or even asian americans or natives .
nowadays , anyone can call anyone ... "a racist " and due to that , it has become almost worthless descriptive word .
if mr. putski called me a " racist " , and i do the same and we will be down to a level of couple of children calling each other names and resolving nothing .
i think there should be ban on the word " racist " because it really means nothing in this day and age .
but i doubt if that will happen since its a favorite attack word of an misanthrope .
why has stephen hawking ’s stopped playing hide and seek with his wife ?
because she keeps using a metal detector
no you ca n't like him .
it 's the most disgusting thing to mix a black and an asian !
what is huge , noisy and stinks like fish - yet goes by mostly unnoticed ?
women 's march
trump is reflecting most of us voters on this one .
why is the state of israel ... a matter of national security ?
why is cocaine white ?
cause it actually works
i want to make a moba .
its based in a forest and called league of logang
" fdr , and others ( e.g. , churchill ) , thought the japanese had rational leadership which could be deterred . "
lol .
the entire world in the 1930 's was a fascist swamp with more and less vicious fascist countries everywhere .
japan 's emperor was pure evil .
japan was one big fascist cult of war   with a racist superiority complex , the aristocrats demanding god - like authority over their subordinates .
and the western countries were almost as bad .
gays , women , ethnic folks , jews , indigenous people , chinese , french - canadians - all were mistreated as second class citizens at best , jailed as criminals at worst .
life was very nice for middle class white folks , sure .
but canada and the world was a fascist swamp .
it was only a matter of time before the alligators , crocs , snakes , and others attacked one another .
you said you are a man .
yet you are being called a terf .
you 're completely disproving your entire argument that it 's solely aimed at women .
this is ridiculously transparent .
< user > < user > < user > 😂 ya u give him chocolate and send him home he will be sent again with same mindset because deep down someone jihadi mindest told him ur fighting for azzadi such a shame brainwashing child for these things they just detain them simple
# ikleaderofnation 8 .
imran is a true role model for “ moderate muslims ” .
he does not shy from referring to islamic principles and ideals
my dad came to hawaii in the mid 1930s because he did not want to be drafted into the japanese army .
one of his brothers did get drafted into the japanese army and died fighting the americans .
what future considerations ?
the liberal posters here like to tell us that trudeau is here for 12 years .
< user > yes i ’ m an immigrant bit i support trump < number > < number > reasoning i see alzheimer ’ is catching up to you
amateur porn and romantic vanilla hentai are the most depressing kinds of porn 
 if you wanna watch porn that wo n't depress you , watch professional shit where they do that as a job .
its beautiful artwork i love the homosexual imagery you like to use did you know that jesus was an arab
if it 's not too late , this deal should be ripped up .
everybody i speak to gets riled up about this .
do the right thing .
the chinese are murderous , anti - freedom .
please for god 's sake , do n't let them spy ( any more ) on us .
bitch b on dicks
ugh , we 're doing terrible .
a lot of asians , so you know- no one buys anything .
@gwanjez africans must connect with their history before slavery & colonialism .
our great ancestors developed 1st human civilisations around the nile valleys , kmt , nubia , dogon , mutapa , zulu empires .
they invented spiritual systems , science , astronomy , mathematics etc .
we are great people
if the census can ask if your female or male if you 're white black hispanic asian or other then it most certainly can ask if you are a legal citizen
homosexuality is not a choice but homophobia is , stop being assh*les
its simple , your white .
your genetic code does nt include a racial commitment to crime .
be glad and for for those reasons .
this is what society has turned into .
take a stand and defend your race .
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white
it 's weird most indians dot and to an extent feather that i deal with hate blacks more than they do whites and find blacks to be lazy and worthless .
every black person wash off the toothbrush , apply toothpaste and then wet the toothpaste before brushing url
a lot of it could be mostly blacks with hispanics though .
why do asians hate football ?
they spend 13 hours a day making them
ordered a copy the other day , can not wait to settle down for a good read in front of the fire here .
you chinky eyes piece of shit
hi lovely !
@harry_styles your act of kindness & amp ; goodwill has become my best lifetime memory . & #
129419 ; ilysm & amp ; i hope you follow me soon!&#128153 ; ❥ 43,280
leave my monuments alone i love my history the good and the bad
paul joseph watson : 
 ‏ 
 just checking , is it still ok to call north korea a shithole , or does that make me racist ?
is the garratt 's refusal to be bitter about china a testament to the human spirit or an indication of stupidity ?
a cultured person will generally forgive wrongdoing , but this is usually done after an apology and an attempt to make amends .
in this case they got neither .
their freedom is certainly something to be thankful for , but losing your home , your business , your friends , and paying out 20 k in fines and 9 k in " expenses " means the chinese still think they are guilty and have in no way apologized or made amends .
do n't forget , this was after they did many humanitarian works on behalf of the chinese .
trudeau might have made a diplomatic coup by securing their freedom but without restitution and an apology i would say the victory is somewhat hollow .
i do hope the garratts rebuild their life here at home and others learn from their experience .
as for your parroting of the gun controller 's " first world " talking point .
define " first world " countries for me and give your objective standard .
what you , and the gun control bigots , actually mean are majority white , mostly ethnically and culturally homogenous , northern and western european nations , plus a few asian countries and city states with similar demographics .
now , setting aside the very real problems with cross - cultural comparisons in general , you might note , if you knew what you were talking about , that the nations to which you refer had those same lower rates of homicide compared to us -prior- to their passing -any- gun control laws .
gun control in europe is primarily an artifact of the post - wwi ( post - russian revolution ) period , when , there as in the us , public and governmental fear of the native poor , immigrants , often from eastern europe , often jewish , and minorities , all viewed as vulnerable to enticement by reds and anarchists , led to calls for them to be disarmed .
@aig " why god hates pride " ..... funny how he 's supposed to be " all loving " until you twist it all round in your hate filled bigoted manner .
how about you stop persecuting other people and just concentrate on getting your own house in order ?
you have 2000 years to catch up on .
china has long wanted to be the # 1 country in the world , and in much of he world , they already are # 1 .
the emergence of an unfit demagogue to lead the us ( and other western democracies ) has long been predicted by chinese scholars and thinkers as the inevitable end result of   western - style democracies .
it appears that trump is the unfit , dumbass , foolish demagogue china has longed for .
what comes next is n't going to pretty , but trump , and ignorant american voters , who chose to vote for him ,   have basically handed china the situation for which they longed .
as for canada , i think we should distance ourselves from trump and the coming american demise as best possible , as gradually as possible , as we start friending china big league , as trump would say .
we could start by allowing them to buy out our tar sands , to do with as they wish .
the rest of canada would probably get a better deal with china than we will get from letting alberta sell off the tar sands to the u.s ..
go ask your rabbis leo !
who knows why you zionists do the things you do .
according to the usdj bureau of justice statistics : 

 inmates convicted of committing violent acts against children were more like to have been white , a percentage of nearly 70%--seven out of ten -- than any other race .
white inmates were nearly three times more likely to have victimized a child than black inmates .
white inmates were five times more likely to have victimized children than hispanic convicts .
here 's how criminality works in the you - whited snakes of amerikkka : 

 if you commit a crime and you 're arab , african or south asian , you 're a ' terrorist ' .
if you commit a crime and you 're black , you 're a ' thug ' .
if you commit a crime and your white , you 're ' mentally ill ' .
harry kane is a fucking fanny if he was foriegn the commentators would be going on about how bad diving is in the game absolute wankers
what do you call two mexicans playing basketball ?
juan on juan
this is what happens when you do not put the toilet seat down for your immigrant roommate d
trump :   america does n't worship government , we worship god !
< user > you see how they all look retarded well that how you looking right now thinking they finna beat the lakers
high five on that !
i totally lose my mind around attractive women .
i 'm in a relationship with a man , and i love him , but i 'm bi , so i get to do this whole awkward thing with multiple genders .
richard corbell : but gun control advocates never seem to address what will actually fix the problem while at the same time protecting my right to own a gun .
hillary clinton want to close the " charleston loophole " and insure that the result of a background check is in hand of the gun dealer before a gun is sold .
nra is against this .
hillary or any government agency can not take your legally owned guns .
she will not do away with the second amendment .
a well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed .
what does " well regulated " mean ?
in district of columbia v. heller ( 2008 ) , the u.s. supreme court stated that implies nothing more than the imposition of proper discipline and training .
how well disciplined and trained was adam lanza ?
james holmes ?
jared loughner ?
cho seung huio , omar mateen ?
good job .
go warriors !
i want solitude .
i want to be isolated .
i want fucking lonliness . & #
128529 ;
earlier today i was wondering if i was manic or not and i almost fought some dumb bitch at a stop light so i d say ya i am most definitely manic
i 'm going to go out on a limb and posit that more heterosexual men have made more women cum than gay men have made women cum .
the story on drudge about bannon backing away from judge roy moore is # fakenews
yes , the torah is so terrible just follow seven of the commandments /s
well .
yk the truth hurt .. everybody get played .
everybody f * around .
hate to say it .
but yk i had to do it first .&#129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
lol !
st. louis has a very boring # stlcards hashtag , but what in the hell does # thatscub even mean ?
the sad fact is that this is how he and his arab brethren would see her kind too .
i was beating the shit out of minorities but forgot to bring the crack to sprinkle on them afterwards
good guys and gals : 
 god / jesus / holy spirit , the trumps , jordan peterson , lauren southern , alex jones , drudge , michael savage , rebel media folks , crtv , nratv , lionel media , stefan molyneux , mike cernovich , bill whittle , bill mitchell , stephen crowder , gavin mcinnes .
kids will be the the goal of the left again in how normal transgenders are as if we did nt understand the part of the traveling kid that went to be showed off before politician 's ... that why spiceal e.d is for tho so they can have local help for there real gender understanding not family manipulation
these women graduated from a military academy with a long history of fostering brilliant minds .
they 'll be fine , now go back to playing your xbox in your dirty underwear .
woman gives birth in rest stop , abandons baby - redditors defends her
rt @sarcasmleague : somewhere in the world some bitch is ordering roses for herself so she does n't look like the lonely bitch at the office
seriously , why get all self righteous about your so called " rights " to use the streets at night ?
it 's not like your tax dollars paid for them or anything .
the government built those roads .
it 's called socialism .
the government needs to issue a curfew so people know when it is ok to use their roads .
owaisi crying < number > rohingyas has never have tears for < number > kashmiri hindu pundits killed tortured raped driven away from their homes with anouncements 4 m masjids support of rohingyas b deshi muslims is for change demography for muslim majority to turn india into hell < number > hindus
knowing the shit a nigga would do for his girl is outrageous all niggas ca nt relate
as a nurse in 1972 when i graduated from nursing school we had preventive health care as the focus of all patient care , the first line of defense by using health education and reliable treatment of chronic diseases to prevent hospitalizations .
we had the medical delivery system in place to achieve this goal .
the hospital system in the big city i lived in had " satellite " clinics all over in community neighborhoods , i worked as a student in several of them .
my point is that i am for " managed " care which is the new term for this older method of delivering health care to people ,   so i support this because it saves not only money but peoples health and lives , and if you do n't have your health ...... however i have a deep concern about alaska having worked the medical care delivery system in place and been a patient of for years , do the communities have in place the resources they need to deliver this type of care or will it all be in the larger cities which is a burden to some residents ?
check out this youtube channel i found , i agree with most of what he says diversity destroys social cohesion in the west - youtube
you do n't need a link to know where his ideas come from .
you poor poor right wing victims of self attack .
foreigners are buying property everywhere .
it should be a condition of any asians coming to canada that they agree to live in underground tunnels that we bore for them .
living in a tunnel is still way better than living in china .
it 's interesting how dogs from different countries make different sounds ... for instance an american dog goes woof , a czech dog goes haf , a dutch dog goes blaf and a chinese dog goes sizzle .
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
pretty much all of " idti i smotri " ( often mistranslated as come and see , go and look is far more accurate ) .
and the point being made is just who made up the difference between the two ?
by what standard ?
sorry to sound racist , but if she was asian , chinese , filipina , korean , she would 've been welcomed and extended into any length of time ! ! !
this is hawaii of corruption and lechery !
convinced that the judges opposing trump 's travel ban only want entry for mistresses and sexters !
a monagamous woman going to a boyfriend who us white ?
who wants her ?
only need " china dolls " for billy to entertain at those clubs , or for higher ed profs ... etc etc !
believe me !
neither hpd , or cbp , nor cyfd will do anything to a chinese woman ! ! ! !
flagged !
abuse and harrassment ! !
suddenly afp are concerned for my safety and i 've been used as bait for 13years on the sly so when do i get my name cleared and my life back
@chuckcallesto she should be removed from the general population .
michelle obama , racist or not ?
do we really need to bring up obama 's race ?
from his wife , no less . "
i guess it 's kind of like if the black guy can do it , anybody can do it -- and that 's not true .
it 's a hard job . "
url
moebiex1 , you asked for a reference 
 i gave you one 
 you did not react ?
what do you think ?
you convinced yet ?
then who is left if you would n't vote for anyone with a superpac ?
this is what our elections have turned into .
you ca n't run for office without a ton of money so we do n't get decent people , we get bought people .
" wh - what did i do ! ?
you 're the one who made it sound creepy and wrong ! " "
private lessons , " " huh ? #
chiebot "
how many cannabis deaths , though ?
or disease ?
that 's how i think of the world in which we live .
not , " i recently spoke at a music and literature festival that was so painfully white ... " so painfully asian , east indian , black , hispanic ....   her mind is very lopsided .....
< user > good they don ’ t deserve to get paid the < user > don ’ t do anything but help illegal aliens
< user > < user > ching chong nobody gives a fuck you atheist
whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non - whites .
@theskindoctor13 @sageelani so what ?
if they want to live their lives separately from hindus ?
what 's wrong with it ?
it was always for islam because that 's the only reason of our lives .
we want to live with peace .
binged given the anime last night i m not the type of person to go out of my way to watch queer media is there a term for this but it was super dope shame that d turn some people off but what can ya do
oh cheer up please we are talking jobs and a great canadian turnaround story ..... quantum security is coming and thank your lucky stars blackberry is at the fore front
nichegamer got blacklisted by a gaming company .
they responded by posting an article friday night about being blacklisted .
oh boy .
arabs wanna scream one umma but when shit hits the fan they mad quiet
this is why we won , because americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable .
we need to fight back against the synagogue and their white / mexican / black communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them .
i am armed and i am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to mexico / guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways .
illegals must die .
if you are anything but a cis heterosexual heteroromantic person , you are welcome in the community .
no matter what !
temporary inconvenience of people from terror prone regions for 90 days :    2 
 safety of americans and all people in the country and installing new security measures :                                                       0
bought an asian sex doll today , they are brilliant ... they blow themselves up
currys are so subhuman even prostitutes wo n't sleep with us 
 i always thought that if i was a virgin by 21 i could still escortcel but now that i know that 's not even an option i think i 'm just gon na blow my head off on my 21st birthday lol
indeed .
@mello_mark : @yesyouresexist lol okaaaay , what i meant does n't really pertain to the workforce but whatever
this dog just messed up his cage&#128580 ; so glad it happened now before i was sleeping good then the middle of the night
all jokes on this sub are copied good thing tho , now i can fap to each one twice
what has happened to hawaii ? ! ?
😩 ! ! !
full of drunks and chinese mistresses and asian prostitutes and theives and brawlers ? ! ?
how do we reclaim our hawaii of love and aloha and hospitality ?
the poor dude probably saved and saved to come to hawaii for a vacation and goes back dead ?
towson parking is ghetto asf
ours is a country so lacking in any sort of cultural foundation that we allow ourselves to be repeatedly owned by moldovan teenagers online
i thought garbage men were supposed to bring trash to the dump but they would n't take me ha ha ha .
self depreciation ftw .
i love white women
marshall should 've been suspended as soon as his story about the miami police began to unravel , exposing him as a liar .
for the post and this reporter to continue to ignore it and cover for him reminds me of what 's happening in hollywood .
[ @richelieusister ] korra lets herself be pushed to lay down .
she groans and bites her lip .
she tries her best to not thrust upwards ( c )
eat a dick faggot
natural gas pipelines in coastal states is so .. 20th century .
see : lng tankers ; global heating .
it is fucking freezing i m under 3 blankets and still shivering
@richardbspencer should power everything with nukes and have electric cars can sell the coal and oil to others
i think taiwan independence depends on taiwan .
does taiwan call themselves chinese ?
or taiwanese ?
china is a bully and all world leaders have let this bully , bully for a very long time .
why are chinese women trying so desperately to look white and western ?
i wish i would argue with a nigga or a bitch imma just laugh at ya ass
patriarchy may have been killed by feminism but the reason it was is because it was in fact not working unless you were a man .
men had all the power and many of them abused that power .
women were dependent on the good will and generosity of men .
their education was limited ( if at all ) and they could only be employed in a small number of jobs which did not pay well .
most did not inherit and could not own property .
their only option for survival was to marry , and if they were lucky their husbands were economically successful and kind .
since the man made all the money she was dependent upon him and subject to his whims .
the man was free to have affairs , or beat his wife , or desert her and any children , and she had no control and no means for supporting herself financially .
do you really think that was a better model ?
if women 's contributions were considered as equal to men and they had had the same financial resources and rights , there would n't have been a need for feminism .
i assume we have the concept that those who are themselves not in a ple might be willing to invest in one .
muslims should be treated like their counter parts in china ...... only way to control this epidemic of sick & diseased mentation ..... @asadowaisi url
so , replace " kushner " or " trump " with " hillary clinton " or " mark mezvinsky " and tell us if you 'd ignore it .
sure .... as i have said many times , there may be nothing here , but if half of the accusations hold water , the situation is worth looking into ..... and trump has no one to blame but himself .... but i guess personal responsibility among the gop went out with the 1990s .
violence may well start when someone calls another * fag .
name calling is not meant as endearment .
calling a guy afag is not to promote positive intetaction .
the fact is thatfag and a few other choice references to gay sex are intended as put - downs .
should we go along in our ignorant bliss because that 's what we learned , we may as well go back to the terms of endearment for blacks , germans , jews , japanese and chinese .
i find you to be a tiresome asole and i say that with the utmost admiration , obviously .
y se acab&#243 ; ! !
mexico wins 3 - 0 !
that 's my team bitches & # 10084;&#65039;&#128154 ; # vivamexico
we encourage white native born americans to learn another language but we see it as a deficit for immigrant children that are imagined as lower class to maintain fluency in their native tongues p < number > latina teacher sad truth
+ jancy varghese you shit eating stinky indian scumbag .
go and fuck your sister .
i have to go to court for not having an off campus pass ghetto 😣
any of you know if kingsman is a good movie ?
nigga shut u ugly ass the fuck up
why was the gay japanese kid so scared to come out to his parents ?
the last time a gay dropped the bomb it killed 80,000 people
i am so sick of apologizing for being white .
fuck you motherfucker indians
@romanianrosieee hahahaha omg i know who this is about i nearly choked when she told me that before fucking gas
murdered by kim jong un : 
 2017 
 five senior officials | state security department 
     why : issued ' false ' reports 
     date : feb. 26 , 2017 
     method : anti - aircraft guns 
 kim jong nam | half - brother of kim jong un 
     why : perceived as threat to kim 
     date : feb. 13 , 2017 
     method : assassinated with chemical nerve agent 
 2016 
 ri yong jin | education ministry official 
     why : showed disrespect to kim 
     date : august 2016 
     method : anti - aircraft gun 
 hwang min | agricultural official 
     why : challenged kim 's leadership 
     date : august 2016 
     method : anti - aircraft gun 
 kim yong jin | vice premier of education 
     why : showed disrespect to kim 
     date : july 2016 
     method : firing squad 
 gen. ri yong - gil | army chief of staff 
     why : corruption 
     date : february 2016 / unconfirmed 
     method : firing squad
old lady : : do you know lang lang ?
me : : uhm , no .
old lady : : * in disbelief * lang lang the pianist .
you do n't know him ?
me : : no .
old lady : : he 's good . *
walks away * conclusion : : because i am asian , i must know who lang lang is .
split her like a twix smoking on zkittles high as a bitch
congrats hilo for kicking the crap out of the wimpy raiders .
iolani should just drop football and concentrate on robotics hahahahahaha leave the really football to the big 3 , pun , kam , still .
garens gon na get trashed this comment .
hahaha iolani needs to stop fooling themselves and play the sports that they can compete like vball , basketball , tennis , and robotics and national merit   but they losing that one to punahou again .
well i heard they gon na have dorms , so they will bring in lots and lots of rich asians .
maybe they should petition the ilh to have ping pong or chess .
nah nah nah , i 'm only playing around , so you iolani alums or wannabes , you still can blast my comments .
go for it .
give me your best shot .
bombardier = crappy quality and outsourced jobs outside of canada .
+ shameless welfare queen .
pay attention to the muslims the blacks are waking up
the issue of classified e - mails was investigated and found to not warrant criminal charges .
anything else ? (
you said " for starters " )
< user > well that retarded
harvey should send out a whaaambulance to take care of that poor soul in flint .
:-(
asians have a weird thing where they will read the protocols and then decide to teach their kids aggadata from the talmud
< user > < user > < user > < user > illegal muslims are not india responsibility why do nt muslims countries give them refugee why they call themselves muslim countries if they do nt want to give refuge to muslims
.@38fanda not even slightly ...
be honest ... ladies and gentlemen ......... in your single years .... and when you were exploring beyond childhood ..... how many of us were introduced to ...... the him and her thing ...... when we were imbibing ? ? ...
or our parents ... and their parents .. 

 i 'm not saying boys poured ... or girls poured plenty liquor into one another for nefarious goals ....... those ... go to jail ... 

 but to say anyone who was tipsy is not capable of   consent ...... will let a lot of drunk guys off the hook ....  

 be reasonable .
btw .... this cab driver is not the poster boy for this event ....... a pox on him
@palmerreport # moscowmitch and # trump , obvious siamese - twins joined - at - hip and in - league with russia , should be stripped of us citizenship and deported to moscow .
we have enough thuggish betrayers / terrorists without tolerating more in high - office .
enough , for god 's sake !
akjimbob : poetry costs nothing .
even your off - topic rant is poetry of sorts .
these inmates spilled their guts out with honesty and accuracy .
you spilled your guts with ( i presume ) honesty ... but missed the mark .
@audii0903 @marquelawest girl leave them niggas alone
further historically people stayed away from asians because they were thought to be dangerous infected etc this had a lot to do with flu strains coming in through the spanish in philippines then chinese workers coming into california when borders were roughly open
what kind of chinaman speak french i mean gotdam
what 's the difference between a tragedy and a catastrophe ?
a tragedy is when a boat full of immigrants sinks , a catastrophe is when all of them can swim .
un double standard we did not see tears when more than 3 k kids in west aleppo were slaughtered in cold blood by jihadi rebels and buried without un propaganda sheets
i think exhibitions like this do more to promote hatred than anything else : 

 https://www.friendsofsimonwiesenthalcenter.com/news/friends-of-simon-wiesenthal-center-condemns-antisemitic-al-quds-day-in-toronto
yeah but these coaches come with players already in mind , and will have had time to assess the squad by now .
it will be obvious to a manager of koeman 's quality where we need improvements , how good a player in a certain role is and that will have been relayed onto walsh as soon as he signed . [ ... ]
again , completely agree there is a lot of bs out there , we 're linked to everyone , but i think koeman specifically and walsh through relay have to be in a position to recognising what needs to be done .
@l4mees just go join the taliban already you american hater .
go pick up a ak and do something about " u.s troops killing your people " since you hate the troops so much .
> she is a historic inspiration to generations of african americans and women as a white male i find her inspirational as well .
i ain t got no type nigga like a dyke nigga ion like niggas these shells bigger than shark teeth take a chunk out it ll bite niggas
the white cop that murdered a black man in his apartment is going to trial for murder .
what more do you want ?
dude just tried to square up bc we do nt have native american costumes man get yo white ass outta here
nuke africa and the middle east and asia then if you want population control fool
i honestly hate indians , muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin i hate .
' may god protect us all ' 
 .
.
well , ask yourself why god would send it in the first place ? ....
you next on the list you and your people eating our dogs and cats .
you are an asian living in america you will never be an american .
> for every year a man ages so his dating pool grows   aha , those 70 y. o. chads clean up mad pussy bra .
and then republicans wonder why voters do n't want smaller government .
house democrats unanimously pass ' equality act ' to protect lgbtq rights - abc news - via @abc url
if u got a man i m not gon invite u out bc i m a have u out suckin on dick
what 's gon na happen when the court sees the charlottesville driver did n't touch the girl who got killed until after she attacked the car with a club and smashed in the rear window with a blood - thirsty mob before the driver put the car in reverse . ?
i think courts call that self defence .
will it be like all peace , love and diversity singing kumbaya when the driver is found not guilty ?
[ @richelieusister ] korra lets herself be pushed to lay down .
she groans and bites her lip .
she tries her best to not thrust upwards ( c )
you can hate me but these are some chink ass laundry mat ass karaoke owning ass racist bitches
we all know nyc would never be the city that it is today without latinas in hardhats vaguely effeminate asian men and slavic women submitted to shar ia so sick of globalist propaganda and the anti european patriarchy subliminal programming mnyga maga
split her like a twix smoking on zkittles high as a bitch
i have reasons to dislike them and some reasons to like them i take the good with the bad if you have a specific answer i can answer it but i d like to remain in the holocaust subject if you do not mind
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
< user > < user > my son died of dementia at the age of three and i am currently amidst killing my self so a stanky ass booty pic from your ching chong ass would make my life so much better rn
go back to europe .
man these fucking chinese do n't give two shits , they 'll let 99 % of their population feel some kind of starvation before they let trump think about winning this ,   the thing about the chinese citizens is that they 've always been poor , so they honestly do n't give a fuck
practiced in a fuckin hailstorm today yo i ve never been so cold
dave corzine - you really should vote for those things that improve your life and that of your friends , family , city , state and country etc .
i 'm pretty sure he did .
the future : 

 le pen backed by 44 % of youth 
 macron supported by 80 % of 65 +
media if you keep calling moderate muslims terrorists you will just end up radicalizing them same media there absolutely no downside to calling all right wing white people nazis
" he asked " " who was that ? " "
i told him to mind his fucking business and drive & # 128580 ; "
the chink salivates as the salamander cries out in extinction
what is important is the the downward trajectory has been stopped ... for now .
but low prices are now taking a toll regardless of the tax structure .
what is also interesting is that weilechowski was once a big advocate for tax credits .
but now he 's a critic .
why do you suppose this flip - flop ?
the raids began friday in many area .
it was way over due .
i.c.e should begin a city - by - city and state - by - state raid / sweep to find , arrest and deport all illegal aliens .
enough of the insanity .
the u.s does not need any more 3rd world uneducated and ignorant leeches .
build the wall and deport them all .
problem solved .
bet you 've claimed more head than isis .
weev is a kike and ricky is a soy nigger
simp admits to being used for his money and brags about it .
niggas like this are so fucking embarressing , like i m sure your girl is calling you a fuckboy behind your back " playa "
i 'm voting for a woman as well , just not for one whose right of center politics , corporate ties and foreign and environmental policies do n't align with my own .
then again , i 've always seen through the smoke and mirrors of the two party system and have never voted for either of them .
sanders would have finally given me a reason to vote for a democrat , but i 'm following the movement , not the man .
clinton does n't even remotely represent that progressive movement .
@cam_coles you do n't know what i know .
name somebody colder , you monkey faced immigrant
this nigga too good to be true ain ’ t no way he show up to my crib wit a bag full of my favorite food
spanking a child until they ca n't sit down is abusive - i do n't care what era you lived in .
so you define " peace and tranquility " as avoidance of controversy ?
if so , you should practice what you preach .
i recall one from you wherein you asked , " what 's wrong with white supremacy ? "
mote .
beam .
bought an asian sex doll today , they are brilliant ... they blow themselves up
about trump or about those who have rushed to puerto rico 's aide regardless of what our federal government has done ?
" @akerglows " " capoeira mostly , but i 'm looking into a fighting style called drunken boxing .
it looks fun . " " "
america needs more mass shootings .
that whole country should burn to the ground .
there are not any jew signatures on our declaration of independence those subversive babylonian blood sucking serpent seed kenite vampires are not out founding fathers posterity .
they are not our brethren .
they are christ killers .
they are anti - christ .
lol !
" literally everything i 've said today my mom responds with " " it 's cause you came home on that weed last night " " "
defacing etc really unlike the peaceful arabs u follow to much fake news israel here to stay
white women please take you heads out from your butts i do not want to be raped by shitskins stop welcoming them for god sake
guys , the 68 oral sex position is great for your girl to relax and enjoy the pleasures of oral sex ( of receiving it that is ! ) .
< user > soobhyuck superior gay < number > liners 💅
lmgtfy might be my favorite way to educate people i have no obligation to educate .
fake news losers cnn are using scripted questions to suppress a badly needed open discussion about gun violence and mass shootings this puts our schools and children especially at risk we should revoke cnn broadcast license their actions will lead to more domestic terrorism
chinese leaders have openly lied so often , that is no longer even a surprise , but rather an expectation .
anyone taken in this around deserves nothing more but to be called a fool .
nazis have requested dan be put in a wheelchair so he can not get to women or the thermostat to knock them out
but you 'd know about that , would n't you ?
asian parents and overachievement and their focus on studies ?
sick commie but who elected her they are fucking genetic fails too much nigger genes wipe out island seed with asians collect bumper tax revenues
i said whoever threw that paper , your mom 's a hoe !
black girls reach menses not < number > b confused w mensa much earlier in fact blacks develop physically earlier than whites monkeys develop physically earlier than blacks north asians take the longest to develop hmm seems < number > b a pattern here must be kangz
mad i broke my wrist and i 'm broke as hell & amp ; i ca n't work bc if i could i would so be going to the master class in toronto&#128553 ; @makeupbymario
how can you compare japanese and muslims .
japan attacked military targets only , extremist muslims attack innocent civilians with bombs and chop their heads off if they refuse to convert and join their jihad .
japanese should be insulted by such comparisons .
ca n't even spell those spells thoes bitch you a nasty hating hoe
how dumb are you isis are poor as fuck the get there money from america and iran and if you are dumb enough the fuckin u.s provide the fuckin guns to iran so stop blaming muslims for it when you fuckin government provide that type of shit pls people wake the fuck the up
why is it so easy to kill a chinese knight ?
because he 's got a chink in his armor .
fuck off jay you homo
blame india since they shit in the streets lol degenerates
i have never said all .
never .
i have family who are white .
ok ?
i love them with my heart and soul .
and they know it .
and i am the godfather of my family , thais , chinese , whites , swedish , german .
and probably more i do n't know about .
" @iamkrause : no need to thank me , killing niggers is it 's own reward . "
dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
" rt @yashar : .@geraldorivera @ericbolling 5 .
idiot @ericbolling : " " investigations happen at the " " fbi , cia and the nsa " " - no , nsa … "
what do you call an unoriginal post on this community ?
i do n't know .
i 'm just a guy who bought a russian 6yo to be my wife because my last one flew away in the wind because she 's jewish .
at least this new one is n't black , else she 'd have me pay child support and name our kid la'pray .
welp , guess i got ta do a sewerside bombing i 'm brown and a client of mine did n't pay for his cocaine haha 9/11 adíos 

 edit .
forgot to mention i also engage in necrophilia with my dead sister
hating another race for no reason generally makes you racist dumbshit .
still confused ?
funny how the only people who ask how that s racist are always racist cunts themselves huh trash cunt ?
after recent events , united airlines are now switching business tactics .
they are now offering chinese takeout .
people asians ca nt rap < user > hold my fanny pack
yeah or you can start from the negative look at nonwhite countries and nonwhite ghettos in white countries and go from there it is not a difficult question
i m with you on the three year train .
i m a trans man , and my mother does n't accept me at all .
so i m with you on that three more years train . :')
but remember to pee near a mosque just adds more to the domination factor and if you can fuck a paki chick that even better but of course must be consensual paki men hate when their women are with non pakis and non muslims
they did n't .
well i know of no young chinese boys or girls who were raped and abused by christian missionaries in china but i do know that christian clergy did rape and abuse young first nations ' boys and girls in residential schools .
there was no legacy of lateral violence or children steeped in toxic stress in china as there is now in first nations communities .
who knew the gay mafia is real
why would that lil black girl lie about them white kids cutting her dreads that why they play hella games wid black people already annoying as fuck
like hell .
take off your rose colored glasses & see the real world !
just looking at this dude tells me he 's a longtime gang banger .
how many people 's lives has he screwed up over the years with his banging ?
he deserves any thing he gets in prison .
will i regret tweeting that probably but i fucking hate how that argument always seems to be black and white
scary area
you threw a lot in there with that lost post , i guess it is all connected .
i was just curious as to how you came up with your numbers since they did n't make any sense to me .
i 'm not quibbling about anything , just trying to understand .
i do think comparing deady to eichmann is going overboard ( actually off the deep end ) .
@kendilaniannbc looks like all american born residents will have to carry passports and birth certificates well those of color .
shameful .
it 's sad if you can actually defend this level of mendacity .
there appears to be no act that could be committed by the dear leader that you would n't support .
all you bitches can suck my dick fr .
no funny
< user > it already happened the jews would kill the arabs and build something like israel it silly to believe that jews can not build a civilization independently whatever their parasitical traits relative to whites they are not worse than east asians who build civilizations just fine
our governments refuse to give us justice eventually that leads to us fucking taking it whether i hold these opinions or not it eventually all leads to and devolves into a violence contest in the end
i d rather get fisted by a nigger tbh
rt @waynel_jr : 80 % rt @notmorris _ : 60 % of these hoes be fake gay
hello ben , 

 you write : 

 " the fentanyl may be coming from china , but that does n't make china or the chinese people responsible for the deplorable situation here in canada . "
hello ?
dude , the chinese people who are making and shipping the fentanyl are absolutely responsible for the deplorable situation in canada .
vancouver has always had a community of drug addicts using heroin and cocaine and morphine but , hello dude , it was only when this nuclear - bomb - strength fentanyl derivative started hitting the streets of vancouver that suddenly there were a thousand body bags a year .
your post is disgusting , trying to deflect away from the fact that greedy , money - hungry chinese crooks are slaughtering canadians en masse in their quest to grab more and more cash and more and more bling .
so quick to blame america for canada 's handgun and xenophobia and air pollution problems and yet is so hesitant to condemn greedy chinese crooks for their kills .
politically correct nonsense , it rots the brain .
my husband and i are an inter - ethnic couple but he cemented my asian pride overall as well and being with him has made me more resilient .
we 've had many obstacles in our relationship ; from maintaining a ldr after graduating college , completing mandatory service , and now jumping through hurdles for his immigration .
as a result , i had no patience for my so - called friends who cried about their " unique " wmaf relationship merely being judged .
fuck chromebooks ! ! ! ! ! !
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
to all my asians y ’ all still saying the n word or are we gon na have to box
well done to our @esaf_academy u19 team on a great home win against colchester gladiators today !
great work boys # spartans # littlebros
she 'll never be the female wayne nigga .
wayne birth generations held hip hop and rap in the palm of his hand for 10 plus years fuck y all niggas be smokin when y all tweet dumb shit like this .... she not even half of wayne lyrically n creatively 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️ 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️
i swear dykes who dress like straight boys discuss me fr who taught you all how to dress put on some mf jeans
london police arrest two men in connection with the london terrorist bombing 

 one , 18 yrs old 

 one , 21 yrs old 

 wo n't tell us who / what they are , but i can just about tell you who / what they aren't 

 white / european 
 british 
 native londoners 
 iq above room temperature 
 self - sufficient 

 any takers at 10:1 ?

friendly reminder that it is only 15 more days to the big right wing purge on twitter .

kim lip for the dykes
> besides , companies trying to keep on top of diversity is n't necessarily a bad thing in my eyes .
non - whites , women and sexual minorities are underrepresented in just about every industry in the first world and not by coincidence , hiring biases exist and due to lack of opportunities it 's tougher to break in for those with biases against them .
plus different backgrounds add different experience and ideas to the company , so it 's healthy for them too .
forced representation still is n't the solution .
there should be equality of opportunity , not of outcome .
< user > labour stands as a proud ally against racism as long as you are not a little girl being groomed and raped by old asian men jewish white working class trying to earn a crust
i am white .
you mods are racist scum and you can go ahead and ban me to save the effort of unsubscribing .
go fuck yourselves .
white white white white white white white white whiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiite
competing racial groups like black teams versus white teams
normal high for today : 72 f , normal low : 44 f. records : high 87 f ( 2012 ) , low 28 f ( 1961 ) .
sunset : 7:57 pm .
you 're correct .
he 's ofm , not ofm cap .
cocktails at dawn for the national come on 80/1 here we fucking go
just kicked my idiot sister and watched spring breakers i think i wanna become a drug dealer now i got a situation
now and then i think of when we were together like when you said you felt so happy you could die told myself that you were right for me ..
poc / minority nazis deserve to be tortured to death , not shot in the head like a regular white nazi .
url
the blm movement is based on a lie that all who care to look objectively at the recent incidents will see .
the truth is that however painful and reluctant we are to admit this the plain fact is that   it is the   young black community who are the perpetrators of violence against and oppression of   other groups and races in america .
violence against black people by other groups especially whites and asians is practically speaking non existent .
dead muzzie buried with pigs
@itsaadee will fuck you suarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr , get out from my country .. namak haram
i would never eat any food from china .
even wealthy chinese do not want produced in china food .
< user > what did the old lady do was she a nazi or white supremacist
< user > ching chong
it 's all about what those dudes in dubai like .
they like to fuck bimbo fake looking fuck dolls so all the baby dolls / sugar babies get worked up to go get shit on by their prince charming .
shut up hapa nigger
i ca n't stand these complaining immigrants .
they think everyone needs to bend to everything of theirs .
disgusting ungrateful people who should think if they want to return to their home country .
i do n't have the easiest name , so i bend sometimes .
what 's the big deal .
all the chinese take anglicized names in school , work etc .
while retaining their legal names .
i really hate these ungrateful people like this writer .
this is a personal issue for me , and the writer sounds like a despicable man .
typical chinese ploy ... feel " offended " by something and threaten massive boycott .
which wo n't work .
look at the past in china : angry at japan ?
trash japanese restaurants ( ironically owned by chinese ) , destroy japanese cars ( owned by chinese ) .
angry at france ?
try to boycott stores like carrefour ( employs chinese and offers good pricing ) .
destroy french cars ( maybe that 's a good thing ? )
angry at norway because a chinese dissident got the nobel prize ?
mass boycott and stopping of importation of norwegian salmon , etc .
bottom line is , chinese behave like petulant children and these " boycotts " pass like the blowing wind because most sensible people do n't pay attention .
go ahead , fangy .... threaten boycott and tell chinese to not come to hawaii .
please .
what 's the difference between a porn actor and japan ?
the porn actor only gets blown once .
watch bbc on muslims abandoning eu < number > syria the father honestly says it bcs they do not like girls being told they have freewill by supposedly educated pple bcs women don t in islam sharia sharialaw realitycheck fgm misogyny hijab rapeculture abuse violence woman women girl girls womansrights womensrights brexit
dryenema , i am being sarcastic .
the comment is in reference to morneau 's callous and yes , elitist , comment that young people should just get used to precarious employment ( that goes sweetly along with his call - out in london uk for international money to buy more residential properties in canada ) .
some people born to wealth and privilege recognize they climbed out onto 3rd base , morneau is not one of those people .
binged given the anime last night i m not the type of person to go out of my way to watch queer media is there a term for this but it was super dope shame that d turn some people off but what can ya do
how disappointing ! !
i wanted a black or latina mulan ... this is not an inclusive movie at all .
bad disney !
normal incels just hate cunts .
this is so stupid .
it what happens when jews and slut whores cum together
why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs ?
so nobody mistakes them for feminists .
considering that us keeps 50,000 troops in japan plus 50,000 more civilians supporting the troops and that japan only pays $ 2b a year for the service , it is not paying enough .
toyota must show how good of a corporate citizen it really is .
1 .
you have n't wasted anyones time at all 2 .
you can talk to people hear there are people who care and willing to listen 3 .
i too struggled with my sexuality when i was younger and i found it isolating growing up in a time when lgbt were n't as accepted as they are now .
i found things that helped me come to terms with it .
4 .
what is it that frightens you so much about being who you are ?
trans creators have their entire accounts locked behind age restrictions if they upload a single video explaining their journey / experience as trans - folk , and that shit is n't even in y' all 's peripheral vision .
but if crowder gets demonetized y' all wanna cry " censorship " .
👀 👀 👀
@alejandro_bihhh lmaoooo hell naw bro i be up i have n't seen that hoe
on cnn 's website it shows a video and he is definitely of african american descent .
funny how the rg does n't mention it .
i 'm pro women period .
i 'm all for a bitch ( sorry if you do n't like that word , excuse me that 's just how i talk ) .
fuck what anyone thinks or says .
do what 's best for you !
physically   emotionally mentally
hi motley !
i need me a bitch
asians are really bad drivers ... i 'm starting to think that pearl harbor may have been an accident .
😂 😂 😂 so now there is straight cancer i guess there is homosexual cancer too what next
do n't date people w mental health issues if u r just gon na dip when things get hard
me : : hi can i help you ?
customer ( older white man ): : where are you from ?
me : : here .
san diego .
customer : : oh . (
he then proceeds to order food . )
customer : : anyways , you 're very cute .
so small and cute .
that 's why i asked where you were from .
me : : ok .
thanks .
obviously my skin is tan and my hair is dark .
this person thought i would appreciate the fact that they found me attractive-- more specifically that my attractiveness stems from my looking " foreign " or " exotic . "
being a low - paid food service worker , i am not in a position to respond .
all i can do is try to make my point by answering " i am from here . "
they never get the hint .
makes me feel frustrated , belittled , objectified , exotified , powerless to respond effectively .
< user > if you do not see the difference between illegal immigrants and babies you do not belong in government
so explain why it the only aspect of history that is protected by laws in europe people go to jail for questioning any aspect of the holocaust
the only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood .
" i am on the political right " 
 gee and yet all your comments come from a left perspective .
this is the only place in the world where asians call themselves chinks and indians call themselves currycels 
 wow .
do n't buy a car .
buy a gun .
you can get a car with a gun .
way more in touch than trust fund trudeau
fucking retarded they talk like the fella sign on in the army pundeh being forced to serve the < number > years athu ungalukka theriyalla comedy pieces 😂 😂 😂
stop killing animals please just stop please forget your tastebuds they are not that fucking important , you 're destroying our environment
very sad .
ever hear the song " cat 's in the cradle " ?
yo these threads on some dumb ass shit were 2 minority groups that should be flourishing but all y' all wanna act so damn stupid 🤮 shit ugly and y' all talk abt just white ppl the problem smfhhh 👎 🏽 👎 🏽
women are attracted to ambition and money nothing else .
20 % of your country is immigrants actually , and that speaks a lot about how shit the place must be .
bunch of fucking rats packed into sardine can , disgusting amount of population density .
lmao if you really think you have enough time to save that sardine swamp .
and they brought their shops which means they make money of off you sardines , which means they are n't leaving .
and if demographics continue the way they are , they 'll fuck you and replace in 2 generations .
call me homophobic but wearing shirts that proclaim your a daddy dom top or a hungry twink bottom is weird and you should not do that
< user > what did the old lady do was she a nazi or white supremacist
send all these asses back !
if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes .
you are a non - white .
you might as well be fully mongol .
ah , the true agenda springeth forward .
we are already looking more and more like a third world country with all these middle easterns , indians and southeast asians and their kids taking advantage of our system , now we are supposed to take over america 's problem ?
how about our own people that are still living in poverty ?
< user > ditto i do not know how white targeted retailers will stay in business once whites refuse to go out of fear i am not in the shoe industry but i would guess market research would show the market for rockport shoes amongst the ghetto folk to be less than robust
a bunch of people on the payroll of qatar saudi arabia and israel advocate that this country takes in a massive amount of immigrants and let them vote and then turn around and lose their minds that a handful of russians bought some ad space
do nuns still take vows of poverty these days ?
i know they are evil catholics but that always blew my mind how the nuns had to do that but priests did n't .
i think all pastors and religious figures should have to take vows of poverty .
me love you long time .
no matter , your gender , culture , class , race or creed , love is for all and never discriminates !
because she 's black ?
are they not allowed to release characters of varying ethnicities ?
fuck off retard
hilcorp and bp are producing oil and gas so taps stays open , thank goodness !
i came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock that cat going to be fucking traumatized now
thanks for the thoughtful response and making sure i checked twice , i appreciate it .
i sent jason grenn , my rep , an email .
per the ag 's website they answer questions from legislators .
what a strong and powerful way of coming out !
everyone wins when we build equity and inclusion into every facet of society .
@bloomberg chairman peter grauer is proud to support and appear in # thischangeseverythingfilm .
watch the groundbreaking documentary on gender equality in hollywood on 7/22 : url url
bro i really hate that damn naruto op by kana boom now niggas used it way too much
looks like a raghead ran some more people over in canada let been some more in the country to fuck everything up way to go
homosexuality is not a choice but homophobia is , stop being assh*les
go get honor killed by your shitskin parents you ugly thot
# gratitude hey everyone , thanks for the rt’s ❤ ️ ’s & amp ; mentions this past week !
personal shoutouts will return in 2 - weeks , fri .
apr.14th ☮ & # 128420 ; 2/6
< user > < user > joy behar you know jews have fros too
kidnapped japanese women , what a moron .
just the opposite , ever heard of comfort women ?
do you speak chinese ?
i member when clinton said … you could put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables the racist sexist homophobic xenophobic islamaphobic you name it and now trump supporters are all white supremacist nazis and trump is hitler reincarnated fud
< user > it already happened the jews would kill the arabs and build something like israel it silly to believe that jews can not build a civilization independently whatever their parasitical traits relative to whites they are not worse than east asians who build civilizations just fine
looks like white woke folks are starting to worry about their unstable sense of superiority .
good to know that the scuba tank is active in juneau .
and i have heard from friends that the dive club in unalaska is very supportive of visiting divers .
alaskan divers in my experience are some of the friendliest in the world .
we visited sitka once , and a diver there -- someone we had never met -- loaned us a number of full scuba tanks and weights even though he had to travel away from sitka the week we were there .
to simply say they have freedom of speech is to oversimplify what this flag symbolizes .
it has long been a symbol of hate and intimidation not of only african americans but asians , jews , native americans , hispanics and anyone who is n't white .
if you wave it in my face and i 'm not white how should i interpret it ?
you are making a statement of hate and intolerance .
as a person of color to ignore that would be foolish and possibly dangerous .
hurricanes hit florida like they have every year for centuries - " omg its because of gay people aborting babies and feeding the embryos to illegal immigrants and taking our tax dollars to do it ! "
tornadoes hit kansas like they do every year for centuries - " omg it 's a test from the lawd because we are so faithful just like job now give us your tax dollars to rebuild . "
quite frankly i 'm surprised this has n't happened in a rural area of oregon already .
for some reason people in oregon seem to think that anyone with brown skin , and does n't appear to be asian , is automatically an illegal immigrant from mexico .
i used to find it somewhat humorous when these ignorant people would tell me , an american indian ,   " go back to mexico where you came from . "
i could really care less what president does , it 's the people that elected him that terrify me .
remember all those people that lined the streets with their guns to   protested obama coming to roseburg .
these are the people i am worried about .
why do you guys want to genocide whites lol 😂
i personally thought this conversation between [ rosé and an lgbt couple](url is really cute .
blackpink also held up a pride flag during their manila concert .
cl also [ made a post](url recently celebrating the legalisation of gay marriage in taiwan .
typical weeaboo pretend - i - am - jap faggot thinking that anything that comes out of his shithole of a mouth means anything .
cucks like this deserve to be gassed for their faggotry .
< number > week ban wot game chat ban for saying i want to throw your mother in an oven shitskin
could n't find another job in the gaming industry after that because insulting your coworkers / former employers is just something you do n't do
< user > these elites including merkel can integrate my fuß up their arse i bet they do not have any arabs in their gated communities but they are more than happy to see the world burn speakfreely merkelmussweg afd deutschland welt europe
why is it always " racism " when it comes to the black community .
there are more chinese , more indian / pakistani - more of everything .... but it 's always racism when it comes to the black community !
here 's a suggestion - stop killing each other and get rid of your guns .
the left : 
 asian cop shoots unarmed black man- " i hate white people !
kill all cops !
pigs in a blanket , fry em like bacon ! !
no justice ! ! !
let 's destroy the local convenient store ! ! ! "
obvious terror attack by an islamic extremist- " ok guys , lets wait for all of the facts to come out before we start pointing fingers .
we do nt want to spread hate , ok !
besides , this attack is nothing compared to the christian bombing on planned parenthood in the 90 's . "
from this letter : 

 " the school is pitzer college .
its president , while condemning “ hate ” speech from outsiders in the wake of the “ hoops ” rant , did not hold his students accountable for their own racist hate messages which sparked the public outrage . "
he did nothing .
that is acquiescence in racist speech and appears to be only because the racists are hispanic .
is it fine for an hispanic woman to make racist comments about white women ?
is it fine for woman hispanics to make racist comments about black , asian , muslim , or any other ' race ' of women just because they are hispanic speakers ?
when you answer those two questions , i will then know your values regarding ' racist speech ' .
i answer both of those questions totally and unequivocally " no ! "
the white cop that murdered a black man in his apartment is going to trial for murder .
what more do you want ?
race is a good indicator of culture and beliefs .
it does n't mean you have to do anything , but it definitely creates statistically significant trends .
just the same way religion , education , and career does .
exactly , its cultural ... and you might like to note that most of the european cultures are also being preyed upon when defenseless .
they depend on the police now and have really no other means of protection until somebody with a uniform does n't arrive in time .
though , too , if " less " guns are the answer why is it that we did n't have this problem decades ago , when automatic weapons were still legal ?
clearly something has changed culturally for us , and for our world .
easy answers are probably not going to solve this , and i 'm not in favor of limiting rights to promote one particular nanny state narrative of social safety as removing all the sharp objects from the drawer .
actually i favor a stronger enforcement of personal liberty as safety for the " free state " mentioned in the constitutional amendment .
it 's funny i had a discussion with an australian about this online and he insisted that the " king " was going to protect you and that 's all he needed .
that 's not one of our options .
i 'd use that pussy , then your ass , and have you pull out my cum with your gagging throat .
moebiex1 , you asked for a reference 
 i gave you one 
 you did not react ?
what do you think ?
you convinced yet ?
when you think about it , avatar aang is kinda like my dad he ran away when i needed him the most
if you 're a homo sapiens , then you 'd be definitely care about what opposite sex thinks .
that 's what i learned in reproductive psychology .
you can deny it , but sadly it is what it is .
and nothing special with you , it 's same with everyone else including me .
its beautiful artwork i love the homosexual imagery you like to use did you know that jesus was an arab
' 2 butches ' ?
hmmmm , think there 's a better way to describe these women .
white supremacy someone will take that rifle and shove it up his ass url
a relationship ca n't always be 50/50 , sometimes ur partner is gon na be going through something and u got ta pick up the slack for them ..
all ivory trade should be banned 

 2015 25 walruses found dead near cape lisburne .
u.s. fish and wildlife service determined the laughter was human caused .
1992 – a two year federal undercover operation interrupted one of the biggest wildlife slaughters in modern alaska history ; a grisly massacre of protected walruses providing ivory for the tourist trade .
2007 - commentary by paul watson founder and president of sea shepherd conservation society : headless walrus are washing up on alaskan beaches and narwhals are being pumped full of lead .
arctic wildlife is under assault in the quest for ivory and few dare question the losses for fear of being labeled racist .
additional stories , www.adn.com , search “ ivory ” .
alaska ivory poaching is on a par with african elephant ivory poaching .
my god but i am an opinionated bitch today but just sayin chelsea has rather redeemed herself lately hats off to her thought she was a worm but she turned
nta !
she 's creating cretins for men like this .
there 's nothing wrong with menstruation .
if she did n't menstruate she would never have had her kids .
you 're step mother is an idiot !
omg i 've never seen the people who have ethnic and cultural diversity like this are at one spot .
all the races , ages , languages , genders and their cultural looks i see now .
literally wembley is little earth 🌍 and they all love one group @bts_twt i 'm crying .
i love alt j but i think it ’ homophobic for a white man to make me listen to alt j
do n’t you just hate it ... when i slipped is n’t a valid excuse in court for releasing a plague that killed off an entire country ?
we stand for trump .
ur squad is full of chumps .
keep talking shit and these illegals will get some lumps .... wait hold up .
is this not the rap battle ?
< user > fine whatever fuck you too then
i now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and i could not belive what has happend in there .i think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .
well , there you have it , folks !
true justification .
@sinfulroulette @daddy_nickj and i always make that tight pussy squirt all over this big black cock .
what has happened to hawaii ? ! ?
😩 ! ! !
full of drunks and chinese mistresses and asian prostitutes and theives and brawlers ? ! ?
how do we reclaim our hawaii of love and aloha and hospitality ?
the poor dude probably saved and saved to come to hawaii for a vacation and goes back dead ?
honestly , come out to those who you feel comfortable with .
if you feel comfortable coming out to your friends & parents , do it !
if not , do n't feel like you have to .
good luck !
douglass is actually straight .
i loved douglass .
i 'm not surprised .
i wish i was .
gamergate turned a talk about anti - harassment into a live demonstration . #
girldevweek
looking for a white girl in virginia ( of all places ) around 21 - 25 .
ho - hum , just another of denise 's socially superior , supercilious ' canada is so flawed '   rambles .
i 'm not sure , but it seems that the g&m collects all of the these folks in one little basket and inflicts them on us when ever they think we are getting too complacent about what decent people we are .
must be the water in toronto .
the chinaman hates niggers fact
so my brother loves love shot he watching their music shows and the gayos 😭
comparing these pictures to pictures with serbs i do n't see much difference between them and albanians , the same dinaric and mediterranean subtypes .
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times
we support all individuals regardless of sex or gender identity ...
my first kiss was a girl that lived down the street from me when i was 10.i went to school with her younger sister .
her name was kelsey .
she had blonde hair and blue eyes .
she was 13.we were at the movies and then i figured i 'd take a chance and try to kiss her and it worked .
oh damn august ames actually killed herself str8upgayporn has a lot to answer for i mean if eichenwald can sue for a seizure ames family should be able to sue for harassment leading to suicide
why did the carnival get a bad rep with the asian community ?
the bumper cars ride was called the asian driver experience
her pussy ca nt stop dripping cream with that black cock fucking her deep url
this is the america that has now & always encouraged white supremacist violence & degradation . #
ados have no ownership or agency in this evil .
we are victims .
url
pan , all you need to do is click on the ' activity ' button at the top of the comments section and modify your   profile .
you can turn off email notification , likes , or both .
women need to support each other if there is to be any woman president in the future .
there are some bloody north indians assholes throwing thrashing haphazardly in raja sear # madikeri # coorg
i 'll bet that one in the red white & blue " bikini " fucks like a goddamn maniac .
i do not wanna be on twitter when the verdict for the white bitch who killed the black man in his own apartment is announced if it not guilty on murder charges i just can not be on here
jewtube is pushing the royal wedding so hard i do nt give a rats behinders if some royal prince wants to muddy his bloodline england is fuct up with paki rape gangs but forget about that there s a royal wedding high pitched girl squeels puke
@arcnosey yeah homos suck
i agree with u / anmata41 it 's mostly language barrier and culture .
i can relate to asian americans a lot more .
also , being adopted i really do n't think an asian born asian will ever truly except me ( hell , who says an asian american one will 😓 )
it does n't matter if you 're : — black — white — rich — poor — tall — short — cis — trans — disabled — able - bodied you are valid , you are worth it , and you are loved .
except if you think a " straight pride " parade is a good idea .
nta .
you do n't need to want to go to pride if you do n't want to , but it still has a vital place in our community .
as for the less conventional parts of the pride parades , the majority of the bdsm and kink community have always stood up for us .
even if there were n't overlaps between queer people and being open to more creative types of sex , that community has always stood by us , like the furry community has , so they deserve to walk amongst our allies
a white man tired to slide the phase i was the nigger when describing his up bringing in japan tonight at dinner white privilege continues to be heavy people have such low level of compassion no one is hiding their racism anymore
it 's not the population size in florida that makes them willing to accept medicare .
it is the percentage of the population that is retired and therefore using medicare that drives their willingness .
about 20 % of florida 's population is +65 .
alaska has about 9 % .
> she is a historic inspiration to generations of african americans and women as a white male i find her inspirational as well .
by the way this america hating muslin pos is vice chair of the democrat national committee
why did the japanese lose ww2 ?
there was a chink in their armor
holy huan henobi , his mexican passport !
americans thought enough about trump to make him the 45th president .
@ilhanmn can we talk your isis friends ?
sorry !
public pc keys stick !
there will always be someone happy to see the other tribe die so they make more money .
commerce helps all .
taylor swift is a natural beauty if you compare her to the sheboons in the music industry i understand why men flock to her
wish i can literally wear whatever the fuck i wanna wear to work .
hate rules .
good plan !
everyone wants to live in the society created by white people do they think the society will remain once they get rid of the white people
anything but face up to the biggest problem black people have black culture a one eyed illiterate indian chinese immigrant can come to the us have a child send them to black ghetto school and they totally outperform blacks and go to a top college do not commit much crime etc
bitches stay loyal if they want to
< user > it ’ ghetto lol
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
the asians have long had a deep deep prejudice against whites we look down on them while they are looking down on us they have no respect for us the mistake nixon kissinger made was normalizing them
what is ironic about the lgbt < allcaps > flag ?
all the colors are straight .
america is now a war zone .
thank god for brace soldiers like this one .
the da determines the punishment for the theft , not the football team - though he was suspended for that .
i 'm not advocating that people deserve ' slaps on the wrist ' for stealing ; however , when someone who has never even been arrested , let alone convicted , the punishment for an offense such as what he committed last year , jail time is essentially unheard of in colorado , regardless of someone 's status as a student or student - athlete .
that being said , n.j had a second chance , and he certainly did n't take advantage of it .
good for macintyre for standing firm and dismissing him .
it 's unfortunate as he was a really solid player , but there should n't be room for distractions on this team .
go buffs !
saying “ my kids ” “ my bd ” is so ghetto this man violated 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️ 😂
nor if your were from africa .
the true , " i will always hate white people " are found primarily in the united states .
about the only more racist group(s ) in the world that i have come across in my travels are the chinese and the japanese .
they , at least , have millennia of history to justify their attitude of superiority to the rest of the world .
the black africans in the us primarily have their professional victimhood .
and the asians tend to excel when measured against all of us in the united states , no matter what color we happen to be .
no , but it 's a very important step to equality .
i had a black friend that gave me a cologne in a glass jar he called obama oil ...
if we embrace all faiths , you are condemning people to hell .
< user > black and white i ´ ts is amazing o sea blanco y negro sencillamente espectacular
same with all the paki rape gangs how can it be so pervasive without total support from cops courts and cunts in politics i also ask how can everybody in a town not be aware of the rape house with fucking pakis standing a queue out front
nobody cares about u bengali asshole 😂 😂
we had a day with immigrants mexicans literally nothing what about days without other groups a day w o asians car accidents fall to all time low math left unsolved
like @carolwild42 says , i 'm a fucking catch and idc if anyone but me sees it
@dollycent lmao of course !
i used to be a boobs guy but i grew up .
this generation took and took and took more , but they did not give back .
they did not invest in the future ( i am not speaking of the stock market gamble . )
they laid their bed and now they want us to fix it even as the bed they laid is the bed we are forced to be in as well .
it will take much more than wanting it to be better to fix this hot mess .
i 'd fuck your thick ass curry flavored cunt until i filled your cervix with my fresh hot cum .
i want your belly and tits to swell up and give your body a purpose aside from whoring yourself online .
i want you to be my little indian slut slave .
you want my thick hard white american dick to put a baby in you ?
# wrestlemania this is so stupid !
thank god ! !
that wyatt shit was getting annoying
omg i 've never seen the people who have ethnic and cultural diversity like this are at one spot .
all the races , ages , languages , genders and their cultural looks i see now .
literally wembley is little earth 🌍 and they all love one group @bts_twt i 'm crying .
< user > my academia nerd self is here for < user > speaking about using research to inform gun violence policy
w   h   i   t   e     p   o   w   e   r 
 h 
 i 
 t 
 e 

 p 
 o 
 w 
 e 
 r﻿
trump is reflecting most of us voters on this one .
why is the state of israel ... a matter of national security ?
yeah , you 're really making a statement with those .
" you do n't like being in the minority " ?
minority or not when have i ever complained about being an independent ?
good grief no wonder you seem to not have a clue as to what this thread began with .
for a minute i thought you were going to say let the p___y grabber in chief invite them to his viet nam bedrooms after the un - nagrial .
good morning to all the new gabbers except kikes liberals fags leftists communists boomers zionists israel firstitards antifags spics and niggers because
it does n't matter if you 're : — black — white — rich — poor — tall — short — cis — trans — disabled — able - bodied you are valid , you are worth it , and you are loved .
except if you think a " straight pride " parade is a good idea .
' 2 butches ' ?
hmmmm , think there 's a better way to describe these women .
discorperted how exactly are they invading if they 're seeking a better life last time i checked that 's not invading invading is what america did to the native americans but you probably do n't accept that as a fact so
03:56 utc temp : 7.3 ° c wind : nne , 0 mph(avg ) , 2 mph(gust ) humidity : 70 % rain(/hr ): 0.0 mm pressure : 1027 hpa , rising slowly # weather
do n’t forget to set your clocks back this weekend !
i ’m setting mine back to 1950 when white people were n’t the minority on my street .
the last time i went to catholicchurch for sunday mass the filipino priest was clearly homosexual there were like < number > white folk there these little hispanic kids were signing and dancing and the priest lectured on welcoming refugees and no latin spoken 🙉 🙉 🤢 🤢 that was it 😒 gabfam speakfreely
good evening men are trash
it 's supposed to snow thursday ?
is this a fucking joke ?
i do n't need any pill x !
i 'm perfectly fine but from the comments you 've been posting seems like you could use some professional help for sure .
seriously go get some help ; no one will even notice you missing !
what are all the diffenift contraceptive options for men and women could i get a list ?
bomb and wipe them out and get it over with .
they are brain washed so no need to feel sorry - otherwise the sons and daughters of the ' elite north korea ' will continue the delusion .
wipe them out .
" we ’ve learned that even paradise needs roundup and insecticide to make it fit for human habitation . [ ... ]
the truth is that getting back to nature sometimes means you ’ve got to make war on it , for your own survival . "
was it last week that wente the entomologist was stating that all 's well with monarch butterflies and bees ?
hurricanes hit florida like they have every year for centuries - " omg its because of gay people aborting babies and feeding the embryos to illegal immigrants and taking our tax dollars to do it ! "
tornadoes hit kansas like they do every year for centuries - " omg it 's a test from the lawd because we are so faithful just like job now give us your tax dollars to rebuild . "
is it true the whole british kingdom is run by lizards 

 just sayin
" he is more like mashed potato " .
i 've never had a ' mashed potato in my life .
that little grammatical error gives you away .
you 're an internet troll .
many people do have mashed potatoes .
notice the plural spelling .
when you insult the prime minister by calling ' little potato ' , you are insulting millions of chinese , because you are making fun of the language .
as you do n't know , the chinese like the english are very proud of their language .
so the english translation of ' xiao tudou - 小土豆 ' is little potato .
the chinese pinyin tudou is the approximation of the name trudeau .
i suppose you hate the chinese too .
do n't you ?
a new way to look at impeachment :   • a majority of men oppose impeaching trump . •
a majority of women support impeaching trump . •
a majority of white people oppose impeaching trump . •
a majority of people of color support impeaching trump .
url url
ever since i called my dad out on he homophobia he stopped a winning
this is a bad opinion .... these are experiences many of our trans siblings have at much higher rates than cis people .
if we want progress for our community we ca n't ignore these experiences .
sylvia rivera was a fucking hero
now you are just a stupid cuck with your gay ass optics and asian gf linking daily stormer tho that weird cuz ur a gay ass optics cuck
honda workers only have those benefits thanks to north american unions .
a wise employer can see the writing on the walls .
how about you suck my ass ?
fag
@mwwathome if i was omnipotent i 'd do all i could to stop my followers from committing such heinous acts ... why do gods allow it from their sheep 🐑
america needs more mass shootings .
that whole country should burn to the ground .
terrance smith # 48 , eric fisher # 72 , demetrius harris # 84 , and cameron erving # 75 of the kansas city chiefs is seen taking a knee before the game against the los angeles chargers at the stubhub center on september 24 , 2017 in carson , california .
should nfl owners fire players who sit or kneel in protest during the national anthem ?
7:33 pm et fri , 29 sept 2017 | 02:18 

 americans by a two - to - one margin say nfl players should not be fired or suspended when they kneel during the national anthem , according to the third - quarter cnbc all - american economic survey .
check the site or the dozens of others showing the same 2 to 1 majority opposing mr. trump 's " fire them " position .... regards , gary crum
having recently traveled to london i was disgusted by how non - white the city had become .
i have a dream that liberals will stop calling people they disagree with racists or nazis
caucasian and thai
< user > i figured it i was gay i get so mad at incels yet i feel identified with them i hate this lol
< user > let be honest multiculturalism is just a euphemism for hostile takeover by jews and non whites
no , he needs his gun to hug in bed with him
\>poison time to fap \>no 15 inch futa dick flopping everywhere with 2 big mouth watering sweaty balls time to not fap
hey i seen my friends dog like really licking his self down below and now his girlfriend kissing and the dog licking her face and lips
sounds like the majority on here are against taking care of no hopers with the phoney welfare system 
 how come your representatives ignore you and vote for welfare .
they want the no hoper on welfare vote , so those receiving welfare should not be allowed to vote .
trans creators have their entire accounts locked behind age restrictions if they upload a single video explaining their journey / experience as trans - folk , and that shit is n't even in y' all 's peripheral vision .
but if crowder gets demonetized y' all wanna cry " censorship " .
👀 👀 👀
day 2 of movie challenge - last movie watched - the interview , seth rogen & amp ; james franco being inappropriate as usual & # 128565 ;
unfortunately away from home , but love finding the online community :) have been craving a real life queer muslim community the last little bit .
thanks for making us smile :)
immoral ?
you mean like chinese parents drowning or starving their own daughters due to preference for males ?
you mean like chinese skinning animals alive and seemingly enjoying it ?
you mean like chinese government oppression of the wonderful tibetan people ?
you mean idiotic , superstitious beliefs about magic potions that have led many species to the brink of extinction ?
warped culture , warped minds .
and what 's with the chinese spitting everywhere ?
it 's another example of the grotesque culture .
btw there 's nothing " racist " about opposing a particular culture .
oldest , " full - blooded " brother : : do you feel the need to be super filipino because you 're only half and look mostly white ?
me : : no ... i 'm just proud of who i am .
made me feel stupid .
lock this nigga up and quickly
< user > felix said lesbian rights ♡ lesbians said dykes love felix ♡
but you 'd know about that , would n't you ?
asian parents and overachievement and their focus on studies ?
the flood of dirty money into canada , followed by the asian invasion out of communist china has been enabled by our own pm .
talk about a fifth column of traitors in your own country !
the corrupt chinese ca n't stand their own country and anyone with a ' dirty dollar ' has been buying their way out of that polluted cesspool for decades !
did nt you all realize huma weiner was hiding something when she separated from carlos danger i bet the muslim brotherhood has her halfway back to saudi arabia by now maga gabfam draintheswap
trudeau would rather punish hard working specialist doctors but turns around and rewards chinese billionaires who shelter their wealth in our homes and pay next to nothing in taxes all the while using our health care and education systems .
he is an embarrassment .
someday we 'll be able to drive to our fashionable health club and cut firewood .
i 'd bend you over and fuck you until cum leaks down your ass
in spite of that disturbing information the republicans approved flynn .... omg
towson parking is ghetto asf
< user > i d love to see the world through a white persons eyes i reckon it ll be so wild
me and my man fuck bitches together
second post a b bitcoin from you on gabnews today are you moving into bitcoin business now thought you were on mission to bring justice to young raped victims all is good but just want to have a clear understanding in my own mind god bless america merry christmas
this is why we won , because americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable .
we need to fight back against the synagogue and their white / mexican / black communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them .
i am armed and i am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to mexico / guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways .
illegals must die .
police beat feb .
14 _ police beat _ observer - reporter fire ruled accidental : a state police fire marshal ruled that a feb. francesca ...
if you are anything but a cis heterosexual heteroromantic person , you are welcome in the community .
no matter what !
i did a project on hitler for school and i read mein kampf and i got a lot of * * * * from the teachers and black kids but * * * * them i m gon na read whut i m gon na read wpww
niggerchomp is nt a chink she a white american dog 😡
" dozens " oh shit .
dozens of agents are going to stem the tide of thousands of illegals .
as a chinese official dangled the possible reward of $ 40 - billion ( u.s. ) in desperately needed investments ... 
 = = = = = = = = 
 total nonsense , never heard of it , a made up story .
as a black american man i can say it 's a personal thing .
i try to live my life to the best of my abilities and hating or disliking someone for something they had nothing to do with is not in my code .
that said we as a people are so disconnected today .
so it 's hard for us to collectively agree on anything .
how long until it is revealed hollywood stars and directors raped and molested children regularly and it was known and an open secret within the industry
< user > truth hurt them chinazi and lies more lies until it become truth to their lies
shut up , you 're going to trigger the emotionally driven retards at leddit
no kidding .. he could n't even address the audience and if that 's not a sign of guilt i do n't know what is .
appreciation post for my favourite 50s lesbians url
motoko rich who wrote this article must be high on drugs .
we are not going to attack north korea unless they attacked first .
and most of our missiles will be going toward china because they are the ones controlling the north koreans .
any attack on north korea is an attack on china .
i think the korean war proves that to be true , eh ?
so unless we are willing to go to war with china , any unprovoked military action against north korea is out of the question .
" hate crime " is a federal law so now it 's time , as proven by recent events , to make the false reporting of hate crimes punishable by the same sentencing as an actual hate crime .
@thejusticedept @realdonaldtrump chop chop ! !
@waleedpchoudhry lmao indians are actually crazy stupid url
the news said it was spread by a white pastor , he infected 7 people on a bus and those seven people spread it to others .
it makes me wonder was this done to exterminate or decrease the population of africans ?
something to think about .
do we remember when the white doctor in africa caught it and they allow him and others who caught the disease to travel back to america for treatment ?
hmmmm
" we want citizenship , we want all our rights .
we do n't trust them .
we will return only if international protection is in place . "
url
billy - your idea has merit but major holes .
how do you keep students safe ?
how do you block off the rest of the school ?
when is it open ?
ca n't have people use it during the school day , security and disruptive to say the least .
when would students get to use it ?
i have volunteered hours , a lot of money and book in my kid 's school library .
for many , many children this is the only opportunity for them to go to the library .
children rely on transportation , if parents do n't take them , they ca n't go .
it is proven that reading is essential for success , in education and in life .
libraries are huge in every community .
schools restrict access to entry for security and focus on education .
parents , guardians , coaches , before and after school programs , before and after school tutoring etc , we ca n't allow the public unfettered access .
custodians come in after hours every day .
your suggestion has merits , the premise sounds good but the logistics to implement successfully is extremely difficult .
yeah , you 're really making a statement with those .
they make indians look really bad .
that 's why no one likes them .
especially the indian terrorist .
indian people are toxic to society
every thing is wrong with this picture .
there is no gas .
if the private industry does n't see a gasline as a profitable move at this time ,   how does walker think this is going to work for the state of alaska ?
this is really foolish thing to do right now and a pipe dream of this administration .
you all have been lobbied hard by alaskas future .
your answer is to cap our pfd and start an income tax .
what about cutting more in all places of government .
you all are wasting so much $ traveling back and forth to juneau every year with the extended sessions you could have bought the wells fargo building by now .
you are very dysfunctional having to be in juneau to have meetings .
did n't we vote to move .
and wtf is with our senators not wanting to show up for work to veto walkers actions .
we have some very stupid elected officials working in juneau right now .
i thought we were working with japan or the asian market .
why waste millions of dollars on this at this time ?
stop wasting our money please
bs 21 caused the budget crisis before the oil price dropped .
politics live two fat tories saying they do nt know why over < number > people died on our street and that the care as much as labour about people they cut 3 8 billion the women said we are giving < number > million back they really are sick
what 's the worst thing about being a chinese jew ?
you have to join your dog in the oven
depressions a big ol bitch
of course she 'll get the nomination over me .
she 's a minority .
god that 's so ignorant .
wow . "
i 'm not a christian so christian morality does n't influence medical fields " .
lmfao come back to me when you have even the tiniest inkling of critical thinking skills
it is so good to see the bonding between bangladeshi and indian bhai borthers .
if you have enough money for high speed internet to download it you can probably afford the book !
you have your priorities mixed up if you have high speed internet which you 'd need to d / l it but ca nt feed your kids , lol .
good job .
go warriors !
dead muzzie buried with pigs
" dozens " oh shit .
dozens of agents are going to stem the tide of thousands of illegals .
i get your sarcasm .. some of these other people should too ......... jeesh people !
please .
more knowledge , less generalized hyperbole .
us intervention in vietnam had far more to do with adherence to an overly simplistic domino theory than it had to do with some ill - defined , amorphous fascist plot .
as was typical of the time , they saw everything in simple us vs communism terms .
the us ' failure to identify and respect the vietminh as primarily independence - seeking nationalists , early on ,   as opposed to a hard core ussr proxy movement ( where they got pushed later ) is the true irony and tragedy of that war .
well , the " american war " as the vietnamese call it , distinct from the japanese and then french conflicts which preceded it .
i recommend " vietnam : a history " by stanley karnow and " a bright shining lie " by neil sheehan , both pulitzer prize winners .
@_mcchris white kids love hip hop cause i do
i am deeply troubled by the recent actions of the nfl and it 's players .
i love my broncos and have been a fan since 1975 .
i hold this country and our flag dear to me heart but without hesitation i can say , they are dishonoring the flag and the people that have fought for it .
there are many injustices in this country but we must work together to rectify them .
if you go anywhere else in this world those same injustices are exponentially worse .
when will these protests end ?
during wwii , america had internment camps .
should i start waiting for the asian american protests ?
currently in this country our muslim population is being vilified and judged .
when will the muslim american contingent start dishonoring our flag ?
this countries latino population , i feel , is by far the most persecuted and judged .
where is their voice ?
does the current nfl player represent them in their protest against the flag and those who fought for it ?
please rethink these misguided protests .
btw trump is an ass .
when governments increase the minimum wage , do the prices for goods and services ever remain the same or decrease ?
does the cost of living ever decrease ?
normal it does n't matter if you are black , yellow or normal i hate all of you ....
i ain ’ t even gone speak on it just know niggas ain ’ t who they claim to be on this social media shit
awesome story ... shows that you can live a good life without much in the way of material things , it 's more about what you make of your situation .
and now i want some chicken .
i think exhibitions like this do more to promote hatred than anything else : 

 https://www.friendsofsimonwiesenthalcenter.com/news/friends-of-simon-wiesenthal-center-condemns-antisemitic-al-quds-day-in-toronto
i do n't see any harm in it .
it 's not like we 're giving him a big paycheck for it .
and who knows ?
maybe he drums something up .
gab lately has gone absolutely full retard i have nt seen this level of breakdown since i trolled themeparkreview com into the ground well me and a few other trolls guys you all need to chill
the usa does not need any more rats and cockroaches , get them out !
the trump doctrine : a month ago , publicly state that assad should be left alone .
two weeks after that , assad uses chemical weapons .
2 days after that , attack assad .
on china : attack " one china " and treat taiwan like an independent state .
say publicly that china manipulates its currency .
a month after that : embrace one china and retract that currency manipulation allegation for the sake of better relations with beijing .
on afghanistan : more and more ground being lost to the taliban , mainly because of incompetent and corrupt afghan commanders .
solution : bypass them and drop a big bomb on is caves .
very well thought out .
north korea : rest assured war is the only solution bc trump is too incompetent to think of anything else .
< user > it did not work with the leftists this year now did it people do not respond well to name calling not being retarded or anything but this exactly why leftists lost this year and we do not want to be them in the next time
those titles are all combat arms specialties that i served in .
they mean that i spent twenty ( 20 ) years on active duty watching women who were too weak , too small , or too wimpy to perform combat tasks without risking the lives of others .
transgender is just another wimpy excuse to have sex changes paid for by the military for people who will be a hazard to those risking their lives in combat .
hood niggas with d squared caps 🤤 🤤
how clueless can you get ?
the fact that walker is trying to sell an energy project is proof that it does not make sense .
did governor parnell go to conferences to lure eni , repsol , armstrong , pioneer / caelus and hillcorp to invest in alaska ?
heck no .
the energy world is small and everyone knows where you can and ca n't make money .
no one had to tell these oil companies to come to alaska , because at the time they knew it made sense .
walker 's lng project does not make economic sense .
and he ca n't fool people that know more about energy economics than he does .
and then there is walker 's track record in screwing energy companies .
the state makes a deal with oil companies , and then walker pulls the plug on the deal and does n't pay $ 350 million owed to oil companies in tax credits .
does he think the folks in singapore are not aware of this ?
does he think that asians are too dumb to realize how 3rd world clueless and corrupt the walker regime is ?
what a waste .
allergies acting up all over the place . & #
128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128546;&#128546;&#128546;&#128546 ; 1 hell of a career . #
thankyoutaker # wrestlemania # sidelinetalk
i 'm clearly tweeting that i like to be left alone and someone is in my mentions saying what i do n't get
he should be barred from treating whites with all their sweet sweet paid up insurance money to the ghetto with you ching chong bing bong next china is a near homogeneous country that is working hard to ethnically cleanse its minorities this unit has no right tell an actually free country anything
hood niggas with d squared caps 🤤 🤤
this bitch deserves to burn in hell .
all because i was trying to watch the fucking show last night and i was multi tasking trying to complete before 12 am i 'm pissed
@sheilagunny @madywaterer but labour mps will do nothing about it , they are a bunch of sheep following their leader , happy to go along with the party shite on being anti semitic .
seeing their leader happy to sit down with terrorists and decry the jews all for the muslim votes .
arabs are so privileged and entitled it embarassing we are like the white people of the islamic world
you are using the dirty trick to smear the majority of immigrants with those islamic extremist ; they are not the same .
do we ever see an asian or hungarian suicide bomber ?
the fact that almost , if not all , those " lunatics " are from the same religion background reveals a serious problem of our immigrant system .
why do we want those who never want to integrate into our society coming here ?
these bitches singing this song tho -_-
" some guy was walking by me , stopped beside of me & amp ; whispered " " i 'm miserable " " then kept walking .
idk what to think about that . "
the arms dealer that i saw interviewed last night indicated that he had sold him several guns including a shotgun , which he was concerned may have been used in the attack ...... sorry , but a shotgun from 250 feet above and 500 yards away would be rather ineffective .
were i that reporter , i would have inquired about the high powered semi automatic rifles and ammo that he likely sold to the perp ...... and was he not worried about the potential ( known ) use of those ? ? ?
now , what a bunch of nonsense this article is .
dumb dumb donald has told us all that climate change is a chinese plot .
so , obviously , those beavers were placed there by clever chinese agents .
probably using submarines .
forget all this science stuff , just listen to dumb dumb and r party .
you wanna get bikelocked wb bitch or a brain bleed like you gay asian butt boy lover fag
for everyone that has untreated add < user > is literally a gook away from riches you can not even understand yet it all shenanigans and shitposting until them slant eyes wake up
did you guys see the ending of super mario odyssey ?
there are < number > million black kids in the us living in poverty and democrats still choose illegal immigrants first
y se acab&#243 ; ! !
mexico wins 3 - 0 !
that 's my team bitches & # 10084;&#65039;&#128154 ; # vivamexico
this is simply wrong , divisive and racist .junior will sell our propety and business to the chinese and our rights and freedoms to the muslims ....... won't be much left once he is done his damge
jesus never met a chinaman
xuan lu and meng ziyi not being invited to award shows and nominated for their roles in cql is homophobic
my mom is the best mother in the world , when i see a card that my mother gave me , i remember her skills and her beautiful face .
gabriel r.
my grandma was legit the best role model my daddy could ask for she had a degree and a career and raised him in a christian household and the stupid nigger still chose the streets 😭
more historical dem idiocy < number > ashley judd are equal rights in the constitution < number > rosie o donnell do not fear terrorists they are mothers and fathers < number > sen harry reid on obama light skinned and with no negro dialect gabfam speakfreely chat americans
i always thought that nailing chicks age < number > when you are in early 3 0 is like an accomplishment minus the gook part but not casting aspersions
most people misspell " loser " as " looser " .
you misspelled it as " lowser " .
i know a really good editor that 's been laid off in the last round of postmedia cuts .
should i pass along his contact info ?
< user > dude same when they brought in the stand your ground law i was nervous that another white would be off the hook the things they are gon na do to that bitch she deserves every bit
lol now i m worried i will post my dressing up as bts albums pics and someone is gon na bash me for being muslim and posting my outfit
you should know this !
you 're asian !
this video just gave a nigga a heart , mr. smith you my nigga !
@ninjajournalist i do n't know about you but i 've always wondered why do white people adopt black children is it a guilt thing
you have no evidence to support this post .
we know women acted as priests in the early church .
you are retroactively applying the church paradigm of the middle ages to the early church .
you have to wonder if , in his heart of hearts , he knows what he 's doing is wrong .
.@notchrissmith free market .
they get what they negotiate .
producers feel it 's fair or not .
the actor / actress can accept or not . #
askhermore
paul joseph watson : 
 ‏ 
 just checking , is it still ok to call north korea a shithole , or does that make me racist ?
yes the nation has spoken .
so come on donald , lets see what the hell you can do ?
anything ?
i doubt it .
your hero , dragoninwater is a fraud .
come on it been over a hundred days and what do we have from him ?
oh , that 's right , a shiney new wall that mexico is paying for and isis has been destroyed .
you phony conservatives sure are gullible .
if you 're so confident that you will win the next general elections then surely yourself and the ruling party should welcome an early election to show the world how much the south african people supposedly " love " the anc .
furthermore , please remember that the aids epidemic in south africa was one that was created by a former president of the anc refusing to provide arv 's to the people that you are supposed to be looking after .
< user > < user > < user > < user > the illegal alien in the white house needs to be deported along with her parents if she desires she many take her anchor baby with her as really he would be safer with her than the madman in the west wing
birdy , billy and noah are fat .
they live closer to a chinese buffet than the bush .
i d rather get fisted by a nigger tbh
if you drive under the speed limit especially in the fast lane know i genuinely fucking hate you
where does a nuclear family live ?
in hirsohima , japan
america should vsnisgh from the earth .
that would be cool .
just stay in your country .
please .
idiots
online voting is vastly different than online tax returns or online banking .
all they are trying to secure is the connection using encryption .
with online voting we must be sure the individual casting an online vote is in fact the person they claim to be .
which is why we physically cast our ballots at polling stations .
online voting opens up the door for parents to cast the votes of at age live at home children .
it opens the door for one spouse to cast the others ballot .
one of the most basic fundamentals of a democracy is " one person , one vote " .
until a time when we can ensure an online voter is how they claim to be , we must continue to cast our ballots in person .
get rid of those fucking muslims !
the nasty ones that wo n't assimilate , rape women , beat children , threaten democracy , plan terror attacks , assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence .
assimilate or get the fuck out or be prepared to die !
his being a faggot and a globalist and a whore for the kike is worse than being mixed race though most half street shitters are shit in general there a half czech < number > < number > japanese < number > < number > korean politician tomio okamura who is very pro family anti invasion anti eu
rt @griff_thegreat : drake said it best when he said " niggas act more like bitches these days ! "
it only became newsworthy because mr. trump tweeted it .
why is the potus tweeting anyways ?
tweets like a tween too .
it appears that participation in outdoor recreation is proportional to the population except on ghetto basketball courts what with that
wanna get raped i m so horny < sad >
lol yeah that will stop all those " refugees " crossing the border
@abbas_nighat @delhipolice @pmoindia @ltgovdelhi @dcpnewdelhi @blrcitypolice please ban this lady from entering bengaluru
earlier today i was wondering if i was manic or not and i almost fought some dumb bitch at a stop light so i d say ya i am most definitely manic
yeah those gov contractors responsible for resettling immigrants brought in by the gov and leftist un looks like you were not educated let ignore the agenda by msm leftists un and go attack christians right you are no different than any stupid leftist also slander is the tool of the loser
twitter or anywhere there is not free speech is just another internet ghetto period threats of violence personal info porn illegal activity there are your parameters for censure
salty rapper did n't get any dates she should live in pakistan 😂
btw , she was in kunming when the uhygur muslim terrorists killed over 100 people with knives at the train station .
( guns are banned )   apparently they has some issues with han chinese discriminating against minorities .
thanks i agree more repub mexicans blacks asians you get the picture
excellent , excellent commentary .
thank you so much for serving this country and thank you very much for taking the years to obviously educate yourself .
mr. box you will be an incredible asset to whatever institution you choose to serve .
uaa is very lucky to have you ; you are likely enriching everyone 's perspective who comes into contact with you .
normal incels just hate cunts .
this is so stupid .
< user > whew i hate it here america is so ghetto right now 🥴
sorry , beautiful .
your fascist , pinhead effluent spewing from a diseased mind is reflective of your entire comments history .
you refuse to believe any truth that does n't fit your narrow , misbegotten world mired in misery and failure with only the comments section to satisfy your twisted mental state grounded in your republican fascist ideology .
very doubtful your own pseudonym has any basis in fact .
i am proud of my name .
apparently you are n't of yours .
any circle that includes you would not be anything i would be a part of .
what is a tamura ?
some stolen name from an asian food packet ?
yuk !
yuk !
yuk !
if all we lose is dairy supply management , then most canadians will be delighted .
honestly i ca n't even keep up with all the sexist # thor tweets right now .
i hope lady!thor is butch as hell and marries wonder woman
am i missing something with the liberty university shirt ? ? (
edit : i just mean , is it a running joke or something ? )
for a minute i thought you were going to say let the p___y grabber in chief invite them to his viet nam bedrooms after the un - nagrial .
are arabs just a weird mix of niggers and central asians
< user > lets see you retweeted and called me a weirdo ur clearly talkin to me unless u was side tweetin me like a faggot which one is it
yea , i ' m not sure it 's authenithic .
how terrible is stirling for shopping btw & # 128555 ; fucking shite
most whites adapt pretty easy to being a minority as long as the new majority are not violent idiots like blacks whites flee becoming a minority to blacks but they just accept becoming minorities to asians and hispanics
fuck all muslim get a life .
sexual assault creates jobs ?
do tell .
< user > < user > is using his white male privilege racist patriarchy to attack an innocent young black african american male for shame
< user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong malaysian criminals have been gossiping false information to the ntuc supermarket sembawang mart staff since mid < number > swift discoveries if questioned
@cmikesspinmove as a jew who 's grandfathers fought nazis fuck this guy for using their deaths for a zinger .
but also , those grandfathers were philandering alcoholics who withheld love from their kids who grew up to know nothing about raising children thus creating the millennial generation .
at your big ages , you niggas still tweeting bout which women not wholesome .
and you ladies are still falling for it at your equally big ages 😕
uh because women are slow did they let them ask the audience for the answers or make phonecalls too
# wrestlemania the ramp leading up to the ring is fucking ridiculous i would die of exhaustion walking up n down that bastard
disgusting asian mentality where the women have to do everything .
if he was so tired of her being late why did n't he helped her instead and sped things up .
but no only women must do everything .
stupid ideology certain men have .
all you hoes wanna pick with me because i 'm pregnant ..
< user > back pack full of white claws
poland and hungary will be the last white countries on earth and the niggers and shitskins will use the american military power that they stole from whites once they outbred them and destroy them .
you 're trash luv .
homophobic trash .
get off this app
a conversation between me and my dad ... dad : what do you want with your cookies ?
me : milk
good post .
thank you .
it 's unacceptable that lgbtq americans still face discrimination in employment , housing , and education in parts of the u.s. today , i was proud to vote to pass the # equalityact to ensure that our lgbtq brothers and sisters receive full civil rights protections .
msm tatics if shooter is not white bitch about gun control if white use the nazi angle blame trump and probably roll out gabby giffords and the usual suspects
drinking does ease the sorrow of a lonely life .. it 's so tempting to just go out and get drunk , and laid like i did in my youth .. but i have n't got the energy for it anymore .. more likely to lie in bed and cry until it 's time to go work .. still hoping life gets better than this : drink 2508
happy pride month here 's an important message from these gays url
i would start if with some stiff spankings , the i would grab her by the hips and shove my face in her ass , i would lick her pussy and asshole from back there , then i would rail her with my hard cock until she cums uncontrollably , then i would empty my balls inside her right little pussy
why did hope hicks quit ?
trump tried to grab her guns .
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide .
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
thanks for reminding me of the guy 's name .
i was wondering who that was wearing 67 .
< user > sikh community always helpful to others specially they help muslims in india in caa nrc protest allah bless
< user > black and white i ´ ts is amazing o sea blanco y negro sencillamente espectacular
amber guyer this shot a man in his own place bitch got what she deserved justice for botham jean
alt left and alt right are both stupid childish and evil let us stop all this bigotry and authoritarianism known as gay pride straight pride man power woman power black power white power and other nonsense and be proud of being individuals and give liberty a chance votelibertarian
i agree with you up to a point .
no one country should be expected to absorb all refugees , but large , safe , sanitary , refugee camps can be set up in multiple locations in the region .
13.5 million is a little less than the population of new york , l.a. and chicago .
many of those have already scattered across the world .
spread them out over 20 - 30 camps .
put the u.n. and red cross in charge of a worldwide relief effort where everyone contributes .
it might even help the local economies .
they can be protected by the full might of the u.s. military and the saudis ( and others ) can help pay for it all .
then let the maniacs in syria wipe each other out .
might even buy us some time to vet any potential immigrants to our country .
only if we need them .
public shaming , bullying , and guilt - tripping do not work .
our national debt is currently $ 19,846,080,045,627.47 to the penny .
cuts must be made despite the self - righteous and the bullies https://treasurydirect.gov/np/debt/current dr. kozak 's is one of the best articles so far !
mass immigration .
housing prices are only going to go up , as long as africans and asians refuse to use birth control .
she 'll never be the female wayne nigga .
wayne birth generations held hip hop and rap in the palm of his hand for 10 plus years fuck y all niggas be smokin when y all tweet dumb shit like this .... she not even half of wayne lyrically n creatively 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️ 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️
and you 're not talking down to and/or stereotyping me , right ?
my colleagues in various biological disciplines are male , female , african and anglo - american , tikan ( costa rican ) , mexican , australian , kiwi , pakistani , japanese , nigerian , indian , iranian , bangladeshi , sudani etc.--and those are just the categories of colleagues i know personally , and can recall at one sitting .
you 're convinced they invariably " talk down " to anyone with a vagina ?
i 'm not talking down to you -- i'm openly ridiculing a specious argument .
do n't hate me because i 'm smarter than you ...
< user > i d love to see the world through a white persons eyes i reckon it ll be so wild
rejected baseball game ideas : nolan ryan 's punch - out mark and jose 's juice ' em up david ross dance dance revolution # baseball # rejected
as a black american man i can say it 's a personal thing .
i try to live my life to the best of my abilities and hating or disliking someone for something they had nothing to do with is not in my code .
that said we as a people are so disconnected today .
so it 's hard for us to collectively agree on anything .
harry kane is a fucking fanny if he was foriegn the commentators would be going on about how bad diving is in the game absolute wankers
there is sup2uoregon also .
they are a board rental and delivery company .
rented from them and they do all the heavy lifting for you .
they even held the board in the water while i got on it .
had a ton of fun !
i honestly do n't know what i would do without my friends .
i 've been blessed with the ( most scattered//different ) group of solid people & # 128153 ;
his being a faggot and a globalist and a whore for the kike is worse than being mixed race though most half street shitters are shit in general there a half czech < number > < number > japanese < number > < number > korean politician tomio okamura who is very pro family anti invasion anti eu
exactly but asians are so great is the narrative then why are htey leaving their countries the chinese are here as invaders you can believ that and every time you eat chinese food you help kill off ol whitey brought to you by mcmurphy chinese food
ah , he just lets him kill his own kid as a moral lesson to not try to pull one over on the almighty . *
still * sounds like this god is cool with child sacrifice .
sayem17 , you seem to have bought into at least part of mcinnes 's self - promotion - the one thing he is unquestionably good at .
by the way , you claim " he has successfully sued people for claiming he is a nazi , white supremacist and other things . "
can you give one example of such a successful law suit ?
well ... i mean ... it kinda looks like they made her look trans .
if that 's what they were trying to do then i think they got it .
consider that maybe dykes are defensive bc our whole lives we have been treated like sexualized side shows to use for fun every time we have tried to outwardly express our attraction to women
< user > < user > was gon insult but its not my field white system in south africa has destroyed the black mind
i know i keep hoping i wake up one day and this multiracial hell canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens .
@kendilaniannbc looks like all american born residents will have to carry passports and birth certificates well those of color .
shameful .
why did the japanese lose ww2 ?
there was a chink in their armor
watch muslim twitter say shit like voice notes are haram if ur a woman
another long day & amp ; i got to ignore all of you loser # paypigs&#128055 ; tomorrow is payday & amp ; you owe me your # tribute # findomme & # 128184;&#128120;&#127996;@rtp37 @irt4findom
could n't agee more lita oppegard .
@_tanmac i 'm celebrating being a real nigga ! ! &
amp ; ok cool it 's gone be $ 25 cover charge at the doe tho ... &#128064 ;
the chinese are n't stupid enough to believe anything that comes out of his mouth ... in any language .
i can totally relate to this , i spent some weeks backpacking in europe and the best part was all the people i got to meet and hang out with .
the topic of being gay came out organically with a few of them but over all it was n't relevant most of the time , which was a break from it being so back home .
like others who have commented here i live in a conservative country and i feel it gets in the way of most guys trusting and opening up to me .
it would be nice to meet guys at home like the ones i met while traveling but it 's been rare .
20 % of your country is immigrants actually , and that speaks a lot about how shit the place must be .
bunch of fucking rats packed into sardine can , disgusting amount of population density .
lmao if you really think you have enough time to save that sardine swamp .
and they brought their shops which means they make money of off you sardines , which means they are n't leaving .
and if demographics continue the way they are , they 'll fuck you and replace in 2 generations .
yeah but these coaches come with players already in mind , and will have had time to assess the squad by now .
it will be obvious to a manager of koeman 's quality where we need improvements , how good a player in a certain role is and that will have been relayed onto walsh as soon as he signed . [ ... ]
again , completely agree there is a lot of bs out there , we 're linked to everyone , but i think koeman specifically and walsh through relay have to be in a position to recognising what needs to be done .
when my crush does n't comment on my pictures : url
i try not to talk down to misogynists , but they really do seem to have trouble with basic concepts and vocabulary
crosses illegally and gets accepted what a shock , this country is gon na burn
we call chinese to everyone who looks asian .
that 's what i meant .
asians do not have higher iq or intelligence in general than whites that is a huge grotesque joke probably most of the stats come from lying commie chinks so strange that when it comes to stats even based nazi pooplords believe pinkos
you just compared east asians to sandniggers
@sairasameerarao no racist , they are coming in w diseases to kill americans .
u liberals are killing blacks w abortions
people talk about how hard it is to be black in america these days ... but what about being white ?
like fuck , we 're actually almost on a level playing field .
our grandparents had it easy as shit .
ughhh romo passed on a question to say whether he 'd come back if the right situation presented itself .
i hope canada takes no role in the united states border crisis .
they can handle their own mess , we have a legal system that needs to be followed and they are able to seek asylum through routs that are already in place .
putting thousands of people to the front of the line because it 's a hot topic right now only undermines our system and is completely unfair to the people seeking refuge from african countries and well as people fleeing war in the middle east .
we should n't be taking economic refugees from latin america when there are people running from genocide elsewhere .
charlie daniels ‏ < user > twitter assad of syria has said in an interview that there were terrorists among the refugees check it out
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times
now , that 's hitting russia ( putty putt ) where it hurts !
wind 0.0 mph sw .
barometer 1013.68 mb , steady .
temperature 69.2 ° f .
rain today 0.00 in .
humidity 77 %
regret is poisonous , it sucks , seeing it in a mans eyes is # painful .
take action on what you would regret not doing the most # entrepreneur
bill maher m islam is horrible and mosques should not exist anywhere fuck freedom of religion white liberals o lol it ok
" we did not inflict this kind of obstructionism on president obama , " added sen. patrick j. toomey , r - pa. "   hahahahaha !
what a maroon !
or , is he as insane as trump ?
yup .
this is a horrifying thread .
skin color is not what defines us .
but if you hate someone due to the color of their skin , it certainly defines you .
i hope all of us who feel otherwise will stand up against racist rhetoric and actions .
< user > < user > yeh support him for brexit regardless of his attitude towards muslims you do support the murder and harrasment of muslims worse than that you would ignore the evil in someone to support your own view not islam at all
the good - natured&amp;heartful tg who were proud of selling not their bodies but their skills , were immensely popular as a symbol of the spirit ed
cult orange agents could n't find a thing .
they will have to charge her with innocence .
but for rmiller and mark shore , there 'd be no one around here to take up or ' like ' arguments for the belief system that places the international dictator 's club climate change narrative above all other concerns on earth .
@209_design @sairasameerarao because irrelevant hate filled self described indian american woman like @sairasameerarao dosen't get fuged .
probably why she 's an irrelevant hate filled indian american racist bigot . #
trump2020 # maga # kag
how do chinese parents name their children ?
throw silverware down the stairs .
how can the blackpill explain this?asian mongrel claimed a white femoid way out of his subhuman league
i have so much anger in my little person it is fucking insane .
pakis are just moslem dotheads tho
eugene , 

 thank you for asking that " elephant in the room " question of " what are we known for being for , or for actually doing ? "
because it is going to make a lot of adventists very uncomfortable .
why ?
because , as you 've pointed out , we 're not giving the world a powerful and compelling example of applied christianity for others to emulate .
my family and i had the blessing of meeting desmond doss on several occasions and i can tell you that he stands tallest in the memories of my children as a positive role model .
we need a multitude such positive role models who are making a difference in our world in a variety of ways .
we need people who are recognized for applying their faith to improving the lives of others as jesus did instead of just talking theology that is theoretical because it does n't change then or anyone else .
never again .
not to japanese and japanese americans .
never again to jews .
and to muslims , we have your back !
well ... i mean ... it kinda looks like they made her look trans .
if that 's what they were trying to do then i think they got it .
i 'm only bi and my parents still do n't know because i 'm a ball of anxiety .
i ca n't imagine how hard would it be if i was trans .
you 're doing great .
thanks for following   @job   @invest @speech   @silerious @kimcheecowboy
that anyone is so blind they can not the significant differences between the candidates is astonishing .
speaking of " rabid drivel " drama queen , consider taking it down a notch .
that is n't how being human works .
that 's why human rights are universal and why we ca n't napalm isis .
labour loves the free movement of peoples in europe except when it leads to brown people feelings getting hurt this street shitting raghead need a one way ticket back to which ever shit hole country he crawled out of
when a nigga wanna take you out & spend time wit you > > , that 's my type
my wife showed me a kibble 's - n - bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as ` ` normal . ''
almost 4 and my release is not here&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580 ; fucking wanna go home
if u got a man i m not gon invite u out bc i m a have u out suckin on dick
@bluestein so basically michael williams ' defense is he 's not an authentic racist asshole , but a deliberate , calculated one ?
oh , that 's so much better .
< /snark > url
limousine libtards like the retarded asshole justin trudeau do not worry about who will move into their neighborhoods they have ways to keep out the same undesirables that they joyfully foist on ordinary people you can bet his children will never go to a public school with muslim students
nothing like " sunlight " in circumstances as important as this ( national security ) .
cabinet committees are fine but in areas of national security are involved a broad coalition of elected officials even if they work in security is better then just a few selected by the pm and political operatives .
that is playing out well south of the border is n't it !
black is the opposite of white ... this thread will be locked and you know i 'm right .
rosie o ching chong wing wong i hate chinks donnell
and it is only geting worse i find .
i think there are less chinese in china compared to markham .
and chinese are rude - this is a fact .
at : let 's do get together after three months of trump 's presidency ..... it should make for interesting conversation .
perhaps you taught your children to respect president obama .
however , those millions of racist rants attacking him tell me there are far too many individuals who were n't following your example .
i have tremendous respect for the office of potus .
this , in fact , is why i find it so upsetting that a man like trump will be holding that office .
perhaps being president will change him ...... i certainly hope so .
let 's see how it goes .
regards , gary
where where are all the whites and asians doing the car jackings home invasions muggings and random shootings this is why nobody trusts negros and nobody wants them around asians and mexicans hate blacks more than whites do
i have a dream that liberals will stop calling people they disagree with racists or nazis
ffs everthing is offensive to muslimes
having recently traveled to london i was disgusted by how non - white the city had become .
she deserves the utmost respect .
what she 's doing for the black community is exceptional .
using her power and privilege the right way .
what a strong and powerful way of coming out !
any room for me between there ?
man i am so sick of chinas bullshit .
can we bomb the shit out of them and be done with them ?
prove that were not ... recent dna proves we are a different race than your asian counterparts ... 100 million murdered indigenous native lives later the slaughter wants to continue , caucasions nearly got the job done only 140,000 alaska natives left , why stop now your work is almost complete , albeit there are good caucasions that are welcome to stay ... we will help you , and we have .
wow go figure once again the placed crowd at new year rockin eve is mainly chinks niggers beaners muslims kikes dykes faggots and chicks with dicks
the more threatened the powers that be feel , the more oppressive they will become .
within the next 20 years whites will become a minority in america , and they will be at the beginning of the end of their reign ... the union of south africa 's apartheid history comes to mind .
you think that it 's ugly now ?
communist leaning colored citizens abusing their positions of authority targeting other chinky citizens for harm by other entitled citizens of color show of hands who thinks this is ok
kidnapped japanese women , what a moron .
just the opposite , ever heard of comfort women ?
you do realize that the majority of those w/o insurance will be republicans , right ?
so what you are saying is trump wants to grab him ?
yeah it 's actually sexist to both males and females here lol
we should also deport all the trailer trash living off welfare and hating anyone who is n't white for doing the same thing .
because we need a compromise on this to not harm the victims ( those that were brought here as kids and those born here to illegals ) .
congrats hilo for kicking the crap out of the wimpy raiders .
iolani should just drop football and concentrate on robotics hahahahahaha leave the really football to the big 3 , pun , kam , still .
garens gon na get trashed this comment .
hahaha iolani needs to stop fooling themselves and play the sports that they can compete like vball , basketball , tennis , and robotics and national merit   but they losing that one to punahou again .
well i heard they gon na have dorms , so they will bring in lots and lots of rich asians .
maybe they should petition the ilh to have ping pong or chess .
nah nah nah , i 'm only playing around , so you iolani alums or wannabes , you still can blast my comments .
go for it .
give me your best shot .
nj recognized gaps in current federal law , but in more than 30 states , lgbtq individuals can still be fired from their jobs , or evicted from their homes , because of who they are .
the equality act brings federal law into alignment with what we 've done in nj .
proud to vote yes 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 url
there is freedom of navigation near california ... it 's not a backward , totalitarian police state like china .
genocidal chinese imperialists out of tibet !
stamping the word " bastard " on birth certificates .
any and all bigotry .
pulling kids out of school to have them go to work .
various forms of domestic abuse .
woman gives birth in rest stop , abandons baby - redditors defends her
instead of killing americans just kill brown kids instead url
we just left a rental from an owner who would not keep smoke detectors , co monitors , working .
he refused to fix boiler .
he used the fire extinguisher in the laundry room as a doorstop .
anchorage fire department visited his property over unsafe , impassable , fire egress .
owner still did not act .
we had to take him to court .
many renters do not have the option to relocate .
you must demand your tenants rights for safety though .
contact anchorage fire department for assistance .
your life is worth it .
this nigga just called macaroni and cheese " the white man 's diet " lmaoooooooo y' all are weird .
the mafia exists in quebec .
lemme think , where did many of their forebears emigrate from ?
asian gangs exist in many places in canada .
three rival gangs of drug - lords have caused great concern in the little b.c. town of williams lake .
i mean , drive - bys and shoot outs !
oh , wait .
darn it .
ca n't blame " foreigners " for this dangerous criminal activity .
these are first nations gangs .
( source : g&m , may 1 , 2016 )
< user > news flash yes you can sure white people do not have to deal with systematic racism and have it way easier than other groups i am not gon na deny that but just like everyone else there still stereotypes they have to deal with all white people are racist for example
congrats , i remember coming out to some of my friends a year ago , it feels great ! !
🙂
we will know him as in the diversity crusher with you singh this is a parody post and does not condone violence it just common and garden venting by an annoyed straight white male about the typical degeneracy and anti white opportunism of the evil mudvader
deport this person imediatly .. go complain in your own country .. illegal alien 🤑 👽 🙉
whitey prevails for a change miss south africa beats out a nig two spics and a gook to win miss u
if the fellow had stuck to the difference in flying transportation / tourists and possible earnings ?
yeah , maybe no issue .
he did not .
he doubled down with nasty stereotypes .
maybe some folks can gloss over that or add their own but in the end , the gent blew it .
exactly !
cuomo does n't know this guy from adam .
this truck driving colleague , who actually knows him , has more reliable comments about the character than cuomo ....
and bitchhhhhhhh do n't get you no bitch that know how to lay good dick with the strap 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 bitchhhhhhhh will have yo ass stuck on stup frrrrrr
i have so much anger in my little person it is fucking insane .
god 's curse on women was to make their childbirth painful .
god 's curse on men was to make their g - spot up the ass , and make it a sin to use it .
i think he was being ironic because it was you god obama that would allow pres trump to enact martial law .
why do asians hate football ?
they spend 13 hours a day making them
the liberals carry on with their dangerous populist agenda of wealth confiscation to the cheers of their envious and spiteful base .
trudeau leads the mob with cries of make them " pay a little more " .
it is the bottom 50 % of tax filers as a group do n't pay enough income tax to cover the cost of health services they receive , never mind pay for infrastructure , education , national defense , and the cost of government bureaucracy .
it is obvious who really needs to " pay a little more " .
kim lip for the dykes
< user > < user > < user > an illegal alien is just that nyc has gone brain dead and it should be challenged in court in california the politicians are just as bad but they can not shut down my first amendment rights
😂 😂 😂 so now there is straight cancer i guess there is homosexual cancer too what next
< user > < user > a friend of mine is the stereotypical southern redneck racist tm he also a good guy he does not want to be around blacks and does not want them around him this only extends to his personal life he works with blacks no problem
why did the anti - vaccine mom ban asian women from her son she was worried about yellow fever
current letters : u¹ e¹ e¹ n¹ i¹ n¹ e¹ ||| last word : inlets ||| round : 12/14 ||| highest score end of round 14 wins game .
i do not hate hitler brother it not black or white for me i do not hate him or love him i find him fascinating i prefer george lincoln rockwell
< user > truth hurt them chinazi and lies more lies until it become truth to their lies
" the narrative of being a refugee has always been very strong in my family and so i 've been looking for ways to help " vancouver - based group @rainbowrefugee exemplifies just how welcoming canada truly is .
🇨 🇦 ❤ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜 🖱 url url
we 're in june and there 's been 8 trans murders in the country , all of which have been black women .
this is what i 'm carrying with me this pride month .
rainbows and short shorts are fun , but this is reality .
rest in power sisters ❤ ️
what 's the same about black men and asian men they both ca n't see their families
islamaphobia is absolutely ugly and i truly stand w the muslims esp hijabi women who deal with it on a day to day basis
[ hypothetical ] you 're given the ability to launch a nuclear warhead , which country / city do you target ?
agree totally .
this should have been done better from the start .
japanese developers and hoteliers have great power as we know .
she 'll never be the female wayne nigga .
wayne birth generations held hip hop and rap in the palm of his hand for 10 plus years fuck y all niggas be smokin when y all tweet dumb shit like this .... she not even half of wayne lyrically n creatively 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️ 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️
he did n't have to veto the treaty agreement by america and the leading other five nations of the world mike because repealing it never made it out of the senate .
for some truth read this most excellent piece from the new yorker : 

 " how they failed to block the iran deal 
 elizabeth drew october 22 , 2015 "
fucking done with people i need a dog to cuddle asap
are you asian gooks ?
first if your going to serve take your clothes off get naked so we know what were working with .
see if you 2 cunts can be useful
un experts arrive nigeria to deal with landmines scourge https://t.co/2ykwyj5wo8 https://t.co/dykb2bkhiy
joaquin phoenix performance in joker is what marvel fan think robert downey jr performance in endgame was
you 're attributing to the norwegian system what are actually qualities of the population .
the exact same system with exact same principles would not work elsewhere as well as it does in norway .
they told me to lose weight so i had an abortion .
" this guy gon comment on one of my ig pics saying " " lol i remember when i met u at yo job in palmdale " " ? ?
i 've never worked out there lmao "
why do you guys want to genocide whites lol 😂
i 'm so done with life this week just fucking get be a bottle of bevy
< user > soobhyuck superior gay < number > liners 💅
that 's it , when in doubt blame the russians .
they were being blamed for the wannacry hack last friday , now its n korea .
these are no more than conspiracy theories .
as far as ' hard brexit ' is concerned , the uk is a very big market for continental europe , we too can slap tariffs on imports from the eu .
bmw , vw , peugeot , renault , etc wo n't be too happy if a retaliatory import tax is levied upon their cars whilst japanese , chinese and other asians enjoy more favourable terms .
the same applies to french dairy produce , spanish fruit and vegetables .
it is in the eu 's interest to hang on to its uk market .
i do n't think we will lose our financial services either and no longer shackled by eu rules we can make ourselves very attractive to foreign investors .
the greatest gain will be taking back control over our borders and who we let in rather than being dictated to by unelected bureaucrats in brussels : parliament will once again be our supreme legislature .
simply the biggest nut > > > > > niggers be like a fucking joke , my glock , fuck my ass .
is it just me or is the world going to hell in a hand basket canada is truly in the shit trudeau is letting refugees in all over the place attacks by refugees are happening in canada and msm not covering it
uh ah diversity ah uh innovation hubs uh ah irregular crossings
nor if your were from africa .
the true , " i will always hate white people " are found primarily in the united states .
about the only more racist group(s ) in the world that i have come across in my travels are the chinese and the japanese .
they , at least , have millennia of history to justify their attitude of superiority to the rest of the world .
the black africans in the us primarily have their professional victimhood .
and the asians tend to excel when measured against all of us in the united states , no matter what color we happen to be .
minorities do nt matter to them they re safe
yes , the torah is so terrible just follow seven of the commandments /s
like @carolwild42 says , i 'm a fucking catch and idc if anyone but me sees it
fuck off faggot
we encourage white native born americans to learn another language but we see it as a deficit for immigrant children that are imagined as lower class to maintain fluency in their native tongues p < number > latina teacher sad truth
i guess , to simply answer your question if i 'm understanding it right , yes .
christians have faith and trust in god which we consider to be a superior authority .
@larry davisson cool , first of all you hate all black 's no matter what their plight in life is .
this is what 's happening ; you represent the mind set of all un - american conservative trump supporters .
stop dividing our great country with your conservative hate , bigotry and racism .
leave , go someplace else .
your not welcome here in america .
conservatives like you enjoy seeing black ' men murdered .
the officer murdered an unarmed man and got away with it .
pretty simple , not much to analyze .
what one good thing about child molesters ?
they drive slowly in a school zone
somehow with the new twitter revelations there is a meme with the words " jack off " someone will create .
may i help you ?
it is kind of funny how much more body confident i 've gotten ever since the gaters started calling me fat . &
lt;3
i hate fags because of this shit .
do n't get an erection i was sitting next to this really hot thai girl on the bus and all i could think to myself was , " do n't get an erection , do n't get an erection " .
< repeat > but she did .
its almost like dysphoria is not the only reason this happens .
maybe the constant harassment and violence from people with similar beliefs to your own might have a little something to do with it ?
you fucking peon .
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide .
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white .
yay , a new reason for people to hate me .
shove off .
< user > bro pls do nt kill yourself bro pls
i can not believe you think it ’s ok for a woman to put her husband and family in financial strain you are not making any sense .
lol you are unbelievable . [ ... ]
that makes her a terrible person
< user > < user > ching chong ching chong you < number >
america should vsnisgh from the earth .
that would be cool .
just stay in your country .
please .
idiots
you whores nut in dumb bitches who only want you for your mixed babies
idiot boy came trundling up the stairs and woke me up by smorching my face
@dytiaaurinh @terrynuriman @xemnenas that and how religion is always top priority than individual identity .
so even if you give all the scientific evidence and statistics , scripture from 1400 years ago will always win .
what do you call it when a racist deepthroats a korean ?
gobbledygook .
< user > ha this coming from a two time loser not to mention that she one of the if not the most corrupt person politician the usa has ever had she fails to mention that her popular win were from the illegal alien votes
god 's curse on women was to make their childbirth painful .
god 's curse on men was to make their g - spot up the ass , and make it a sin to use it .
state testing is finally fucking over the suicide is off
@stxrmbxrn you misunderstand .
what i am implying is why should gays , trans , or anyone for that matter care about some god says ?
he is n't real
pearl harbour my father in law said to me “ is n’t the weather like pearl harbour ? ”
so i asked “ why ? ”
he replied “ because there ’s a ‘ nip in the air . ”
this is just typical of the liberals .
rather than encourage women and minorities to excel where white males have excelled , the liberals punish white males for excelling .
donald trump 's isolationism and fear of muslims is benefiting canadian universities as talented students , teachers and researchers from around the world are turning to canada .
there has been at least one article to that effect in the globe .
so , what does our government do ?
tell these highly desirable scholars that males are not welcome .
it 's incredibly short - sighted to exclude a significant portion of the pool of talent canada needs to be competitive .
> besides , companies trying to keep on top of diversity is n't necessarily a bad thing in my eyes .
non - whites , women and sexual minorities are underrepresented in just about every industry in the first world and not by coincidence , hiring biases exist and due to lack of opportunities it 's tougher to break in for those with biases against them .
plus different backgrounds add different experience and ideas to the company , so it 's healthy for them too .
forced representation still is n't the solution .
there should be equality of opportunity , not of outcome .
hey i seen my friends dog like really licking his self down below and now his girlfriend kissing and the dog licking her face and lips
> for every year a man ages so his dating pool grows   aha , those 70 y. o. chads clean up mad pussy bra .
what made this niggah say that out his mouth
bad idea !
china is playing the imperial power and wants to undermine the world bank and the asian development bank .
we should have no part in this as china is a one party communist , anti - democracy state that tolerates no freedom and no dissent .
not a good business partner and we need to stay away .
liberals use your heads -the pm is   easily swayed by china and our finance minister already showed us he is corrupt and a liar - so i guess he is just like china .
it appears that participation in outdoor recreation is proportional to the population except on ghetto basketball courts what with that
@corybooker hey moron if they are a tool for white supremacy what is all the colored people killing each other with in chicago and baltimore
mmmm i d love to fuck the crack of that great ass slide my cock between those cheeks and jackoff with your ass
# ap :   carolina panthers announce owner jerry richardson , dealing with a sexual misconduct investigation , will sell the team
a correction : cardinal navarrete did not enunciate a “ policy invalidating baptisms conducted using gender - neutral references to the trinity ( e.g. , " creator , redeemer and sanctifier " ) instead of the traditional male references . ”
once one is validly baptized , the baptism is forever .
there are some baptisms which are not recognized as valid .
anyone , even one who is not baptized , can baptize using the formula “ i baptize you in the name of the father , and of the son , and of the holy spirit ” while pouring water on the baptized sufficient that it flows .
baptisms of the church of jesus christ of the latter day saints are not recognized even though they do this because they teach that the father , son , and holy spirit are men , not persons in the one triune god .
baptisms using odd references such as “ creator , redeemer and sanctifier ” because they are not the formula given by christ himself and because no one but the baptizer knows what those words signify .
how can you tell if someone is asian they walk into a wall with an erection and break their nose
proud to see the leader of our little country samoa leading the way for equality confronting this issue of transgenderism in female sports where many are fearful to 🇼 🇸 🇼 🇸 🇼 🇸 url
uh ..... mr. mason ...... uniting the right in alberta is not going to get ugly .
it is already an ugly , ugly affair .
i do not understand why anyone would work for uber , at the end of the day , they are lucky if they have made six dollars an hour .
another wonder is why uber is losing billions every year , they have people drive their own cars , pay for all the gas , insurance , etc .
and they are not employees .
white boys think listening to tupac gives them a n word pass
i get your sarcasm .. some of these other people should too ......... jeesh people !
yeah , you might be able to hit a quarter from two miles away with your .300 win mag , but i have over 1,000 headshots in day of infamy .
" if dia can afford to pay a $ 9 million penalty for delaying the contract execution beyond sept. 1 , surely it could afford to engage experienced professionals to evaluate the deal from denver ’s viewpoint ( e.g. , bain , mckinsey , boston consulting ) . "
that might interfere with the dia management & city council 's bonus plan .
dia has been one boondoggle project after another .
automated baggage system ?
rip it out !
fancy fountain in the main concourse ?
rip it out !
great view if the iconic roof as you drive up ?
block it with a hotel .
go shoot up a school 💪
first let 's all offer as much assistance and political pressure to save lives now , regardless of our political differences .
afterwards a bipartisan commission can explore accountability issues for this administration .
in 2005 i was a tourist stuck in the superdome & discussed such issues in my memoir , " diary from the dome , reflections on fear and privilege during katrina " .
history seems to repeat itself .
prolly heard i was broke from a broke nigga prolly heard i was a hoe from a hoe 🤒
you must be in the ghetto .
you have no idea what being american means because you are clearly not one it would be like a chinaman going to india stirring up lots of trouble exploiting the locals and then complaining bombastically that the indians complaining about this were being anti chinese and unindian get stuffed
as a nurse in 1972 when i graduated from nursing school we had preventive health care as the focus of all patient care , the first line of defense by using health education and reliable treatment of chronic diseases to prevent hospitalizations .
we had the medical delivery system in place to achieve this goal .
the hospital system in the big city i lived in had " satellite " clinics all over in community neighborhoods , i worked as a student in several of them .
my point is that i am for " managed " care which is the new term for this older method of delivering health care to people ,   so i support this because it saves not only money but peoples health and lives , and if you do n't have your health ...... however i have a deep concern about alaska having worked the medical care delivery system in place and been a patient of for years , do the communities have in place the resources they need to deliver this type of care or will it all be in the larger cities which is a burden to some residents ?
a study has found that lesbian couples are twice as likely to divorce as heterosexual couples hardly surprising it not hard to walk out the door when there two locks and no key
richard corbell : but gun control advocates never seem to address what will actually fix the problem while at the same time protecting my right to own a gun .
hillary clinton want to close the " charleston loophole " and insure that the result of a background check is in hand of the gun dealer before a gun is sold .
nra is against this .
hillary or any government agency can not take your legally owned guns .
she will not do away with the second amendment .
a well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed .
what does " well regulated " mean ?
in district of columbia v. heller ( 2008 ) , the u.s. supreme court stated that implies nothing more than the imposition of proper discipline and training .
how well disciplined and trained was adam lanza ?
james holmes ?
jared loughner ?
cho seung huio , omar mateen ?
blasian women are always gorgeous and she definitely supports that
hi my name is chris i ' m 35 looking for white ladies to go on dates with that are devoted to one man .
< user > < user > thank you white person for telling me that i should not get upset about people making excuses for why a black man was murdered bless your heart
we should make a statue for the man who killed hitler
when he calls you his retarded cum dumpster 🥰 💘
when talking about the presidency , james carville , strategists of bill clinton summed it up in one phrase 
 " it 's the economy stupid " 
 trump 's " make america great again " ridiculed , laughed at insulted , is what made trump the 45th president of the us .
he has been under attack by the liberal media in election2016 and still was after election2016 and still is today and every day henceforth .
but like the energizer bunny , trump 's beat goes on .
like reagan , attacks on trump just slide off like teflon .
this anti - trump opinion - editorial / commentary " donald trump flim flam man " by a proffesssor of asian languages is merely an exercise in futility like the relentless and unceasing daily one - hour negative and extremely negative op - ed / commentary anti - trump broadcast of the   liberal media .
really , any excuse by any anti - trump to brainwash cb readers is futile .
as i said , * * * " trump 's " make america great again " ridiculed , laughed at insulted , is what made trump the 45th president of the us . " * * *
never date the japanese when i broke up with one , i had to drop the bomb twice before she got the message
< user > a < number > yr muslims kid while crying 😥 😥 says to no to khatna 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
< user > < user > < user > < user > illegal muslims are not india responsibility why do nt muslims countries give them refugee why they call themselves muslim countries if they do nt want to give refuge to muslims
i 'm sure their failure to dig simple bloody pits for their ordure is our fault somehow .
lol we just watched an art thing and i said i loved the japanese artist and my dad said did ching chong chinaman draw it < happy > love that
i member when clinton said … you could put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables the racist sexist homophobic xenophobic islamaphobic you name it and now trump supporters are all white supremacist nazis and trump is hitler reincarnated fud
what do you call a chinese jew ?
a rice crispy .
three times !
wow !
now .
let 's see if you will use my quote when things like " trump " are utilized here .
i do n't know how well this software [ facial recognition software ] will work in places like asia because all chinese people look the same .
what is the difference between an indian man and an indian woman .
the man can choose when to lose his virginity .
< user > why the hell did this mentally challenged individual parents allow him to go to a sleepover with a retarded ghetto nigger maybe the we are all one race the human race crap had filled their heads maybe they are tired of caring for him not wise
the fact is , there is no policy .
there is no training .
but all the pds i 've talked to do * not * say this & amp ; do not give any related advice .
these people are fucking filth .
nothing in this photo violates any laws however i do see you reposting advocacy of violence in your timeline so i am going to chalk it up as you being another fed
such mass shooting act takes some preparation and planning .
it involves more than one person .
looking at this crazy sex offender murderer profile , i can tell that his girlfriend supplied him with young asian girls .
he was probably under her control with lots of underage sex acts photos .
he used her credit cards .
she either knew or even helped him plan the whole thing .
again , we will never learn the whole truth - no one is digging deep enough .
asia for asians africa for africans whites countries for everybody there will still be asians in asia and africans in africa but the west will be blended brown this is white genocide whites need a safe space to propagate their gene pool and preserve their culture
he did have a warrant .
it was recalled on 8/16/17 .
burn all the gays burn all non whites i am living for giving these niggers their due i m burnin i m burnin i m burnin a jew hitlerwasright
spiderland also hitting different in the fall
5th wave feminism .
nsfl url
take any dna test with a mountain of salt .
fuck what this kike cunt has to say only thing she is good for is sticking a cock down her throat so she can not talk
this generation took and took and took more , but they did not give back .
they did not invest in the future ( i am not speaking of the stock market gamble . )
they laid their bed and now they want us to fix it even as the bed they laid is the bed we are forced to be in as well .
it will take much more than wanting it to be better to fix this hot mess .
how are your parents ?
thought it 'd be okay to watch @mikeekhoury snapchat before my lecture started and instead 300 people heard him yelling about titties
< < before making such suggestions and encouragements , would n't it be good to know what was actually said ?
> > 

 i think that 's an excellent suggestion !
that 's why i made precisely that suggestion in my first post on this topic .
like hell .
take off your rose colored glasses & see the real world !
just looking at this dude tells me he 's a longtime gang banger .
how many people 's lives has he screwed up over the years with his banging ?
he deserves any thing he gets in prison .
cassie pregnant all the twitter niggas mad about it lmao you all niggas weirdos
ah , he just lets him kill his own kid as a moral lesson to not try to pull one over on the almighty . *
still * sounds like this god is cool with child sacrifice .
goys are incapable of thinking .
i find it offensive that you think people who serve and fight do so for one political side , rather than for all our freedoms , including the rights to free speech and peaceful assembly .
equally offensive that you think protesting bad cops who kill people unnecessarily equals being anti american .
your comment is what is anti american , as it betrays the values this country was founded upon .
you must be removed from earth you gook trash
the only genocide here is the destruction of white culture by immigration and media brainwashing about indians .
the destruction of white canada will be done in less than a decade at this rate .
i guess i 'll   join the indians in bitching about everything and demand cheques from the muslims and chinese millions who 've taken over and " settled " where i used to live .
the cheques will just roll in 
 the ripoff the taxpayers face very day who pay for your every desire .
i 'm 6'4 " .
i have never met a cis woman who was taller than i am , and only one trans woman .
the closest i 've come is meeting a black woman who was * as * tall as i am , but she was wearing platform heels .
" @dhsuchak sorry to hear this .
could you send us the screenshots of " " about phone " " in settings for further aid ? "
" 2 of my fav misheard lyrics in @hamiltonmusical " " a young man in a red coat stands on a pillow pet " " " " i catch a glimpse of the otter slide " " "
i know a 5'6 handsome guy who gets fresh young pussy daily but no tall subhuman faces that do 
 face is everything unless you 're like 5'2 then you 're fucked anyway
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
looks like we found our next incel terrorists sorry ... i meant " mentally disturbed lone wolf "
< user > these people are so keen on keeping illegal immigrants and self destructing themselves
oh you mean like count dankula who a self admitted communist with a tattoo of a red star on his chest who just got convicted of being a nazi because he white cowards like you find it very easy to attack the enemies of the jews
< user > superfluous violence 😱
scarpitti is corrupt and all in with the chinese - that 's how he stays on top .
it is not in the public 's best interest to let more foreign chinese buyers in .
look at the schools - all funding for chinese and the rest of us get left holding the bag .
look at the medical system and hospitals - half these folks buying homes pay little to no taxes and are geting a free ride .
i can go on forever but the point is , limit the chinese and kick justin 's ass to the curb .
another corrupt and unethical politician - trudeau 's days are numbered !
now , what a bunch of nonsense this article is .
dumb dumb donald has told us all that climate change is a chinese plot .
so , obviously , those beavers were placed there by clever chinese agents .
probably using submarines .
forget all this science stuff , just listen to dumb dumb and r party .
wow go figure once again the placed crowd at new year rockin eve is mainly chinks niggers beaners muslims kikes dykes faggots and chicks with dicks
to all my asians y ’ all still saying the n word or are we gon na have to box
latin american countries are now crumbling under the pressure of the drug trade .
if we americans want to do our part to give these people a reason to stay in their own countries we need to cut the illicit drug industry in the western hemisphere ( of which the us is the center ) off at the knees .
the asian solution of speedy execution after conviction would not work here , so let 's make all illicit drugs perfectly legal .
sure , a lot of people will die by their own stupidity , but would cleaning the gene pool this way really be such a bad thing ?
what 's missing is a statement ( freely and easily available ) from the accused .
and then you refer to " looks " with no examination of charges , and pell 's response .
no data .
no evidence .
that 's the level of rationality we have today :   looks guilty .
when that rag head nadiya won the great british bake off the media described her as moslem but the child rapists in rotherham were called asian moslem when their baking asian when their raping
the investigation started in july and the reason he is in front of the committee now is to confirm what has been ' known ' for several months .
if he was parsing statements before it is because the rules prohibit him from discussing ( or confirming ) any investigations that are ongoing .
one could argue that this is unprecedented that he is there talking about ( and saying very little btw ) about investigating the trump campaign team because its not to be done .
its only happening because of the mess that has been wrought , in part by 45 and his merry men .
i assume since these agencies are linked to doj that it would come from ag ( which would then be the obama administration if it started last year ) or if director think there is have enough reason , open one .
45 will forever have a shadow over him , whether or not he did something wrong .
talk about the shoe being on the other foot , now he knows how hrc feels .
any guesses how long it will take before he starts to attack comey who he loved .
scum should n't be allowed have kids !
+ ashley lawton if y' all do n't want immigrants let 's begin by stopping the flow of weapons into mexico .. you 're being lied to by your own people
great doc abt how east asians commit less crime than whites even though they are a racial minority and the apparent victims of horrible white racism
so tell me , were black ghettos in the us any different ?
were they allowed to live in white neighbourhoods in the south ?
nope .
were the chinese in north america allowed to live with white folks in the early 20th century ?
nope .
and here is a dutch joke - what is the most famous dutch word ?
apartheid .
does that need any elaboration ?
do n't talk to me , rapist trash
it a heartbroken news my heart and prayers will be always with all the victims and all muslim family around the world
minorities , i must run over .
is waiting , my 2001 honda civic .
pleased , allah would be .
lots of ketamine , he would give me .
that fat fag needs to take a look in the mirror , he looks like a wm - af deranged hapa himself .
he should cut his face open and tear it after smashing that ugly mug into the mirror .
then his white ass gets raped in an alley by tyrones and gets injected with some african dna into his cuckasoid genes .
un double standard we did not see tears when more than 3 k kids in west aleppo were slaughtered in cold blood by jihadi rebels and buried without un propaganda sheets
extreme shitlib swpls are the best argument against the simplified wn thesis that everything would be fine if the brown people and jews were gone i wish it was that simple
in other climate change news : 
 noaa is preparing to conduct an outside investigation following allegations by dr. john bates , a whistleblower , of data tampering to promote the global warming campaign .
a noaa spokesman said , “ in the interest of maintaining the highest standards of transparency , accountability , and scientific integrity , we are in the process of engaging independent outside parties to review this matter . ”
" bates said former noaa scientist tom karl and his colleagues manipulated scientific guidelines and methodologies to rush out a 2015 study before it had gone through proper data quality checks in order to support president barack obama ’s agenda and influence united nations delegates meeting in paris later that year . "
" bates also accused karl of keeping his ' thumb on the scale ' to ' maximize warming and minimize documentation , ' and suggested the study ’s authors had made decisions to get a predetermined outcome . "
yes it does because the punishment does not fit the seriousness of the crime .
friend : : yeah , you act like this sometimes .
she pulls on her eye lids to give me slanty eyes .
i 'm east asian .
she 's white .
for someone who i thought was my friend , she sure had no trouble expressing her feelings about my culture and me .
always told you asians were based
< user > < user > biggest coward chinaman satanist lee hsien loong criminals had audible talks past few years it started in < number > he got his criminals to loiter at my 1 9 8 0 address they gossiped false information around < number > < number > and < number > marsiling lane singapore
ever try diplomacy .
much less expensive than testing missiles and flying sorties off the coast of korea .
perhaps when we flattened their country and killed millions of them back in the fifties it made them a bit anxious .
oops , donald just happened to cut the state department budget by two thirds so forget about diplomacy .
well , bravo for the the arms dealers !
" remember , freedom is not free . "
quote by defense industry lobbyist ..
fuck you , you autistic child , your face looks like one that needs to be punched , can you even see when you pretend to smile
makes you wonder how we invented anything at all and built nations that were the envy of the brown world when our countries were mostly white .
@waleedpchoudhry lmao indians are actually crazy stupid url
oh brother -- the first amendment does not allow for trespassing .
- 
 [ ... ] those who gather and disseminate information to the public do not have a privilege to trespass ... 
 http://www.rcfp.org/browse-media-law-resources/digital-journalists-legal-guide/entering-private-property-another-0 
 --- 
 aclu [ ... ]   when , where and how -consider when , where and how you use your free - speech rights .
if you organize a rally that causes violence or unnecessary disruption , your event may be disbanded .
every municipality has regulations and it 's your responsibility to understand them .
you must observe reasonable regulations on time , place , and manner when you exercise your rights to demonstrate and protest ... 
 https://www.aclunc.org/our-work/know-your-rights/free-speech-protests-demonstrations 
 - 
 ( ah , attorney david lane - why does   that not surprise me ... )
note to kevin spacey .
you 're bisexual .
not homosexual .
having sex with both men and women makes a person bisexual .
ca n't claim bisexuality and simply claim homosexuality .
spacey has to fly the bisexual flag .
i like my grilled cheese like i like my vietnamese villagers yellow and melting .
so tommy robinson has been transferred to a < number > asian muslim prison in midlands where he is facing certain death please email write donate do what you can savetommyrobinson
find his fat ass on the closest golf course that does n't allow minorities .
my ' agree " reaction was erroneous .
i heartily disagree with your comments , especially the " no increase in hate crimes " bit .
talk about fake !
how can you compare japanese and muslims .
japan attacked military targets only , extremist muslims attack innocent civilians with bombs and chop their heads off if they refuse to convert and join their jihad .
japanese should be insulted by such comparisons .
the chinese are hovering ..... once panicking sellers see that they are not getting their prices , the vultures will tempt them with offers but not offering anyting .... then the panicking sellers sell more .
just like the stock market .... then when some capitulation occurs the chinese strike , and strike hard .
just like the borg ... you will be assimiliated with resistance being futile .
remember there are probably 100 million   plus who want to and have the means to leave that filty country to move here .... and that is an undeniable fact .
who the hell invited this faggot
chrysler should have died a peaceful death years ago -- it is a zombie and the chinese should stay clear of it .
them : go out your way , do a bunch of shh for us , even tho we do n't care bout u & amp ; never appreciate u ... me : no them : why not ....
amen blacks suspended about < number > times as much as whites sheboons suspended < number > times as much as white girls standard crime pattern mainly due to genes blacks injuns hispanics whites asians
hello ben , 

 you write : 

 " the fentanyl may be coming from china , but that does n't make china or the chinese people responsible for the deplorable situation here in canada . "
hello ?
dude , the chinese people who are making and shipping the fentanyl are absolutely responsible for the deplorable situation in canada .
vancouver has always had a community of drug addicts using heroin and cocaine and morphine but , hello dude , it was only when this nuclear - bomb - strength fentanyl derivative started hitting the streets of vancouver that suddenly there were a thousand body bags a year .
your post is disgusting , trying to deflect away from the fact that greedy , money - hungry chinese crooks are slaughtering canadians en masse in their quest to grab more and more cash and more and more bling .
so quick to blame america for canada 's handgun and xenophobia and air pollution problems and yet is so hesitant to condemn greedy chinese crooks for their kills .
politically correct nonsense , it rots the brain .
not including to police remains as pure ' bigotry ' on the part of black lives matter & those of the pride community who do not want to allow ' everyone ' to take part .
opportunistic precocious black lives matter has hooked deep into ' american branding ' & ragged history of the ' excited states of america ' .
and by golly , its certainly workin ' out for 'em , eh ?
strange how they stick to toronto though .. why not protest up in canada 's north or eastern or western regions for that matter .
john tory is just another political animal who did n't cut it as top dog in provincial politics - so now that he 's made drum majorette of toronto city hall , the dear man wants to make sure that he is ' beloved ' by ' all ' his constituents .. 

 toronto city hall is a ' universe ' unto itself where manipulation is the name of the game & where attack dog cunning works ... gimme gimme gimme .. the hallmark of blm & jt .. 

 hmm ...   jt , of course being john tory -- but if political connotation fits -- wear it mr. trudeau .. 

 /.
@uselesscunt3 @lnddomboss good fag
considering the depth of   antisemitic preaching   openly by prominent imams at ryerson , in mosques in   gta and other cities in canada , which gets exposed from time to time , why should we be surprised young muslim men might hold the same ideas ?
exposing them is a public duty .
sad but true in my state pitbull owners are usually in the ghetto or barrio i e black hispanic gangbangers or out in the boondocks trailer parks doped up white trash tweakers juggalos crim bikers pitbull ownership is highly correlated with having a felony record and or drug habit
& # 8220;@scoop82294 : if you do n't have your read receipts on you a bitch&#8221 ; the bitchyest bitch ever
if you 're so confident that you will win the next general elections then surely yourself and the ruling party should welcome an early election to show the world how much the south african people supposedly " love " the anc .
furthermore , please remember that the aids epidemic in south africa was one that was created by a former president of the anc refusing to provide arv 's to the people that you are supposed to be looking after .
@dollycent lmao of course !
i used to be a boobs guy but i grew up .
lol , asian gay guys are too girly , i suppose .
all the creams in europe could not cure my infamous testicle rash that i have had since the 70 ’s
it 's too late to be an april fool 's joke .
though it does involve a fool in april .
trump 's idea of negotiating is to bellow and bully .
but , sadly , north korea is headed by the asian version of donald trump , complete with goofy hair and bad acting career .
trump is no truman .
truman sacked macarthur when that general disobeyed orders and brought china into the war on the opposing side .
trump would do well to reread the history of the korean war , but i doubt he 's ever read a book . (
he 's certainly never written one . )
perhaps the rumours are true and trump is considering resigning .
when he urges flynn cut a deal , perhaps he 's projecting and hoping that congress will grant him and his family immunity if he resigns .
whatever the case , i 'm not sure why america elected this idiot .
however , stephen king apparently knows .
and it 's a very funny story over at the guardian .
somebody better tell the asians and indians that they are too dumb to grasp all those heady math concepts !
surely , an intelligent person would n't take this idiot prof too seriously ....
sexual assault creates jobs ?
do tell .
russell did three tours in afghanistan and iraq .
he was taught that the solution to disagreement is through violence , and that asians and persons of islamic beliefs are bad or evil , and are in some twisted way a threat to our country .
since leaving the military he suffered a serious head / brain injury , and is under the care of the veterans administration .
these facts do not excuse his racist outrage , but somewhat explain how he came to be the tormented individual that he is .
nope it will become the prime directive of the aclu .
they are staffing up in alaska .
i do n't think the writer of this piece of shit knows what a " white savior complex " is if the jackass did know what it meant he would realize he used it incorrectly , also asians are pretty damn white so using a pathetic virtue signal like that is does n't apply here , stop cowtowing to the far left you little bitch you 're white stop self hating just because people have told you to .
if you review a film review the damn film do n't review society you virtue signaling cunt .
in case you did nt know i fucking hate logan paul he clearly didn ’ t learn anything after the shitshow from last year
i ve been working on my fucking process portfolio since 2 am and it 's fucking 6 am now rip
my god i posted a lot of nicholas sparks quotes on my facebook 9 years ago .. what was happening in 2008 ?
they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 

 # roymoore # alfranken
do you think the thai coach will be arrested for child endangerment ?
or just the kids for missing so much work ?
i can not believe this can happen and that too in a temple .
jammu hindus can not do this .
i do nt believe in this verdict .
esp after shehla rashid and ilk started messing with this .
sanjiram was vocal about muslims usurping land .
something fishy ! !
pls hand over to cbi .
the markets are tanking as are the asian markets and the peso and most likely , european markets when they open .
trumpters , do n't count your p***ies , until they put out .
hilcorp and bp are producing oil and gas so taps stays open , thank goodness !
op , i will pray every day that your dick falls off in public .
find his fat ass on the closest golf course that does n't allow minorities .
the smarter white persians suffering the consequences their dumber fellows under islam ironically the average european white is being held down by their smarter fellows that are obsessed with virtue signaling and equality and their disdain for their own people
it should be deferred and thrown away , isolated incident , learn from the mistakes , do n't shove this down our throats ............
just another reason to turf these imbeciles from queens park .
maybe the cops who have been suspended on criminal charges and who are receiving a sunshine salary can assist in fixing this mess ..... or maybe they not .
might find them of the golf course now .
now back to the topic ..... a few years ago during a snaking line of cars approaching the 400 n i noticed a car approaching my rear , not slowing down so i braced myself .
bang , and this young asian lady with an open laptop on her lap looked angrily at me as though i caused the accident .
hours later after reporting to the collision center , i fumed about this ridiculous system .
this driver shold be off the road for a min period of 30 days and have a mandatory driving training , plus a huge increase in premiums .
i do nt care how much the lawyers make,,,,,,,if people cause accidents they should be off the road permanently .
and the medical mess is assesemnets is a joke and always have been .
must address this asap .
lots of problems ...
labour loves the free movement of peoples in europe except when it leads to brown people feelings getting hurt this street shitting raghead need a one way ticket back to which ever shit hole country he crawled out of
they are only being asked to decide if the executive symbol is considered the same as the national symbol .
i think you have to separate the two for clarity of protest .
the cop on the field or the flag .
dirty fucking street shitters have been finally put into their place a stench of mixed shit and garbage will be gone from r / cricket forever now .
ban me if you want to dirty pajeet but this is my alt and you ca n't do anything about it .
cry more dirty arab rape baby .
my family so fucking ghetto n slow i got ta dumb down what i be trying to say so they can understand 😂 😂 😂 i love them
thought it 'd be okay to watch @mikeekhoury snapchat before my lecture started and instead 300 people heard him yelling about titties
truth sometimes hurts , but that does not make what you were trying to say wrong or worth a conversation.caring for women 's sport does not make you transphobic.if we lose the ability to have conversation we lose the ability to think.the problem i see here is the trans communities inability to have a intelligent conversation on the said arguement which i see as problem.it is especially confounding to me that the atheist community is not willing to have this conversation either which is a bit religious.keep up the good work steven .
there are not any jew signatures on our declaration of independence those subversive babylonian blood sucking serpent seed kenite vampires are not out founding fathers posterity .
they are not our brethren .
they are christ killers .
they are anti - christ .
every black person wash off the toothbrush , apply toothpaste and then wet the toothpaste before brushing url
the art shown above reminds me of when i visited the california franciscan missions years ago and saw some of the crude , extremely bloody ( some might say gruesome ) religious artwork the people made hundreds of years ago .
the thought that struck me then was that the harder the life of the people , the more intensely they relate to the image of the suffering christ .
people need to make sense of their pain and the fact that death is their daily reality .
they need to know that god is with them in their suffering .
i think that 's also why ash wednesday resonates so deeply , even for those who never otherwise darken the door of a church .
there 's something about that stark reminder of mortality that feeds the soul , especially for those of us living in a contemporary culture that sells us a lot of soothing lies about perpetual youth and vitality .
" fdr , and others ( e.g. , churchill ) , thought the japanese had rational leadership which could be deterred . "
lol .
the entire world in the 1930 's was a fascist swamp with more and less vicious fascist countries everywhere .
japan 's emperor was pure evil .
japan was one big fascist cult of war   with a racist superiority complex , the aristocrats demanding god - like authority over their subordinates .
and the western countries were almost as bad .
gays , women , ethnic folks , jews , indigenous people , chinese , french - canadians - all were mistreated as second class citizens at best , jailed as criminals at worst .
life was very nice for middle class white folks , sure .
but canada and the world was a fascist swamp .
it was only a matter of time before the alligators , crocs , snakes , and others attacked one another .
i get this sinking feeling this year is going to be a wild ride
the only quote missing is " i do n't care how much it costs , i will save the state money ... " by the governor .
+ christophersmith588 misogynist .
i hate our society .
sensitive bunch a cunts .
get over it .
i hate to sound racist , but i think it 's because we have so many chinese students here .
these diseases all originate from pigs in china .
ugly ass chinese chink ass fuck ward
dom fat ass will buy me food just to eat it i really fucking hate it here
england women scoring in the last minute of that netball competition to win gold is the greatest sporting moment in history
somebody should do a reverse catfish 
 incel goes on tinder and tries to match with any girl , if the incel ever happens to match , send chad over to meet up with her and record the reaction .
< user > her phases have now included scene jack skellington which she shaved her head for hello kitty lesbian trans straight basic goth atheist and now basic white religious bitch
if this post gets 100 upcels by sunday , i will nofap and gymcel on the monday 
 lol if this actually happens .
and it only white countries forced to diversify black brown countries never do you do not see the un jew arabs forcing whites into mexico south america or any islamic countries north korea china japan they can stay as slant as they fucking want but white peaceful countries we need diversity fuck that
the rcmp ca nt or wo nt bust the established large growers , like ha
the atma contained in me used to occupy the body of oskar schindler there are nine thousand schindler jews who are only going to procreate i will not go near jews or israel until it aspires to or manifests a level of love prevalent at camp echo lake
taking advantage of gwai lo is not free trade .
when you have weak leaders like obama , trudeau and wynne the chinese can fool these lightweights and call it free trade .
that stopped yesterday .
so , alladin has a mostly arab cast .
mulan , from this , has a mostly asian cast .
yet ariel , a danish created character , is black .
why could n't mulan be a trans man ?
holy shit another chink at virginia tech was planning a possible mass shooting wtf is up with the asians at virginia tech
" @sad_magic_heir " " humans can eat grass , but not recommended . " "
fuck that i m a grass eater and i m guna stay one "
as opposed to the borrow and no bid repubs ?
tell a itty bitty bitch pipe down
unfortunately away from home , but love finding the online community :) have been craving a real life queer muslim community the last little bit .
thanks for making us smile :)
< user > kill yourself o 🙄
normal it does n't matter if you are black , yellow or normal i hate all of you ....
" " " there are officers around here yet they 're not doing their job ... but hey , that 's not my business . " "
sips tea while walking away . "
theresa may wants to remain in the eu attacking russia attacking america by arresting brittany two huge deals could now be in jeopardy i hope the russians or the arabs get may
@kingyredronnie another religious crack pot
wow she is beautiful and a wn , i like her seig heil salute we need more women like this , she is very beautiful indeed .
asians have a weird thing where they will read the protocols and then decide to teach their kids aggadata from the talmud
wow she is beautiful and a wn , i like her seig heil salute we need more women like this , she is very beautiful indeed .
muslims slaughter escaped cow - slit its throat in home depot parking lot / freaking savages .
what 's next ! ?
url
women are giving you more attention because they mistook the sexual dating market with the actual dating market .
in these days , most women chase the top 20 % of guys in their young days to fuck with and then come back to guys like you to get children and settle down .
you have to ask yourself if you are fine with a deal like that .
the only reason why they are with you is because you can provide for them , they do nt love you .
its up to you to decide if that is enough .
the us did more damage to japan than any of these countries .
japan seems perfectly pleasant these days .
want to know why these countries suck ?
their geography is shit and their people support corrupt governments .
one reason why we # wearorange is to honor members of the lgbtq+ community who are disproportionately affected by gun violence and create a future where no one is targeted for who they are or who they love . #
pridemonth url
i guess if your iq is about 65,you rule the world ( see : trump , donald),and that includes the music industry .
i could n't care less about taylor swift ( except that she shares her birthday , dec.13,with ferguson jenkins , who happens to be my cousin),but i believe she 's a bigoted , though ( sort of)talented airhead who uses token women of colour in her " squad " to advance her brand and deflect likely well - deserved charges of prejudice .
( i could n't image her ever having a black , asian or first nations boyfriend .
she 's essentially the tammy wynette of this generation . )
maybe you should stop spinning dreidels and freebasing pennies while you larp as some paki thot
not to forget zuma selling our fishing rights and many industries to the chinese ( wonder how much that kickback was worth ) .
but i agree , it is time to take our country back .
unfortunately , reversing the racism sowed by the zupta club must be the first step since we can only do it together , all us " stupid africans " of whichever race .
to put it bluntly , the war on christmas has been led by jewish organizations , financed by jewish financiers , fought in the courts by jewish lawyers , and lobbied in government , by jewish influence .
underlying the whole campaign is the jewish owned media .
extremist jews who make up less than three percent of the population have prevailed over the wishes of 90 percent of the american people .
i could and would be glad to list literally 100 's of examples to back up what i said or i could start listing them until you are n't able to deny the truth of it .
the jews have been at war with christianity for 3,000 years .
they have been fighting against christmas and public displays of the cross and nativity scenes for 200 years .
this is n't a matter of opinion it 's a matter of fact .
take for example the 25 year battle over the mt. soledad cross ... complete with 2 trips to the us supreme court ... who were the plaintiffs ? :
jewish war veterans ; more ?
5th wave feminism .
nsfl url
can someone dm or comment if tbe entire color thing os just a prank , seem kinda extremely racist and sensitive for a dark joke reddit , and this is coming from a left leaning hispanic dude .
uh ah diversity ah uh innovation hubs uh ah irregular crossings
geez how dare this straight white male want to be involved in his community try to make a difference when there are actual genderfluid trans am quad demisphere poc willing to bitch about how they are not given enough
you are the enemy within .
your comment proves it .
i saw this porno once where the black guy had a nicer butt than the white bitch he was beating on not me
your point is both very valid and completely void in my mind .
i understand why people might think this way , but in my mind it 's really backwards considering the fact that both men and women should be equal in a modern society .
it 's not that women should have better rights for a time to make up for lost rights historically , it 's more that we should just work towards a point where everyone is just judged on their own merits .
does n't really matter if you are male or female in my mind , some people do some things better than others , regardless of the genitals .
behold , incelbros : i 'm cucking the enemy !
" @doctorgriffin6 -- away . " "
down here we can never be sure , i 'm afraid , " " he said , brushing a strand of hair behind abby 's ear .
his lips -- "
take a look at that sign fighting for women of all genders no there is only < number > female gender
end ur life u lil pussy bich i am massive ur a little twig to me my friend how does it feel to be a lil pussy foh biatch
it 's supposed to snow thursday ?
is this a fucking joke ?
i do n't need any pill x !
i 'm perfectly fine but from the comments you 've been posting seems like you could use some professional help for sure .
seriously go get some help ; no one will even notice you missing !
< user > < user > a friend of mine is the stereotypical southern redneck racist tm he also a good guy he does not want to be around blacks and does not want them around him this only extends to his personal life he works with blacks no problem
never had a car full of asians threaten to murder me over a minor traffic incident caused by their failure to understand the basic rules of the road
well , i 've been hoping for decades that raquel welch would show up at my door in lingerie , ready to boogy .
alas , no luck .
@solidarity386 shut the fuck up kike i 'm an islamic art posting page you degenerate
the simple fact of the matter is that if every incel in this sub was an 8+/10 male , this sub would n't exist 
 there 's simply no way around it .
proud to see the leader of our little country samoa leading the way for equality confronting this issue of transgenderism in female sports where many are fearful to 🇼 🇸 🇼 🇸 🇼 🇸 url
you tell a nigga that we just fucking he hit me with the so when u become my bitch boy what 🙄
so here something i have had a hunch about so i have yet to really look into in their plan after white have been all but extinct seeing as they d be the last civilized group left they d go after the asians next
@amandafuriasse @atomiccabaret so seeing women on here , and seeing poc and woc and esp black and indigenous women celebrate milestones or support missing goals or failing forward , that all helps break through systems and reframe who academics are , who belongs in stem
any actual source for your claim about the debt obama added being more than all others combined ?
funny how you claim that obama after 8 years had no affect on stocks yet trump after only a few weeks has had one .
any chance you can see the logical error there ?
no color , no heart , no nature , and completely out of human scale ... this shapeless dead memorial to the mediocrity of modern office park and airport construction will inspire nothing -- and certainly nobody who is forced to work within it .
are n't you building a better relationship with said god in hopes his plan for you is salvation ?
i am seriously asking - i grew up catholic until i decided church is not for me ( at age 14 ) but recently i started having a lot of discussion about religion and motivations behind praising particular god .
they are obviously trying to dehumanize anyone that disagrees with them so they can feel justified in committing acts of violence against them they do not realize they are gearing up to fight people who have no such need for a justification like that to have some fun with fisticuffs
@ghafooramafoora @anis_farooqui indians ca nt disguise themselves for few hours to be civilised human being soon enough unka filthy mind aur gutter mouth saamnay aa jata hai
people asians ca nt rap < user > hold my fanny pack
< user > sweden from what i have been seeing it is pretty bad i think up to < number > police consider quitting because they can not cope a politician from beirut said sweden was worse than beirut a somalian immigrant wanted to return home somalia was safer than sweden he said
there was some fucking tea spilled at work today i thought two girls were gon na fight
what future considerations ?
the liberal posters here like to tell us that trudeau is here for 12 years .
i am going through the grieving process with my os during commercial break went to the nfl thursday night game i am not gay or a fashion consultant but these uniforms make this game unwatchable
when you think about it , avatar aang is kinda like my dad he ran away when i needed him the most
where are the niggas that suck pussy ?
url
watch this ted talk to see how one guy in germany followed a similar thread relating to his cell phone records .
it paints an extremely worrying picture : https://www.ted.com/talks/malte_spitz_your_phone_company_is_watching
we read your first post moon howler .
what you seem to miss is that the tardiness of his response does not pass the smell test .
he needed to make that statement in the first place instead of the totally couched comment he did make .
i do n't know if he secretly supports these groups or if he just needs their votes ?
but , either way , he is on the wrong side of a story ....... again .
kim jong un is a chink magnet
you all taking harassment to another level out here
are you sure that photo above was taken during mass ?
it looks more like it came from the annual arm wrestling championship in petaluma .
😊
go jack your dick to cartoon drawings while crying about thots and unironically advocating white sharia on 4chan , you weeb degenerate .
meanwhile , i 'll be watching [ captain marvel](url for the 50th time while stroking my bbc in a respectful non - offending feminist chad - esque manner to [ rey](url you cornball ass strong woman hating ass goof .
every now and then the answer is busch beer in a can .
he was a nigerian immigrant allie .
nice try but you fail again .
i only feel immense sorrow for the poor keiki you brainwash in your public school classroom with libtard propaganda .
women are attracted to ambition and money nothing else .
any last words ?
judge : got anything else you ’d like to say ?
criminal : i just have one thing to say .
if you truly are what you eat , then i ’m an innocent man !
i cried , for the first time , today ...
ahhh ... no .
check out the un definition of a child soldier to which canada was a participating member .
definition of a child soldier 

 a child associated with an armed force or armed group refers to any person below 18 years of age who is , or who has been , recruited or used by an armed force or armed group in any capacity , including but not limited to children , boys and girls , used as fighters , cooks , porters , spies or for sexual purposes .
( source : paris principles on the involvement of children in armed conflict 2007 ) 

 khadr was 15 at the time of his capture .
any profession of allegiance should n't even be considered .
the fact that canada signed up to this definition while khadr was in custody and did nothing to rectify it is why he is now being awarded $ 10 mil .
who wants to fuck the chick with the dick ?
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
go get honor killed by your shitskin parents you ugly thot
i am not american but if that helps fighting sexism and patriarchy i appreciate it .
language is powerful and shapes how people view things so that makes sense .
a perfect example of a defensive , defenceman , great little player on a good chicago team that should have won , if not for   a greater defenceman bobby orr , at least two cups in his time .
sara , did you follow the link ?
even cupich does not deny the church 's objective teaching of sin .
what do you call an american rice cooker ?
a falling nuke
" @timfederle @justinmclachlan retweet if you have n't said the phrase " " president hillary clinton " " aloud since the election "
hi , just joined the forums and looking forward to joining in the discussions with fellow white nationalists and having some interesting debates , good to be here amongst friends thewhitewolf88
you 're not very bright , are you ?
heard about the increases to military spending ?
did n't hear about trump 's campaign pledges to curtail the epa ?
and finally , private vouchers for schools is good , as most people know .
tcby with these hoes & # 128149 ; || @arabellaann @jackireininga http://t.co/auvqnogvdy
i like how they 're all queers
sorry mr. watts , your knowledge of history is rather lame .
specially when you do n't even know the difference between white people and chinese people .
read some real books if you please , not fantasy comic books .
voices on the front lines showing that you are also sick of the division , hatred & racist agendas are driving this killing train !
to see black , brown , asian faces is only sending the us & them message !
if it 's not a we message then it will continue !
white bitches can not tell the difference between cornrows and braids
do not be overcome by evil , but overcome evil with good .
and no one should forget the paki family collection of data on < number > democrats in the house their voting records and associations need to be front and center
< user > it seems to me that the only qualification to be an american yellow journalist on cnn or msnbc is to either be a man hating bull dyke like christianne amanpour who refuses to suck dick or a woman hating faggot who loves sucking dick like anderson cooper
what 's missing is a statement ( freely and easily available ) from the accused .
and then you refer to " looks " with no examination of charges , and pell 's response .
no data .
no evidence .
that 's the level of rationality we have today :   looks guilty .
i was talkin to deepak he a curry nignog streetpooper i do not even remember where the conversation with it started lol
most common racist quote " i 'm not racist "   " where s my black at " " laziness is a trait in blacks""they are rapists its part of their culture " " the japs“blood coming out of her wherever , ” this mans a joke all the poor republicans had to do was pick a fairly sane rational moderate republican , and they would have won .
instead they picked an orange racist clown , who by all accounts has been a misogynistic horrible example of what the human race is capable of in its desire for power , money , and a bigger phallus .
i assume we have the concept that those who are themselves not in a ple might be willing to invest in one .
shut up hapa nigger
as a good obedient liberal , i blame this all on harper !
the most disgusting aliens ever to hit the earth , they are responsible for 500 years of slavery , genocides , apartheid , dispossession , separation , racism , discrimination , global warming , and more .
url
what 's the best thing ... about reposting the same joke over and over again ?
seriously , not a joke .
stop it .
a study has found that lesbian couples are twice as likely to divorce as heterosexual couples hardly surprising it not hard to walk out the door when there two locks and no key
i am probably just over thinking it since the white rabbit graph rothchild copter thing marines at langley tick tock monday
< user > ya lil bitch it too late for sum mf milk n cookies faggot 🤣 nigga was a real fool
i am really starting to see why people in other countries ( i.e. europe ) hate americans ...
stay strong taiwan !
shoot down those chinese pieces of shit , if they dare to invade .
china makes up all kinds of bull shit claims .
i personally boycott anything chinese made here in the u.s.
bpd 911 dispatch : narcoticsoutside | 1800 e lafayette av | fri , apr 7th 2017 , 12:41 am | medium | p170970076
defends sand niggers defends north korea top fucking kek drink the punch and kys already lol
everyone wins when we build equity and inclusion into every facet of society .
@bloomberg chairman peter grauer is proud to support and appear in # thischangeseverythingfilm .
watch the groundbreaking documentary on gender equality in hollywood on 7/22 : url url
honestly , what century are these people living in ?
herman - this is n't to be an advertising medium ( domestikgoddez , professional meddler , 555 -555 - 5555 ) 
  but thanks for the pics -(better not have downloaded some crude on my puter - like i need more people doing that ) .
great pics ! ! !
i lived out past triangle lake for several years .. one note .. kelly 's store in swisshome .. didn't look like the people who owned the store .
mr kelly was asian or filipino or ?
but he stood out in that area for being " different " .
and the store stunk !
as did the walton store - i knew someone that had clerked in walton in the 60 's as a kid , he was dead on with a .22 and the stories he told about shooting rats made you laugh in the sick humor way .
mid sale , someone says " rat ! "
and points , .
john , rifle always in hand in the mornings for just this reason , takes aim,,waits for a clean shot and plugs the little turd .
finishes with the customer and cleans up .
i still get the willys - 
   but thanks again . -
it 's this stuff we forget as we get older ...
yep they have become the party representing muslims blacks asians queers and any other undesirable element in our society not the working man they have taken this once great country well and truly down the toilet sorry to say but it has become a shit hole
@fuck_u_im_shy i 'm saying it 's very exclusive when the point of the flag is to be more inclusive .
i know american gays seem to think they 're the center of the universe but the rest of the world exists .
fuck yess a nice white lady with a brown man
lllll alaska jack wrote , " i would only note that the men and women of the alaska air national guard did indeed participate in the responses to both hurricane harvey and hurricane irma . "
.
thanks , i knew that , press releases went out early on .
but the article seems to indicate that 80 ak guard personal will be stationed in the " middle east " for 4 months .
how many of our guard are on 4 month assignment in pr ?
did he do anything secretly ?
that is the difference .
no one is concerned about open comments unless they are untruthful .
" just read the comments to this post " 
 there are four posts at this time .
henry made a simple statement .
thor thinks trump made some errors , but then blames the media and the democrats , so he 's singing your tune .
i doubt you think your comment is anything except erudite , insightful , and sophisticated .
that leaves my comment .
please show us where i am being crude , foul , or obscene ?
and , believe me , when it comes to barack obama or hillary clinton , conservatives on this website can be just as crude , foul , or obscene , so do n't be so superior .
what ’s the difference between a nigger and a chink ?
only one is hung .
.@neilsillar alam mo ba that i 'm so glad you opened up to me cause i always maoy to you and ily huhu ! ! ! & #
128155 ;
agreed .
whites are horrible .
they are just horrible and evil . -
blacks and muslims should flee white countries immediately and live among their own .
only this will save the oppressed blacks and muslims .
wow that nothing but plain facts no one is named no violence appears twitter just hates you and wants you dead or at least not speaking at all they truly are bad
although i am in makkah preparing for hajj , my prayers and thoughts are with the muslims of kashmir .
ominous news from the hindutva regime that does not bode well for anyone .
allah help the people of kashmir during these terrifying times .
# kashmir
hello allan ross , 

 dude , the liberals own this , they are the ones giving birth to this disaster .
sorry , pal , but when your team pushes the policy , they own it .
you know , kinda like george w 's republicans owned the toppling of saddam ?
does n't make a whiff of difference what other party 's members get pulled along for the ride , it ai n't their baby .
if you want the interview then you provide the person .
he is not asking you to talk to him you are asking him to talk to you .
you are just determined to be mad young lady in this clip .
it does n't matter what this guy says you 've already decided that he 's some sort of sexist pig and must therefore pay for whatever atrocities you believe has been done to you .
i understand that this guy just wanted to protect himself and for that you 're going to infer that he 's some sort of bad person .
well f * * * that that 's just stupid !
i had a call from one of these scammers about microsoft windows .
i did everything he told me to do & kept him on the line for 7 minutes plus .
the only thing he did n't know was that my computer was in the other room & was not on .
i played so dumb the caller started getting angry with me & i told him i did n't like that tone of voice , so if he keeps talking like that i 'll hang up , he toned down his attitude & after talking a little while longer , he called an associate to take over .
it went on & on ( me playing dumb & him trying to scam me ) , he got so frustrated with me , he asked me if i was black .
that 's when i told him what does race have to do with this ?
he finally hung up the phone & i thought how rude(not ) .
they never called me back after that .
note : i am not black but asian .
the chinese hacked the opm personnel database 2 years ago , victimizing over 22 million federal employees and contractors by stealing our personal information .
the obama administration is incompetent and this is just another example of their stupidity .
disagree .
could be half asian , native american , or hispanic , not necessarily caucasian .
must be the half black part that you ca n't tolerate .
< user > also rouge is lesbian
once time when i was at work , a fellow ( really nice guy ) was commenting on the fact that 70 journalists had died the previous year , covering the various wars we humans are so good at engaging in .
he said , " i do n't know why these people do it ! "
i replied , " they need to tell the world what happened . "
bless them .
< user > < user > maybe the ones from shithole countries but he may have called them just in case they forgot he called them that in the first place
if you sat down and thought of what america would look like with 40 - 50 million blacks in a state or territory of their own ... some of you say " that would just make it easier for him to bomb us ! "
did n't i just tell you of our backup ? #
farrakhan # noisundays
whatever white people do asians do nt have to follow
pride parade is for everyone .
it 's a celebration of who you are and what you like .
that includes the straighto spaghettos
make as well make smoking cigarettes racist too since tobacco is considered our most holy medicine .
we 're also supposed to burn tabacoo at the end of smudging as a thanks to the spirits .
i doubt many people burning sage is also burning cigarettes at the end while making war whoops
tell a itty bitty bitch pipe down
twatter is dominated by the regressive left who deal in emotion not logic multiculturalism is a cancer that has brought down civilizations throughout history on gab it okay to be white and okay to speak freely
i am al for equality i hit my son just as hard as my daughter with my belt
his blood alcohol level was .08.6 he should not have had that last glass of champagne birthday toast he would have been under the limit of .08
< user > we learned our lesson the first yr the demanazis courts will not happen again
three times !
wow !
now .
let 's see if you will use my quote when things like " trump " are utilized here .
and which countries are breeding out of control like there no tomorrow the red ones as well flooding the world with mentally retarded individuals but hey europeans stop having children in order to save the world
just because i do n't say it out loud , does n't mean i 'm clueless ; women always know .
we always find out.&#128578 ;
the wicked man earns deceptive wages , but he who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward .
-proverbs 11:18 m.c.a mavuria stephen
we all know nyc would never be the city that it is today without latinas in hardhats vaguely effeminate asian men and slavic women submitted to shar ia so sick of globalist propaganda and the anti european patriarchy subliminal programming mnyga maga
how ghetto do you have to be to steal from your friends
@_ohyoufrancyhuh he about to have a 3 some and donkey fuck the shit out of them .
fuck that gorilla if you getting pussy
great reporting s.a.   i guess no news is better than fake news .
no story here folks , let 's move along .
50 cent party pigfuckers are worse than cancer .
they also promote that chicom invented anti - white word ' beizhou ' which paints all white americans as lgbt+ degenerates and also try to divide and conquer us by spamming posts that say ' see , fellow caterpillars , the chicoms are our allies , they kill / imprison muslims ( and christians and falun gong and tibetans , but we will conveniently leave these groups out ) . '
url
do words such as consciousness , expansion , love , and freedom excite you ?
why ?
do you want to risk trump having the cia hack the voting software and changing   the vote here in canada to suit his conservative agenda ?
that 's it , when in doubt blame the russians .
they were being blamed for the wannacry hack last friday , now its n korea .
these are no more than conspiracy theories .
as far as ' hard brexit ' is concerned , the uk is a very big market for continental europe , we too can slap tariffs on imports from the eu .
bmw , vw , peugeot , renault , etc wo n't be too happy if a retaliatory import tax is levied upon their cars whilst japanese , chinese and other asians enjoy more favourable terms .
the same applies to french dairy produce , spanish fruit and vegetables .
it is in the eu 's interest to hang on to its uk market .
i do n't think we will lose our financial services either and no longer shackled by eu rules we can make ourselves very attractive to foreign investors .
the greatest gain will be taking back control over our borders and who we let in rather than being dictated to by unelected bureaucrats in brussels : parliament will once again be our supreme legislature .
we have nearly 15x as many people as you and even those with minimal incomes make more than your middle class .
the majority of the people in your country are descendants of uneducated penal colonists ... surrounded by a desert and unruly creatures enhanced by island gigantism .
you live in a shithole .
stop acting like you 're better than everyone else .
although i am in makkah preparing for hajj , my prayers and thoughts are with the muslims of kashmir .
ominous news from the hindutva regime that does not bode well for anyone .
allah help the people of kashmir during these terrifying times .
# kashmir
" ... the cardinal - designate said the first step in sharing the pope 's consistent message of mercy is to reflect on how we have been recipients of mercy in our own lives . "
that to me is key , and it is one aspect of the year of mercy that i think has not been emphasized enough .
extending authentic mercy to others must begin with recognizing our own brokenness .
otherwise our " mercy " can too easily become self - righteous and condescending .
that 's why , i believe , some of the best and most pastoral priests i 've known have been recovering alcoholics .
their ability to stay grounded in their own ongoing need for healing gives them the grace to be agents of healing in the lives of others .
i think it 's best if white men looked after white women in our schools .
he was a punahou student and has the hawaiian spirit .
most hawaiians out here are not hawaiian by any means .
they are mostly asian and/or white and show it .
we do n't blame them though
< user > porch monkey
india is one nasty , dirty , filthy , germsy , lawless country .
according to this story , the two swedes were outnumbered , and the video only showed the final few seconds .
let them hoes be greatrt @keyawnagallatin : y'all bitches be really reaching for the side - titty look
this is a horrifying thread .
skin color is not what defines us .
but if you hate someone due to the color of their skin , it certainly defines you .
i hope all of us who feel otherwise will stand up against racist rhetoric and actions .
chrysler should have died a peaceful death years ago -- it is a zombie and the chinese should stay clear of it .
and the point being made is just who made up the difference between the two ?
by what standard ?
oh cheer up please we are talking jobs and a great canadian turnaround story ..... quantum security is coming and thank your lucky stars blackberry is at the fore front
and fuck ur waifu right in fron of you .
nope .
my happily married lesbian buddy / supervisor / boss is super cute .
i 've always wanted to # write a sandbox world inspired by soylent green .
it 'd take a * lot * of work to adapt it and build a worthwhile setting
i am al for equality i hit my son just as hard as my daughter with my belt
the cbc is now reporting exactly which rebel group burned the buses that were to evacuate civilians : 

 " the opposition 's britain - based syrian observatory for human rights said the al - qaeda - affiliated fatah al - sham front was behind sunday 's assault on the buses .
the insurgent group had been dragging its feet over approving the evacuation deal . " -
cbc 

 let 's clarify a couple of points here .
the syrian observatory for human rights is pro - rebel .
the same report said that the buses were destroyed in fighting between fatah al - sham and a syrian rebel faction .
as was the case in east aleppo , idlib province is largely controlled by the hard - line islamic terrorist group fatah al - sham . (
it was formerly called al - nusra front , and a couple of other names before that . )
intermingled with those terrorists are some actual syrian rebel groups .
sometimes they work together , sometimes they fight each other .
either way , they 're clearly not a suitable replacement for the syrian government .
will any democrat explain to me why you ca n't or wo n't differentiate between immigrants and illegals ?
currynigger and known race traitor < user > has now hit the force unfollow button on me < number > times in the last < number > hours this little freeway shitstain can not pull off even pretending to be pro speech it just wants to cut things into swiss cheese safespace hugboxes for it weakminded little self gab fam
do n't go out your way to stop my money from coming .
business is business but lines are made do n't cross them .
honestly love you so much conor & amp ; i wish i could get a cuddle off you ans you to tell me everything is going to be okay & # 128148;&#128148;&#128148;&#128148 ; @conorbrown27
the sad thing about gays in india is , their dicks and lives both see shit .
you are going to be labeled a nazi no matter what you do you have interest in european roots white culture white folk lore and white faiths you are a nazi to the jews no matter what you do
ever try diplomacy .
much less expensive than testing missiles and flying sorties off the coast of korea .
perhaps when we flattened their country and killed millions of them back in the fifties it made them a bit anxious .
oops , donald just happened to cut the state department budget by two thirds so forget about diplomacy .
well , bravo for the the arms dealers !
" remember , freedom is not free . "
quote by defense industry lobbyist ..
brennan is a vicious nasty muslim convert no act is too low for him
we can work together and look after each other which blacks ca nt .
we can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians ca nt .
doran 2009 - 97%/cook 2013 - 97 % /   the exact same flaw .
send out a study and remove all the ones that do n't fit and bingo 97 % .
i did not read all the studies or methods , do n't have time right now .
but the results of these two are less than 100 people out of over 10,000 = 97 % consensus in your book .
an invitation to participate in the survey 
 was sent to 10,257 earth scientists . /
published more than 50 % of 
 their recent peer - reviewed papers on the 
 subject of climate change ( 79 individuals 
 in total ) .
of these specialists , 96.2 % 
 ( 76 of 79 ) answered “ risen ” to question 1 
 and 97.4 % ( 75 of 77 ) answered yes 4 

 the 97 % argument is exposed as fraudulent once again .
( cont ) i also know that any efforts to address these issues by addressing the availability of firearms are met with strong , and usually successful , opposition .
i do know that there will likely be no meaningful changes in laws , policies or valuies   which will make it appreciably more difficult for disturbed individuals to obtain firearms .
i do know that mass shootings are now just a " part " of american life today .
...... and , finally , i do n't know just what we can do about it ...   gary crum
agree with all that you are saying .
but prison is really expensive .
so is drug treatment .
charles is right that it 's all fine to talk about dealing with crime , but if the legislators are n't going to find the money to fund it , it 's all hot air .
< user > < user > < user > < user > really a very good decision plz try to add more muslim countries so that wo can become true muslim brothers
i 'll buy sears for the right price .
violence may well start when someone calls another * fag .
name calling is not meant as endearment .
calling a guy afag is not to promote positive intetaction .
the fact is thatfag and a few other choice references to gay sex are intended as put - downs .
should we go along in our ignorant bliss because that 's what we learned , we may as well go back to the terms of endearment for blacks , germans , jews , japanese and chinese .
i find you to be a tiresome asole and i say that with the utmost admiration , obviously .
i always thought that nailing chicks age < number > when you are in early 3 0 is like an accomplishment minus the gook part but not casting aspersions
what do you call it when a racist deepthroats a korean ?
gobbledygook .
there is freedom of navigation near california ... it 's not a backward , totalitarian police state like china .
genocidal chinese imperialists out of tibet !
happy statehood day !
boo to the star - advertiser for burying any mention of it to the second comment in today 's mini - editorials .
and boo to governor ige for not issuing a celebratory proclamation like cayetano did .
see " hawaii statehood -- a brief history of the struggle to achieve statehood , and current challenges " 
 http://www.angelfire.com/hi2/hawaiiansovereignty/statehoodhistandcurr.html 
 also " hawaii statehood -- straightening out the history - twisters .
a historical narrative defending the legitimacy of the revolution of 1893 , the annexation of 1898 , and the statehood vote of 1959 " at 
 http://www.angelfire.com/big09a/statehoodhistuntwistedfull.html
murdered by kim jong un : 
 2017 
 five senior officials | state security department 
     why : issued ' false ' reports 
     date : feb. 26 , 2017 
     method : anti - aircraft guns 
 kim jong nam | half - brother of kim jong un 
     why : perceived as threat to kim 
     date : feb. 13 , 2017 
     method : assassinated with chemical nerve agent 
 2016 
 ri yong jin | education ministry official 
     why : showed disrespect to kim 
     date : august 2016 
     method : anti - aircraft gun 
 hwang min | agricultural official 
     why : challenged kim 's leadership 
     date : august 2016 
     method : anti - aircraft gun 
 kim yong jin | vice premier of education 
     why : showed disrespect to kim 
     date : july 2016 
     method : firing squad 
 gen. ri yong - gil | army chief of staff 
     why : corruption 
     date : february 2016 / unconfirmed 
     method : firing squad
there are some bloody north indians assholes throwing thrashing haphazardly in raja sear # madikeri # coorg
i got an anal probe by an alien he said it was a routine check but you ca nt trust these paki doctors
the only way shitlibs and kikes can believe this mandatory minimum sentences for whites is if they accept two false premises one that blacks are not innately more impulsively and stupidly violent than whites and two that blacks are not more depraved than whites in the perpetration of legally equivalent crimes
< user > < user > let me tell you something to stupid toad you want to talk about racism let us talk about the case of channon christian and christopher newsom in tennessee two white kids carjacked both raped tortured and murdered by < number > blacks it did not even make national news
i believe that you are correct that a separate payment went to the lawyers .
unfortunately , i ca n't find the link , but i recall reading that amounts were given to khadr   and his lawyers .
what 's gon na happen when the court sees the charlottesville driver did n't touch the girl who got killed until after she attacked the car with a club and smashed in the rear window with a blood - thirsty mob before the driver put the car in reverse . ?
i think courts call that self defence .
will it be like all peace , love and diversity singing kumbaya when the driver is found not guilty ?
every now and then the answer is busch beer in a can .
conservatives are gunna hate me for this but this is a terrorist attack .
done by a white male .
almost all of the mass shootings these 2 decades have been do n't by white males and people have the audacity to call arabs terrorists.smh maybe if some of you guys would look farther than the brim of your mega hat you would be able to see that arabs , hispanics , and african american males are n't the biggest problems here
jewtube is pushing the royal wedding so hard i do nt give a rats behinders if some royal prince wants to muddy his bloodline england is fuct up with paki rape gangs but forget about that there s a royal wedding high pitched girl squeels puke
damn those chinese and their fake news about global warming .
i knew it .
fine .
but it has to work all ways .
no asian can every play a role designed for a non asian .
no woman can ever play a role designed for a man and vice versa .
and why stop there : no woman can ever write from the male perspective .
no one can every write what non immigrants , or old immigrants ' feel ' about new immigrants .
no black person can every write anything depicting the thoughts or actions of a white person .
you see how ridiculous this all is ?
my drunk h2b just said zoras are basically like tuna , and that mermaids are just small dolphins with faces & # 128580 ;
you are confusing jews with whites again
ugly ass chinese chink ass fuck ward
just bought my mum tickets to see take that that she went on about wanting to go to allll weekend and bless her she 's so excited & # 128586 ;
he 's not a founding father .
as to the " boat people " association with your vietnamese name , it 's kind of ridiculous too , given that it happened almost 40 years ago .
your picture is tiny , but were you even born then ?
do you feel the need for " lessons " * now regarding what your elders did or did not do ? ?
fwiw , except for native americans ( my left leg and some internal organs , i figure ) everyone else here is originally from some kind of damn boat .
and the earliest native population came by boat down the west coast from asian land bridges .
i digress .
does this historical information make any dent in the disrespect / categorization that comes across in using the term " boat people " ?
of course it does not .
it sucks and it feels slimy .
it puts up walls .
so where does the ' lesson go ' ?
in the crapper .
lumping people together by race / nationality is obsolete .
period .
your own subtitle 
 " curators of the show use gallery admission as a lesson in privilege and race " shows their failed ' logic ' .
i still hope to see the art !
< user > as if only eating pussy is what makes someone a lesbian
bitches act like a nigga do not got feelings
golden lesbian !
why do n't they interview the young black lady who defended in the france game so well .
i think espn is a trump hating racist bunch of faggots .
.@neilsillar alam mo ba that i 'm so glad you opened up to me cause i always maoy to you and ily huhu ! ! ! & #
128155 ;
anti trump protesters set us flag alight during portland march so disgusting men and women risk there lifes fighting under this flag every day go fucking move to mexico or north korea if you do not like democracy or go to germany and get raped and then realise how fortunate you are
just goes to show you how psychotic these girls are in their " party years . "
if you want to be with me , then i do n't want to be with you and vice versa lol .
endless amount of mind games and shit tests to gauge whether you are desperate or needy/ have other options .
i 'm going through something similar with a plate , even though we just met .
ca n't even continue when the girl is already shit testing and applying dread game to see if i 'll chase lol .
funny how everyone wants to come to white nations though is n't it !
i mean mexico for mexicans , india for indians , china for chinese , japan for japanese , me for arabs but white nations for everyone ? ?
your anti white hatred shows ?
why come here if you do n't like music , pork , beer seeing women dressed normal , dogs ?
there is lots of room in the me for you .
oh i know why they come here , it 's for the welfare !
i do miss the old days of european migrants who worked their butts off and made this country great !
built this country , defended this country against that dictator you seem to associate us with .
you are anti white , please leave you are n't good enough for canadian values , why do n't we let smart hardworking latino 's or asians in ?
< user > he fully retarded she christian 😂
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > juanita broderick was raped so are you saying she was nt a victim
oh come on , what kind of asian are you ?
that s why you 're part of the team , to do the math .
two steps forward one step back .
it will take some time but eight years should be long enough .
what was that english lol that was one too many negatives in a sentence no i did not say you specifically lard ass i said women in general learn to read cleaely i can and you can not
saying rap music is ghetto culture and liking a tweet that factually states that gays can not reproduce is racism and homophobia 😂 😂 these snowflakes need jobs and families so they can learn what real work and real life is all about and stop creating drama where there is none
that fat fag needs to take a look in the mirror , he looks like a wm - af deranged hapa himself .
he should cut his face open and tear it after smashing that ugly mug into the mirror .
then his white ass gets raped in an alley by tyrones and gets injected with some african dna into his cuckasoid genes .
this kind of thuggishness and bullying is reminiscent of the bush years .
this underlines the fact that this kind of crude jingoism is particular to the republican party , a group of thugs who are unfit to govern .
however , this will only backfire .
trump 's bullying ca n't work now , when the us is far weaker than it was under bush and when trump himself is seeking to disengage with the world .
even better , china is waiting in the wings , more than happy and ready to step up and take global leadership from the us .
it 's fascinating to watch the trump people shoot themselves in the head .
the 3 billion that the us contributes to the un is chump change for the chinese .
i hope that china does take advantage of this opportunity .
cult orange agents could n't find a thing .
they will have to charge her with innocence .
law & disorder : ' missing ' toddler found in gym bag jacksonville police looking for a missing toddler found the child alive but stuffed in a gym bag locked in the back of a car .
i see the chaos too . '
great changes ' seem to always begin with strife and turmoil .
when we also have a dominant media , that over the coarse of said time , has become more tabloid , dwelling on contrived sensationalism , innuendo , and flat out photomontage propaganda disguised as entertainment , then the turmoil thickens and the needed changes seem to get farther away , instead of within reach .
i say let it play out .
there is now more energy from the general american public that is demanding the changes .
the dirge of politically hoodwinking the public into thinking everything ingested by us from the status quo of the two - party format , thus excepted , must end .
but it will have to be transformed .
i believe the transformation has only just started .
i tip my hat to all who are working hard for it .
< user > 😂 😂 😂 😂 i took one from this white dude and i had one of my own ion use em no more since niggas been dying and shit
london police arrest two men in connection with the london terrorist bombing 

 one , 18 yrs old 

 one , 21 yrs old 

 wo n't tell us who / what they are , but i can just about tell you who / what they aren't 

 white / european 
 british 
 native londoners 
 iq above room temperature 
 self - sufficient 

 any takers at 10:1 ?

i wish her well and admire her courage .
recently completed my first round trip on the dalton .
my truck took beating as did my dog and i.   as for the truckers that passed ( all thousand of them it seemed ) , the vast majority acted very professionally .
when a truck approached head on , if there was time and no one behind me , i would slow down and even pull off if able .
when the approaching truck saw that i was yielding to them , they often slowed a little as well and seemed to do what they could to not " rock me . "
once when i pulled off the shoulder to view something , a trucker even stopped his rig to ask if i needed help .
i view the " haul road " as their road , upon which i am a guest .
i respect the willingness of a bicycler to get really out there into alaska , but it seems   too dangerous ( rocks to the face , lack of emergency care , world 's hungriest mosquitos , almost nowhere for repairs if needed) ... but on the other hand , some of the most beautiful views in this most beautiful state .
that 's something else i 'd like to see changed - a law requiring crown corps to run on a break even basis , after putting some aside for rainy days , and no " dividends " to government .
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide .
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white .
@metroflora homosexuals let me hear you make some noise !
this insulation fire sounds eerily similar to the cladding fire on the dubai hotel on new years eve a couple of years ago .
rapping the sissy fag url
i eat child specifically gay child because i hate gay people
he forgot to add to the end , " on top of your x+1 crotch goblins from x different soyboy mangina cucks . "
he 's russian mob , she was addicted to some drug .
she did n't pay enough or any other of a numerous reasons the mob offs people .
if the us ever thought that terrorists were more easily accessing canada in order to cross into the us , public sentiment there for a more open border would vanish .
is nt this the same guy who got caught overbilling on his moving expenses ? (
fraud ) if it is it should come as no surprise that he is jacking wages for a pal ( corruption ) - wonder what the kick - back is for a prominent position on behalf of the librano govt ?
the fish rots from the head down so looks like the celebrity spokesman for the country should be implicated in this mess too - but oh i forgot he is too busy stonewalling about his perceived lack of ethics on a xmas trip is nt he - but i can hear the libranos supporters now - they are better than cons - suborning criminal behaviour and activity seems to in a librano 's dna and that of their supporters
< user > why does everyone look miserable been watching some of the wider conference and they all look really bored and fed up serious question
< user > i figured it i was gay i get so mad at incels yet i feel identified with them i hate this lol
is your dog oriental , too ?
why do aspirins work ?
cause they 're white .
stop sucking that fatass ' dick , you niggerloving kike
" progressive " is a belief in the progression of money and resources from those who work to those who ( often by choice ) do n't . "
progressive " also describes the state of constantly testing the boundaries of our morals and ethics .
we may have small dicks , but at least we are not fuckin ' racist .
never heard of him but i love what he says .
sounds like our guy .
a tip to the 18 top 39 group .
you ( can ) control all hawaii elections if you would just come together .
you are a voting majority and a sizable one .
wrong
do you think we are too negative to feminism in general ?
bitches always worrying about me cough cough < user > dumb hoe
undocumented immigrants ca n't get citizenship within " a matter of minutes . "
they have to go through a process that takes at least 5 years if you 're lucky & up to 20 + years , if you even get the chance , you ignorant , clown ass motherfucker 🤡 url
why was there a wet dog in the chinese restaurant ?
because they were boiling it .
" this is not a scientific poll " 

 understatement of the century ....
them - don't you dare objectify us ! !
​ also them - gets publicly naked as much as fucking possible .
men get off to us .
we do n't want acceptance from them .
their acceptance is fetishization .
so do n't say that lesbians have it easy or have it all .
and you 're right .
we are the l in lgbt and we still .
we still .
do not get representation .
twatter is dominated by the regressive left who deal in emotion not logic multiculturalism is a cancer that has brought down civilizations throughout history on gab it okay to be white and okay to speak freely
i really like mcwhorter 's perspectives on race in the usa .
came across this vid myself about a month ago and shared it around .
i really like coleman hughes also - url hopefully the views that the these gentleman have will start to catch on .
thanks for donating $ 70 k into the parks service , mr. trump .
it almost helps us forget that you want to gut the interior dept by $ 2bil .
natural gas pipelines in coastal states is so .. 20th century .
see : lng tankers ; global heating .
first reparations , now glorifying violence ... that s the radical left for ya
what beliefs .
the one where when there was absolutely no chance of the president signing a bill so he did the popular thing and voted to repeal   the aca , because he new it would get him re - elected , or when he changed his vote which resulted in him becoming a liar .
let me know when you determine which it is .
< number > school lang < number > since gr < number > ko < number > yeah sauna < number > no < number > moving up nila < number > idk < number > purple < number > ❓ ❓ < number > ching chong < number > none < number > idk < number > no < number > me < number > no < number > no fave i will send u a name
two who grew up and were radicalized when the previous government was in power perhaps ?
give me your tired , your poor , your religious nutcases , your criminals ... the wretched refuse of your teeming shore ... and finally allow europe to be subjected to the moronic whims of this wretched refuse .
i do n't think the writer of this piece of shit knows what a " white savior complex " is if the jackass did know what it meant he would realize he used it incorrectly , also asians are pretty damn white so using a pathetic virtue signal like that is does n't apply here , stop cowtowing to the far left you little bitch you 're white stop self hating just because people have told you to .
if you review a film review the damn film do n't review society you virtue signaling cunt .
< user > thank god no more of that chinaman and protea favourite tabraiz shamsi
* hoes that are n't mad
i m still going trick or treating .
that s free munchies bitch
he should be barred from treating whites with all their sweet sweet paid up insurance money to the ghetto with you ching chong bing bong next china is a near homogeneous country that is working hard to ethnically cleanse its minorities this unit has no right tell an actually free country anything
lol now i m worried i will post my dressing up as bts albums pics and someone is gon na bash me for being muslim and posting my outfit
i think they 're not white and do nt belong in white nations .
< user > is a creative external processor of emotions queer black tweeter and meme connoisseur from england matthias works to create a safe space for everyone to feel that they are not alone and that their experiences are valid he also enjoys getting rather silly
it 's actually chinese scientists who are making hydrogen bombs in north korea .
north korea is not capable of developing such powerful bombs .
china will backstab usa in case war breaks out in between us and north korea .
if north korea was able to make such bombs then shri lanka , nepal , philippines , malaysia , vietnam , pakistan , everybody will be doing it .
even though sanctions have been passed against north korea , china would continue to provide for north korea through smuggling across the border .
china wants to destroy america in fact , not north korea .
kim john un is nothing but a dumb   alcoholic .
china is the mastermind of all this
" hate crime " is a federal law so now it 's time , as proven by recent events , to make the false reporting of hate crimes punishable by the same sentencing as an actual hate crime .
@thejusticedept @realdonaldtrump chop chop ! !
arabs are so privileged and entitled it embarassing we are like the white people of the islamic world
if these migrants were muslims or chinese trudeau would not have told them to follow the proper channels .
that fat fag needs to take a look in the mirror , he looks like a wm - af deranged hapa himself .
he should cut his face open and tear it after smashing that ugly mug into the mirror .
then his white ass gets raped in an alley by tyrones and gets injected with some african dna into his cuckasoid genes .
any actual source for your claim about the debt obama added being more than all others combined ?
funny how you claim that obama after 8 years had no affect on stocks yet trump after only a few weeks has had one .
any chance you can see the logical error there ?
the flaw in a skills based immigration system is self evident ne asians are on average pretty smart they can maintain respectably civilized societies by mimicry skills based immigration taken to its logical conclusion means white america had better be happy with < number > billion chinese colonizers
daily < number > women are raped in nepal everyday the same land were women are worshipped as goddess 😢 😑 peace
@saddestspiral yup yup amen gay baby boomers fuck off challenge
bitches act like a nigga do not got feelings
this article skirts around the real issues .
while it is true that the lowest income " blacks " and " asians " are doing poorly economically , black females from africa and non - muslim asians are both doing better than whites .
infact , the most educated and highest income females in the uk are from africa and the most educated and highest income males are of indian origin .
west indian blacks and asian muslims are doing poorly both academically and economically , and in the case of such blacks also highly overrepresented in criminal behaviour .
since african females and asian indians do so well , it is n't an issue with racism but rather the culture / religious background of the individual .
naturally i would n't expect shaista aziz to take responsibility for that , better to blame the infidels , eh ?
actually , i believe that all of these companies are really screwed up making advances , esp whirl pool / kitchen aide .
still , the equipment allows for individuals to make replacements and more importantly , the company does a great job of handling either repairs or getting parts , esp .
old parts .
but , there is a lot of good ideas that can be done , which are not .
too bad .
niggas be wanting a solid bitch and do n't even be solid themselves 😂
" conservative leadership candidates just ca n’t resist that populist urge to promise to act like an autocrat . "
my oh my !
if you want to examine an autocrat , you need look no further than our own justin trudeau .
here 's a guy who wanted to change the electoral system to his advantage , shoved a healthcare deal down the throats of provinces without even meeting with them and just recently , tried to arbitrarily change the rules of parliament to his advantage .
read the charter .
rights are not absolute - the charter is wise enough to note that in some cases , social and national interest / benefits outweigh the right of an individual or group of individuals .
civil unrest to block the legal building of a pipeline might very well fall into that category .
how about protesting blocking the doors to abortion clinics - or harm - reduction centers .
i 'm sure people can add many items to the list where freedom of expression has its limits .
this is what they are building for the new asian australians that they are importing from china and who will ultimately vote first for socialism and then communism asians do not really buy a lot of houses because they are used to shanghai living
< url > < number > < number > of u states now have < number > or more immigrants and < number > states have over < number > immigrants as of < number > the u had < number > million legal illegal immigrants now it < number > million and growing by 1 m < number > m a year california is now < number > immigrant
the jehovah 's witnesses have always refuse to stand for the flag ; anthem or pledge .
they consider it to be making a religious idol .
it seems to me that for any other religion that they have a good point .
the flag is not supposed to be a religious idol for worship where not paying homage is treated as a heresy .
why would ccu support creating a religious idol ?
minorities do nt matter to them they re safe
if the japs are offended , then screw them .
they should have stayed away from pearl harbor . "
the highest rated comment on a very old and very racist bugs bunny cartoon shown on youtube .
7 	 macro , race 	 6 years ago
why did chinese warriors die so easily in battle ?
no matter how many protective garments they wear , there 's still a chink in the armor .
we should make a statue for the man who killed hitler
sorry , beautiful .
copying my same comment from another thread : yes this is pr move and we absolutely need this .
we are so backward compare to rest of the world in treating lgbtq people .
this is needed to spread awareness .
i ve been working on my fucking process portfolio since 2 am and it 's fucking 6 am now rip
yeah but white men are the worst .
the hard truth is that many minorities simply ca n't compete academically with asian and white students .
what most people do n't know is that the best predictor of success on the sat is race , not socioeconomic status .
even poor asian students fresh off the boat will routinely outperform wealthy blacks and hispanics .
this is n't racism .
it is what it is .
< user > ching chong your dog is gone
do n't really trust saudi but let them fight iran and not us .
when a nigga wanna take you out & spend time wit you > > , that 's my type
i think the chinese are all talk and in reality cowardly .
just ask japan .
this movie is ghetto
i was wondering if anyone else was having trouble accessing www.ireland-awake.tk ?
i click the click and all that comes up is a dottk registration page anyone help ?
no it was never a legit quality signal it was always a retarded scam
we may have small dicks , but at least we are not fuckin ' racist .
rt @lrihendry : pregnant s.e. cupp&#8217;s classic response to & # 8216;liberal dem&#8217 ; who calls her & # 8216;chunky&#8217 ; & # 8211 ; with bonus tweets http://t.co/u8nlywefio via&#8230 ;
those who want a hindi speaking nation , suggest you figure migration to pakistan .
urdu is closer to hindi than tamil or marathi is 😂 🤦 ‍ ♀ ️
what 's faster than the black guy stealing your car stereo ?
a black guy stealing your bike .
what 's faster than a black guy stealing your bike ?
an asian kid doing your math homework .
what 's faster than an asian kid doing your math homework ?
the arab flying a plane into a building .
one , most of your comments have no quantitative data - they have as much depth as trump 's tweets ( let me guess , you would have considered voting for him ? ) .
i am using numbers , and math is the most accurate science .
as for introspection , how does that take place without knowledge ?
half the people who make confident comments about a foreign country or culture have neither traveled there , or read much about that place .
the level of one dimensional thinking in north america is astounding .
in the last 15 years , i have seen two morons become the president of the usa .
because being dumb about the world is not seen as a disadvantage .
europeans , on the other hand , are better informed about the world ( through reading , travelling , etc ) and therefore elect less morons as their leaders .
asians revere education even more .
and indian pm ( narasimha rao ) in the 1990s could speak 15 languages .
i doubt a single us president has been able to .
someone on twitter brilliantly noted that we should name the gardiner expressway after mr. ford ;   after all , it 's a crack riddled threat to the city .
what do you do when you see an indian shitting in the washroom ?
you put him back on the streets .
that 's where those curries belong too .
betting that the marching cubes tables for those corners - as was the ability to just wander whereever
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
@209_design @sairasameerarao because irrelevant hate filled self described indian american woman like @sairasameerarao dosen't get fuged .
probably why she 's an irrelevant hate filled indian american racist bigot . #
trump2020 # maga # kag
nope , this only happens in delhi .
all delhites are pieces of shit and scum of the india .
what the fuck is going on 
 i have n't been here for a month now , why is the front page filled with selfies ?
pretty sad is n't it when the best thing you can do for children is keep them out of their own homes for as long as possible during the day .
why was there a wet dog in the chinese restaurant ?
because they were boiling it .
biggest inspiration rn is @russdiemon hands down .
goes to show how far being yourself can get you .
☝
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide !
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
you chinky eyes piece of shit
end ur life u lil pussy bich i am massive ur a little twig to me my friend how does it feel to be a lil pussy foh biatch
the numbers i heard about were that < number > million jews were killed but also < number > million others homos mentally retarded political foes etc
philippines is one sick country .
they do n't treat their sewage so pollute their seas .
birth control pills were invented 50 years ago .
by now their drugged urine has tricked down to their underground drinking water .
filipino women have the highest rate of mammary cancer in asian women .
there are too many people and not enough infrastructure to support their waste treatments .
do n't buy their food products .
let them sell to other countries .
maybe dump them in mindanao .
best way to kill them is to feed them their own food .
wrong those people are illegal aliens .
screw the showers and screw the phone calls .
go back to your countries or keep on stinking .
maybe , but china tends to do these tests with their own political prisoners .
it 's not like them to let something outside of their borders until it 's time for an actual attack .
this * could * be putin / russia .
there have been some harsh diplomatic exchanges and expulsions in the past few months .
russia has more capability in this area than people give them credit for .
@fbrak @grahamanelson @joswinson somewhere between the years of the third and fourth reich 😬 .
back when london was n't a shithole , thousands of girls were n't raped by scum , we did n't need ram bars around every market place , when bobbies did n't have to be armed with machine guns .
before unlimited immigration .
do hoes still wear body spray cause these new hoes be musty
no need for hateful comments but how are jews not white people
what 's the difference between spiders and ticks i ca n't force spiders to live in my brain .
you 're married ? !
we assassinated osama bin laden ; he had never been ' charged with a crime ' .
we assassinated the us citizens who were responsible for the ' shoe bomber ' and ups bombing attempts ; they had never been ' charged with a crime ' .
there are still lots of people out there who would cheer if hillary was jailed .
but now she 's really kinda irrelevant .
rat meat and vermin are also eaten by white americans living in the appalachian region .
commissioner stewart would never complain about the eating habits of white west virginians who regularly consume rats , raccoons and other animals and characterize the entire white race as vermin eating like he did with asians here .
yes you can go with her .
australians do n't require any visa to stay in nz for life .
your wife can wear a hijab and feel like a virtuous person .
url
mad i broke my wrist and i 'm broke as hell & amp ; i ca n't work bc if i could i would so be going to the master class in toronto&#128553 ; @makeupbymario
os pensais que vuestra mente kike me importa solo soys estupidos americanos de matar indios asquerosos
it should be deferred and thrown away , isolated incident , learn from the mistakes , do n't shove this down our throats ............
learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant .
it 's because you see white people very often , but asian people not that much .
so when someone is mixed race , your mind see this person more of an asian because she has an unusual face .
it would be the contrary in asia , they would think she 's more white because they do n't see white faces as much as asian faces
he has no demonstrated respect for particular veterans who ask for his help .
if he expects veterans to genuflect in front of him in order to gain his favor and assistance , then he should tell us .
period .
end of truthful statement .
weev talks about killing and raping white women < user > ‍ talks about putting gook women over white women was this shooter apart of the anti white women mgtow stormer
niggas are weird for cuffin shorties who cheated on they man with them 🤦 🏽‍ ♂ ️ 😭 🧐
" rt @bxtestana : " " i hate norma bates , she 's crazy " " you do n't even understand the character ?
look at her past and the hell she lived then shu … "
back to the hole where you came from .
you are a low born and do n't deserve to be among us .
fuck you and your elitist mentality you mongol fool .
punk ass bitch .
this bitch deserves to burn in hell .
uptown girl , but make it non - binary
mclaren is the disease that has infected modern western civilization : overindulged and entitled white women .
years of obama 's lack of testicles and putting men in the women 's washroom and years of advertising , sitcoms and media portraying men as idiots is now at an end with trump .
mclaren is a long list of globe writers toting the feminist line .
sorry , feminist is dehumanizing and i like many are tired of it .
enough of the man hating .
the disease ends now .
no wonder there will be less white people and more chinese , south asians and middle eastern people in canada - they have respect for women , something clearly modern western white women do not anymore .
are the thompson family so desperate for female readers of the globe that they force her to write this crap ( and yes they do tell them what to write - so much for media objectivity)\ 

 and leah you are not special just cause you are educated and have a job and your own money - many other women have that too .
get over yourself .
lol look at fucking sherlock 's homo over here .
hey , great sleuth work there faggot .
you seem smarter than the regular coon .
regardless , only a retarded nigger would make a comment like yours .
" us " is racist because it was made by a racist ( like you ): > peele revealed this during a talk at the upright citizens brigade theatre , according to the hollywood reporter , where he stated that he did n't see himself casting a " white dude " as a lead in his movies .
dumb goomba eat my asshole
this is what happens when you rely on ap .
yesterday 's news today .
flash flood warning til 3 am and more heavy rain and wind for tonight .
if you must drive , slow and steady for safety ☔ ️
@machine pork : 

 you make no comment about the various types of interference i listed .
i will take it that you , as a free market proponent , then oppose these measures .
ultimately , i think that removing all of that free money for real estate would have a pretty significant negative impact on pricing .
or maybe it 's not free market interference if it benefits you ?
regarding your assertions of an " 8 % cagr clip " , feel free to share your data .
it would be interesting to tabulate this value for time periods such as post - ww2 or the last 30 , 40 , and 50 years .
i think if you look in that range , you will see pretty plainly that nothing about the last dozen or so years resembles anything vancouver has seen in the preceding half century or more .
also , referring to " recent prices are lagging the trend " is a farcical assertion , as it shows you are just looking at the last few months and ignoring the reality that prices have quadrupled in about 16 years ( or doubled in about 5 years ) .
@caitkitten not everyone adds the i to lgbt .
intersex people have come forward and said they do not want to be / are not a part of the community , and that it is non - intersex people forcing them into the community
20 % of your country is immigrants actually , and that speaks a lot about how shit the place must be .
bunch of fucking rats packed into sardine can , disgusting amount of population density .
lmao if you really think you have enough time to save that sardine swamp .
and they brought their shops which means they make money of off you sardines , which means they are n't leaving .
and if demographics continue the way they are , they 'll fuck you and replace in 2 generations .
the story on drudge about bannon backing away from judge roy moore is # fakenews
i did not see any reliable sources , that connect leon trotski and lenin to the freemasons .
immoral ?
you mean like chinese parents drowning or starving their own daughters due to preference for males ?
you mean like chinese skinning animals alive and seemingly enjoying it ?
you mean like chinese government oppression of the wonderful tibetan people ?
you mean idiotic , superstitious beliefs about magic potions that have led many species to the brink of extinction ?
warped culture , warped minds .
and what 's with the chinese spitting everywhere ?
it 's another example of the grotesque culture .
btw there 's nothing " racist " about opposing a particular culture .
hackhampride yes sir !
no discrimination when it 's comes to getting illegals out .
includes asians , south americans , middle easterners , south africans , white europeans .
limousine libtards like the retarded asshole justin trudeau do not worry about who will move into their neighborhoods they have ways to keep out the same undesirables that they joyfully foist on ordinary people you can bet his children will never go to a public school with muslim students
ice raids sweep up < number > undocumented immigrants across mississippi the should arrest the employers like trump that hire illegals too
@nyrkelsmads 
 dat damn dog eats betta den most colored folk do .
who is the chinese labour markets arch nemesis ?
the one - child policy
why do asians and blacks hate roller coasters ?
because it goes chink , chink , chink , nigger nigger nigger
anybody on here ever tried dmt i would love to see what kind of high it would produce
i realized women just retarded they will never look at shit the way you do
scary area
real nigger me please
white bitches can not tell the difference between cornrows and braids
always late to the party but " yeah , me gay too " , my pronouns are she / her ( cis ) and i 'm a big ol' lumberjack lesbian .
i 've been in the con crowd for over a decade and cosplaying for a few years now .
i love to make props and cosplay white haired or dead ladies . #
lgbtcosplay url
look , if you think you 'll be happier i a religion , even one you only half believe , more power too you .
whatever makes you happy .
as long as you do n't hurt and judge or show bigotry towards anyone , or use your religion as an excuse to act like you 're better than someone , go for it .
it 's your life , life it how you want it .
also , did you post this r / exmuslim ?
this sub is great , but due to the demographics of reddit , the majority of us here and former christians .
you might get some more advice specific to your needs from some fellow exmuslims .
men get off to us .
we do n't want acceptance from them .
their acceptance is fetishization .
so do n't say that lesbians have it easy or have it all .
and you 're right .
we are the l in lgbt and we still .
we still .
do not get representation .
more clear evidence of white privilege .
whites must work harder to kill whites in order to eradicate this blatant example of bias and racial inequity .
and how about asians ?
they are killed at even a lower rate than either whites or blacks .
maybe that has something to do with fewer asian illegitimate births , a strong inter - generational asian family support structure , a desire to be well - educated and have a good job and stay out of trouble .
asians are much less likely than either whites or blacks to use hard drugs and engage in criminal behavior .
white privilege is very bad indeed , but asian privilege is even worse .
asians must abandon their successful life strategies so that there will be more racial equity in homicides , illegitimate births , criminal convictions , lack of educational achievements , and unsuccessful lives .
it 's just common sense .
conversely , if he had hung out in forums for antifa and blm looking for the same signs of ignorance ( means lack of knowledge ) , he would have found you .
what ’s the difference between caucasians and asians ?
caucasians have cauc
the worst and strange thing about this is gossip and calumny are sins , and there are more , but many are for the first time ever calling for moore to step aside when they have never called anyone else out , not even bill clinton , and have been silent on hollyrape .
linda :   regarding your implication that the court issued a friendship decision . . .
on the walls of the us supreme court are written the words of arguably the best justice to ever serve in that capacity .
i hope i get it right ( it 's been a long time since i was there and read it ) .
" if you came here looking for justice , you came to the wrong place .
this place is not about justice , it is about the law . "
that is how you can end up with perhaps the worst decision of the supreme court ever ( dred scott ) and how you end up with roe v wade ( although on it try with a middle of road court the vote was 5 - 4 , yet later with a conservative court the vote went 6 - 3 in favor ) .
the alaskan supreme court works the very same way .
they do not vote to make either friends or enemies , they vote for the law .
if you expect or demand justice , you are likely to be disappointed​ as they vote the law .
why ca n't asians get black ladies pregnant ?
ca n't get it passed the lips
deport them
i hate to sound racist , but i think it 's because we have so many chinese students here .
these diseases all originate from pigs in china .
that 's a pretty extremist view .
i 'll return with an extremist view .
south korea should make a deal with trump and receive lesser american military support to lower the cost for us .
in turn , they should get the right to nuclearize the country .
then sk can finish what us failed to do .
erase japan from the map through nuclear bombs .
it 's already a radioactive cesspool .
should end japan 's pitiful downfall and end its misery .
racist cunts like this should be killed , regardless of who they are or what race they are .
do n't like that hard truth ?
go fuck yourself .
same with the spineless little cunt mods that 'll ban me for speaking it .
well mr. evans , is it the case that asian - americans can not possibly have a complaint regarding civil rights violations ?
.
hypocrite .
yeah , raid beijing and take the fuckers out
i 'll bet that one in the red white & blue " bikini " fucks like a goddamn maniac .
it 's just really hard to find an indigenous asian female who 's transgendered lol
allergies acting up all over the place . & #
128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128546;&#128546;&#128546;&#128546 ; 1 hell of a career . #
thankyoutaker # wrestlemania # sidelinetalk
you have different last names on your driver licenses .
at our hotel , we do n't allow anyone to stay in the same hotel room unless they are married .
i 'm sorry ( not sorry ) but i don't blame him ! ! !
i see her side too , but white women started this .
this goes all the way back to slavery days .
not that i do n't support the me too movement or they do n't have a valid and warranted platform , but it 's a catch 22 situation .
it 's simple , do n't give anyone a reason or evidence to create a narrative against you .
white women want to be equal but they are always playing victim too and you ca n't have it both ways .
even in life , we no - muslims have no peace with in the incessant demands from muslims .
if you find canada so unpleasant , then the sensible solution is to .... 

 do the chinese want their own cemetery ?
why are muslims so unique .
< number > school lang < number > since gr < number > ko < number > yeah sauna < number > no < number > moving up nila < number > idk < number > purple < number > ❓ ❓ < number > ching chong < number > none < number > idk < number > no < number > me < number > no < number > no fave i will send u a name
chimmy ching chong great wall
it is clear that the city council does not want you to own a car .
i mean , if it 's good enough for new yorkers ( where a lot of them come from ) , it 's good enough for you .
nobody hates other whites like a white liberal .
it defies all logic and reason !
trump - it 's time !
@thesportsjudge .
sometimes a good hoe fire needs some rocephin too before it 'll go out .....
welcome to kirk mitchell 's pity party .
penultimate 

 a breath before surfacing 
 clinch , stiffen , pray 
 melting deep blue 
 stunning relaxation 
 quietly rejoining the sea
the factors leading people to move can be complex .
often the causes are multi - faceted .
migrants may move across international borders to improve their lives by finding work , or in some cases for education , family reunion , or other reasons .
people may also move to alleviate significant hardships that arise from natural disasters , famine , or extreme poverty .
those who leave their countries for these reasons would not usually be considered refugees under international law .
all media is inherently biased , but calling the adn of the past " conservative " is my first laugh of the morning .
dak prescott scored very high on the wunderlic test and lynch scored very low .
dak prescott played against well against the best players in college and lynch played against much weaker opponents .
dak prescott overcame the death of his mother while he was in college .
dak prescott not only got his bachelors degree in college but also his masters .
comparing dak prescott to paxton lynch is a disgrace .
fucking fuuuuming that i 'm on a drinking ban when the weathers like this i need a pint asap or am gunna commit
he is innocent .
leave shorty alone .
--
thank you for sharing that link cara !
hope you 're well .
maybe that is your problem you are excited by street fights with antifa and you think that in and of itself is a goal rather than promoting the white race and building a mass movement
i do n't understand how you actually have a round butt and big boobs .
i mean , you 're asian for crying out loud !
gallows sliding down that ramp like he 's sliding in to someone 's dm 's on that replay & # 128514 ; # wrestlemania
is it we are a global minority we already have a single mother gibs state that institutionalized cuckoldry why should they waste more resources on non whites wife up a white girl take care of your white kids this is not that difficult
thinking @iamwill must be furious as neither of his faves won , again !
he must have given up on the show now completely # thevoiceuk # thevoice
perhaps they realize people are waking up to the story and figure they should take their gains and quit while they are ahead .
my girlfriend and i are on ariana grande 's fucking instagram story i cant
bunch of cowards do this , whether it is against jews , muslims , sikhs , blacks , asians , indians , pakistani 's etc etc .
let them come out   and show their faces .
bunch of creeps .
do words such as consciousness , expansion , love , and freedom excite you ?
" so i get done telling me story and he like " " alright .... i 'm still gone whoop yo ass " " i just fucking crumbled . & #
128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; "
you tell a nigga that we just fucking he hit me with the so when u become my bitch boy what 🙄
every account i 've checked so far on these " russian bots " is a porn bot , has nothing to do with politics
chinese business at its corrupt and opaque best -- or rather worst !
@alejandro_bihhh lmaoooo hell naw bro i be up i have n't seen that hoe
why do you guys want to genocide whites lol 😂
kids will be the the goal of the left again in how normal transgenders are as if we did nt understand the part of the traveling kid that went to be showed off before politician 's ... that why spiceal e.d is for tho so they can have local help for there real gender understanding not family manipulation
example , please .
you must be one of the trump protesters , grow up ! !
you can still get a 4 % va loan if you are prior service active duty .
i did it on my last house .
but you actually have to succeed and get a good discharge .
if your drug or criminal history is such that you ca n't enlist , that was your choice .
staying in bed making kids instead of going to a job is n't ' work ' .
whatever it is , it should not be classified as brave .
impregnates multiple women through multiple marriages .
comes out , hero courageous .
there is nothing courageous about living a 60 year lie and then getting some tits stapled on your body and demanding everyone else to laud you and other mentally ill people .
it 's obviously much easier to take pot shots from the fringe rather than having to be accountable in the full light of day .
we best keep an eye on that one , just like we would any extremist .
the naacp the c is anti anglo whites color is color so is white the caucasians deserve to be equals
@ghafooramafoora @anis_farooqui indians ca nt disguise themselves for few hours to be civilised human being soon enough unka filthy mind aur gutter mouth saamnay aa jata hai
apparently today that ghetto culture i for one am utterly sanguine at our dysgenic future
hey mister mailman , do you duty !
here comes the lady with the african booty !
she can do the pom - poms she can do the splits .
most of all , she can kiss , kiss , kiss !
i 'd use that pussy , then your ass , and have you pull out my cum with your gagging throat .
are you that dumb ?
isis gone !
nice try arab boy !
سید فھیم حسین موسوی
i am not american but if that helps fighting sexism and patriarchy i appreciate it .
language is powerful and shapes how people view things so that makes sense .
you can read the charter all the way through and you will not find an exception for accused traitors , or accused terrorists , or anybody else .
the charter applies to everybody .
your assertion that " khadr gave up those rights " is a rejection of the charter , starting with the right to be presumed innocent until proven guilty .
you are one of the native - born canadians who does not accept the charter .
this is a complex issue with bits of truth on many sides .
in light of edwin coleman 's findings , the assertion that black students feel " unsafe " in the building , if true , suggests a serious educational flaw exacerbated by today 's negative emphasis on wrongs rather than rights ( as if victimized groups do n't have enough " real " issues to worry about ) .
ironically , universities ( with a few glaring exceptions - see donald trump 's perversion ) are supposedly established to discover and broadcast truth .
from that perspective , it would seem that keeping deady 's name on the hall could provide a valuable spring board for demonstrating how racism can be transformed into tolerance and positive social action - which is just what deady appears to have done in his lifetime .
if delivered , that lesson could go far toward alleviating black student 's concerns about entering the place and help to constructively recast campus dialogues for improving inter - group relations .
i can come ..... fck nooooo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i could ..... fck noooooo ! ! ! ! !
can you ... fckkk to da noooo ! ! ! !
# ap :   carolina panthers announce owner jerry richardson , dealing with a sexual misconduct investigation , will sell the team
@sairasameerarao no racist , they are coming in w diseases to kill americans .
u liberals are killing blacks w abortions
who thinks white people should marry white people and only white people ?
no , but it 's a very important step to equality .
welcome to kirk mitchell 's pity party .
when my crush does n't comment on my pictures : url
omg - compared to wynne 's liberals and the level of scandals , lies and corruption , i ca n't believe you expect anyone to take your comment seriously !
some white ppl called me a stupid nigger last night
this person is lgbt and so is the choir ( it was originally a " lesbian and gay " choir but we changed the name years ago to reflect that our group includes other identities as well ) .
@juliereichwein1 but ilhan omar 's anti jewish , anti american and violent anti trump rhetoric is okay .
are you asian gooks ?
first if your going to serve take your clothes off get naked so we know what were working with .
see if you 2 cunts can be useful
do you think we are too negative to feminism in general ?
if you sat down and thought of what america would look like with 40 - 50 million blacks in a state or territory of their own ... some of you say " that would just make it easier for him to bomb us ! "
did n't i just tell you of our backup ? #
farrakhan # noisundays
is it we are a global minority we already have a single mother gibs state that institutionalized cuckoldry why should they waste more resources on non whites wife up a white girl take care of your white kids this is not that difficult
i did read the details and you 're correct .
i did wonder as to why they gave it to him with the pending investigation ahead at the time .
what 's a chinese pirates favorite letter ?
l
“ folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be . ” ―
abraham lincoln
there s an old style weapon called a monkeys claw / fist that seamen would make from rope and lead shot .
< user > < user > < user > < user > imagine making fortnite references to insult someone i can tell ur a mad < number > year old that scams for accounts i hope ozzy gets raped by ur snobby carer
nazis have requested dan be put in a wheelchair so he can not get to women or the thermostat to knock them out
dirty fucking street shitters have been finally put into their place a stench of mixed shit and garbage will be gone from r / cricket forever now .
ban me if you want to dirty pajeet but this is my alt and you ca n't do anything about it .
cry more dirty arab rape baby .
seriously you are selling a fucking gook brew yuengling as americas oldest brewery gtfo generally i will readily admit that the usa is the greatest nation on god earth and that any other nation beats merkels germany bigtime but your beer feels looks smells and tastes like piss
current letters : u¹ e¹ e¹ n¹ i¹ n¹ e¹ ||| last word : inlets ||| round : 12/14 ||| highest score end of round 14 wins game .
why has stephen hawking ’s stopped playing hide and seek with his wife ?
because she keeps using a metal detector
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > yea do you think any of those guys know what race is 😂 😂 😂 you are projecting your obsession with white people onto others
you wanna get bikelocked wb bitch or a brain bleed like you gay asian butt boy lover fag
gary , you do n't seem to be concerned with hillary 's affect on the welfare of our country .
dude , racism is n't a bipolar criteria .
i know some racist old rich men who dates attractive women of color particularly asians yet yaps all over how other non - white races are inferior and a lot of disgusting ugly words about them .
how is this possible ?
racism is fueled by favoritism , need to win and beat other races sometimes by unfair and machiavellian ways , need for fragile external ego .
dating an attractive non - white woman would n't surprise me of trump .
also being nice to black people in front of their faces and not behind closed doors is a hallmark of two - faced snarky individuals .
there are racists that are less smart and others who know when being racist publicly would have costs .
imagine you were a racist white guy who walked up to a group of muscular black youth and told them they were n*ggers .
does n't necessarily prove he 's clearly a racist via proof but trump does n't speak against racism and reeks of hubris .
he 's not a founding father .
after recent events , united airlines are now switching business tactics .
they are now offering chinese takeout .
please stop !
i 'm laughing so hard at you it hurts .
my ' agree " reaction was erroneous .
i heartily disagree with your comments , especially the " no increase in hate crimes " bit .
talk about fake !
on cnn 's website it shows a video and he is definitely of african american descent .
funny how the rg does n't mention it .
do you think the thai coach will be arrested for child endangerment ?
or just the kids for missing so much work ?
why do japanese people never play bingo ?
they all disappear after they hear b-29
nj recognized gaps in current federal law , but in more than 30 states , lgbtq individuals can still be fired from their jobs , or evicted from their homes , because of who they are .
the equality act brings federal law into alignment with what we 've done in nj .
proud to vote yes 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 url
you sure trolled up a bunch of pitiful followers here kate .
your liberal disease is going to do nothing but harm to the clueless ; ; ai - you
[ not a joke ] i ’m not sure if this is some stupid fucking prank or what , but i ’d really like for this to not be the most retarded subreddit with the most idiotic mods on all of reddit .
first we ca n’t swear in a sub where pretty much every post is racist , sexist , or about pedophilia or incest .
then we have no fuckin choice but to swear .
fix your fucking sub or i , and probably a lot more people , will just make our way to the door and step over the big pile of shit which is this sub rn .

that sad , hound dog look on micche 's visage reflects his soul 's sadness at having to show fealty to campaign contributors over the welfare of his constituents .
this is the gop senators position in a nutshell : 

 " the income tax hits their donor class , " keithley said . "
that 's who they listen to . "
< user > crazy rich rich asians 😍 😍 😩
trans gay lesbian and bisexual / pansexual unite !
help support this person
it like < number > < number > points above american whites in japan and south korea tbh but this is what happens when hostile aliens control your country watch out if you are eyeing south korea though since the importation of jungle asians and poo in the loos is occurring on the downlow
it 's because you see white people very often , but asian people not that much .
so when someone is mixed race , your mind see this person more of an asian because she has an unusual face .
it would be the contrary in asia , they would think she 's more white because they do n't see white faces as much as asian faces
miss lindsey is john mccains boy toy miss lindsey is a demented faggot
i got ta say as a woman i love it and white boys can not get hired these days because of these cunt feminazi demanding diversity choosing shitskins over kin not that i want to see our men reduced to this but payback is a bitch
muslims should be treated like their counter parts in china ...... only way to control this epidemic of sick & diseased mentation ..... @asadowaisi url
man 1 : : " they ca n't tell you the location because your wife will probably end up there ! "
man 2 : : " haha , no , i 'm the one who 'll need to go there ! "
man 1 : : " yeah , that 's true ! "
two rich , older white men during a fundraiser for a domestic violence shelter for women and children .
we told them the location of the shelter could not be released for safety reasons after they asked .
made us ( two girls , one of whom is a survivor of abuse ) feel hopeless , powerless , and frustrated .
we did n't know how to tell them that jokes about domestic violence are inappropriate , especially at a fundraiser for a shelter .
< user > i am telling u black ppl not all stay making fun of asians i see it all the time
my dad came to hawaii in the mid 1930s because he did not want to be drafted into the japanese army .
one of his brothers did get drafted into the japanese army and died fighting the americans .
@palmerreport # moscowmitch and # trump , obvious siamese - twins joined - at - hip and in - league with russia , should be stripped of us citizenship and deported to moscow .
we have enough thuggish betrayers / terrorists without tolerating more in high - office .
enough , for god 's sake !
muslims slaughter escaped cow - slit its throat in home depot parking lot / freaking savages .
what 's next ! ?
url
lock this nigga up and quickly
harambe would not have wanted us to be incel 
 he did n't die for this shit 

 \#dicksoutforharambe
her pussy ca nt stop dripping cream with that black cock fucking her deep url
better than the ugly chinese or ugly south asian any day .
were the kardasians jenners raised to be coal burners or what i mean the mom married a crazy white man that thinks he s a lady you think she raised them not to like white guys
this is a temporary solution .
the real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
me ( asian girl at a concert ): : yeah , i 'm a research assistant for a professor , and i get paid minimum wage .
older white man in front of me ( takes a look at me ): : well you 're probably helping to cure cancer right ?
me : : no , that 's not what my professor does .
older white man : : oh , what does he do ?
me : : she is a feminist medieval scholar who researches french manuscripts from the middle ages .
yes , women can be scholars and no , not every asian is a scientist .
the gender gap is closing for asset managers — but people of color remain underrepresented compared to the larger industry and population , forcing firms to look beyond broad , binary classifications .
find a breakdown of company - specific data here : url url
* meets a hindi guy *   thinks the entire world speaks in hindi   me : bhai , you are still in your cow shed , wake up from your dream , your task for today is to lynch someone and vote for a terrorist url
there s dead silence fuck niggaas
my apologies , it was n't the pic who did the dodgy deals , it was the industrial development corporation or idc   that got hoodwinked into buying oakbay shares at inflated prices through prior purchases of oakbay by other gupta owned entities that gave the impression that oakbay was trading freely at that higher price .
praying praying is just getting down on your knees and pleasing jesus
no , but it 's a very important step to equality .
the dealers on main st .
are n't paying off the right people .
what should you do when an indian stops working ?
press the reset button
just bcos a person expresses an opinion about the insensitive ( pepsi ) it does n't mean they do n't also have a heart for the horrific ( syria ) .
are there any credible 3rd party analysts out there ?
i mean treb can only manipulate the market for so long ( and keep their silo of dirty information secret ) .
what happened to their court case ?
or , is it another case of a billion dollar financed industry against a hard working family ?
of course , no one to " blame "
trump addresses liberty university .
surprise , surprise !
i agree lisa , they only want these immigrants here for the low cost labor they can get out of them .
there is no other reason .
these people sound like very uneducated individuals .
sorry , but they 're an embarrassment to black people & make us look bad .
the plaintiff is an idiot ! ! ! !
she does n't realize she just made a stipulation ( probably a word she does n't know ) about damaging their property .
that 's basically snitching on yourself .
game was rigged from the start goy wake up .
americans genocided europeans in both world wars .
more than any other race in the history of the world .
all part of the plan .
enjoy your brown and black invaders .
america died in the early 1900s .
your just propping up a dead corpse .
return to your roots white man .
or die and be forgotten .
so i decided to play a game called " the game of life " and i got spawn killed by choosing to spawn as a first born female in " china " server
there are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc for a start teach our women to respect themselves .
no , he needs his gun to hug in bed with him
ww3 joke if we ever got into a war with the chinese i do n't think we 'd need camo outfits cause they ca nt see us either way .
y'all females so stupid , y' all rather fuck with the plug and catch a felony , record , and get y' all kids taking from y' all .
all behind a dumb ass nigga who ca n't even get a job at mcdonald 's sis ?
😂 dumbasses
these people are fucking filth .
and she no longer holds those beliefs .
tulsi grew up in a conservative family with religious father who was strongly anti - gay and of course she was influenced by that upbringing .
remember she was elected to the legislature at age 21 .
but she has grown and formed her own opinions which are opposite of her upbringing .
anyone ever change their mind about something as they grew older ?
and her voting record shows she is 100 % pro - gay rights . [
here 's her own explanation](url
not surprisingly , that is incorrect .
the us is not now , and never was , a democracy .
it is a representative republic .
if it were a democracy mrs. clinton would be the president of the united states as would have been al gore and samuel j. tilden .
fuck what this kike cunt has to say only thing she is good for is sticking a cock down her throat so she can not talk
how can the blackpill explain this?asian mongrel claimed a white femoid way out of his subhuman league
one fat man can change the world ... ... or just blow up japan .
defends sand niggers defends north korea top fucking kek drink the punch and kys already lol
kick out the niggers and spics too they are all bottom feeders compared to whites and asians
where was the little girl when the little boy arrived ?
everywhere .
babchoke :   " so , the avs think they 're mediocre ?
i invented mediocre !
do n't worry , leafs nation .
the $ 8 million you pay me is your ticket to the bottom . "
what 's the worst thing about being a chinese jew ?
you have to join your dog in the oven
me : : ( waiting in line to talk to my professor after class ) professor : : ( looks to another girl who also happens to be south asian american ) girl : : actually , she was before me in line .
me : : thanks !
so , i just wanted to talk to you about .... professor : : ( interrupts ) was n't that so nice of her ?
well i guess it makes sense since you both are basically from the same family ...
depressions a big ol bitch
i am sure there are plenty smart people that will work for trump .
the elitists need to exit the room and let real people run our government .
there are < number > million black kids in the us living in poverty and democrats still choose illegal immigrants first
why would anyone want to visit china ?
one big slum .
that 's why so many chinese are desperate to emigrate to canada , and why so many are buying homes here - so they have a safe place to flee to when the excrement hits the fan in china .
why are no canadians trying to emigrate to china ?
adoption by gay parents is not allowed .
trans people being judged by other folks on their own self assertion and needing to be certified .
gay relationships not solemnised .
same and equal benefits for non cis folks and non straight couples .
dom fat ass will buy me food just to eat it i really fucking hate it here
hopefully the french have learned some lessons by watching our trump debacle .
if you go to an island .. you do n't just go to the beach .
that 's fine too , but what 's important is seeing the people , the culture & amp ; lifestyle
tw asians to the girl that made fun of me for having small eyes it ’ funny how your dog disappeared the day after bethany 🥢
< user > dumb bitch said the n word then forgot she posted a selca that showed she was white then tried to come back and say she was joking
< user > please help us and help our children the lraqi refugees waiting in turkey standwithiraqirefugees
little asian whore gon na get assraped
a simple witch hunt .
watch and learn how incredibly intolerant and punitive the left can be .
that 's just like the argument we find on r / worldnews , where when we put the mars or moon mission , everyone was like - oh but why do n't you first stop shitting in your streets / raping women / killing all your lower - caste people / solving kashmir issue etc .
i just think everyone needs to know that many women poop during childbirth , and that 's totally okay .
sweden riot police forced to shoot at protestors as violence erupts yet pm is in denial express hotpagenews com r < number >
what do you call two mexicans playing basketball ?
juan on juan
trump tweets 
 canada should spend more money on education than on terrorists .
pm ca n't remember all the provinces .
why do asians and blacks hate roller coasters ?
because it goes chink , chink , chink , nigger nigger nigger
we seek to help clarify those policies and gain better enforcement , as well as provide users with the power to filter what they experience .
what on earth is the matter with this country ?
seriously , what is wrong with canada ?
for crying out loud , anybody can write or draw or paint about anything they want .
if a chinese canadian wants to write a short story about a jewish family facing bigotry in 1920s montreal , go for it .
if an inuit poet wants to write a sonnet about wasp bankers on bay street , go for it .
if an irish canadian wants to carve totem pole figures out of pine logs , go for it .
i have zero patience for any of this " cultural appropriation " nonsense , and i put the phrase in quotation marks to emphasize that it is nonsense .
sorry , folks , but the rights of others to free speech ought not be trumped by your capacity to whine .
and that 's all it is , the phrase " cultural appropriation " , it is a whining term that ought properly be rendered powerless .
cafeteria employee : : you work here ?
you look so young .
me : : i know , i get that a lot .
cafeteria employee : : it 's because you 're asian .
at a college , where i work as an instructor .
there is only one thing i 'm conceited about and that is my comebacks , i could roast anyone at any time
today is the dresden holocaust anniversary let us not forget those beautiful souls and bloodlines lost
< user > < user > < user > < user > the illegal alien in the white house needs to be deported along with her parents if she desires she many take her anchor baby with her as really he would be safer with her than the madman in the west wing
st. louis has a very boring # stlcards hashtag , but what in the hell does # thatscub even mean ?
twitter really be therapeutic fr yal niggers are hilarious in moments of sadness
if you hate someone for being chinese , are you ... chink - shaming ?
it is that whole thing about standard of living being the most important thing in peoples lives and what they strive for and base their self worth and the worth of others on that is a huge obstacle we need to overcome .
so , alladin has a mostly arab cast .
mulan , from this , has a mostly asian cast .
yet ariel , a danish created character , is black .
why could n't mulan be a trans man ?
no , we do n't .
up until the 60s homosexuality was n't singled out at all .
in fact for the whole of the middle ages , just about the only example i can think of homosexuals being targeted was the destruction of the knights templar by the catholic church , which itself seems to be a propaganda piece , and it 's not entirely clear they were some homosexual cult the church claimed they were .
you have a brief , maybe 30 years of response to a shift in culture , with no exact clarity what the next 30 years will look like .
there were about two hundred nut cases in that room .
they have nothing in common with trump supporters .
you are sadly misguided if you think those two hundred represent the over 62 million who voted for trump .
where 's your video of the black lives people marching chanting they want dead cops now ?
or the countless video 's of their supporters looting and destroying property ?
or how about the video of all those clinton and sanders supporters destroying property in portland because they are mad trump won ?
it 's very sad that you think those two hundred nuts are part of trumps supporters because they are not .
since you believe they are , it explains your insane left field comments .
regardless of what you believe , it 's over now .
trump is your president for the next four years .
you are going to be labeled a nazi no matter what you do you have interest in european roots white culture white folk lore and white faiths you are a nazi to the jews no matter what you do
you spineless retarded bug how daft are you about propaganda ideal is to strive for gtfo with your postmodern bullshit if i can not define it in precise language it not real
trans gay lesbian and bisexual / pansexual unite !
help support this person
why do white people have such a pleasant scent ?
so blind people can distinguish them from animals too .
i suspect they took them because a few of the guys behind were talking about how they had 7k rounds of.22 stocked .
as in premiums will go up even more .
you chinky eyes piece of shit
looks at avi you think white people not going to call you a nigger
< user > naseeruddinshah is right and should preach this to rohingya muslims who desperately seeking shelter in intolerant india
woman , in her 60s , white : : so , you played the piano because you 're asian !
me : : i think i played the piano because my parents are both concert pianists .
woman : : all asians play the piano , or the violin .
< user > < user > < user > < user > really a very good decision plz try to add more muslim countries so that wo can become true muslim brothers
one the chinese get there teeth into a country that s it they take over .
what do you call a korean guy walking his pet dog down the street ?
a vegetarian .
@l4mees just go join the taliban already you american hater .
go pick up a ak and do something about " u.s troops killing your people " since you hate the troops so much .
the chinese hacked the opm personnel database 2 years ago , victimizing over 22 million federal employees and contractors by stealing our personal information .
the obama administration is incompetent and this is just another example of their stupidity .
10 steps ahead of these niggas
my family so fucking ghetto n slow i got ta dumb down what i be trying to say so they can understand 😂 😂 😂 i love them
noobcel needs help 
 i only recently found this sub and finally identified with dating experiences ( more like the lack of them).can some of you help me get started , i already started swallowing blackpills left and right here
pan , to whom were you responding ? (
i think the isis connection has been debunked . )
rns it ai n't feel rite watching the bambaata scenes , the whole time i was looking 4 poppy and b. stinger # realniggaz
recommend me good books about islam islam and women thank you
white supremacy someone will take that rifle and shove it up his ass url
future was dominated by gender fluid machines .
one of them travelled in time to the past to save a mexican girl and bring social justice .
i want solitude .
i want to be isolated .
i want fucking lonliness . & #
128529 ;
having a dog on the table during dinner is n't acceptable .
unless you 're korean .
< user > no one will ever racially profile you for being white she says to all white people ever to live
perhaps they realize people are waking up to the story and figure they should take their gains and quit while they are ahead .
< user > < user > < user > so me
i know this cat breeder in china , he runs a nice restaurant on the side .
he 's drowning in customers , last i talked to him he 'd gotten his paws on alot of cash .
< user > bat ching chong
big smile on my face when i think about all the college snowflakes who were so close to banning free speech persecuting white males for being white and male popularizing feminism lesbianism and forwarding the end of times how suddenly shitty their lives must be speakfreely maga gab
well to be fair , the same thing can be said about me because i like weed .
only worse , because i can be arrested for it .
the morale to the story is , stfu about personal stuff when you 're trying to get a job , or get an apartment .
not being mean , there 's just no reason to disclose that information to potential assholes that can cost you your livelihood .
thank you tina ngata for this very insightful critique of disney 's moana .
tina provides an indigenous feminist critique of white feminism , an awareness of the consumption of disney 's plastic toys and its destruction of the moana ( ocean ) , and a clear explanation of disney 's colonization of pacific stories and storytelling .
by the way , disney 's lava monster / witch is problematic in so many levels .
disney " celebrates " one pacific female ( moana ) and simultaneously denigrates another pacific female ( pele ) .
really disney ?
multiculturalism is a gift , not a burden .
it should be embraced , not rejected .
the more culture we are exposed to , the more empathetic , compassionate and understanding we can become .
< user > ditto i do not know how white targeted retailers will stay in business once whites refuse to go out of fear i am not in the shoe industry but i would guess market research would show the market for rockport shoes amongst the ghetto folk to be less than robust
nobody wants to be near your disgusting paki butthole trust me maybe shit obsessed bugmen tho
what 's the difference between a porn actor and japan ?
the porn actor only gets blown once .
my gpa passing in dec has forced me to be a stronger person , was successful until last week when i lost t. today i … https://t.co/hp7wdlpcsb
maybe asians are less rapey , so no need for social justice .
playhits ♫ # teranyar @roxx_official - anthem || ► # bali w/ @riri_valter # roxx30thanthem cc md : @liazyx
if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes .
you are a non - white .
you might as well be fully mongol .
no , he was stopped because he was alone in a deserted railway station in the middle of the night .
highly suspicious , far from " routine " .
niggas acting like bitches
trudeau is mum in public , but behind closed doors he is praising allah for this great blessing upon omar .
it is awful look at world demographics asians are fucking everywhere another betrayal white genocide is real
call me homophobic but wearing shirts that proclaim your a daddy dom top or a hungry twink bottom is weird and you should not do that
i feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe .
" there are no suspicious funds being wired to trump bank accounts .
trump 's tax returns ( like romney 's and clinton 's ) are just going to be hundreds of pages of schedule c 's and form 1065 's , some of which will show losses . "
and you know this how exactly ?
in truth , until trump actually releases his tax returns you , along with everyone else , know nothing .
how much is too much ?
regarding overreaching of government regulation , you can not and will not ever be successful in legislating common sense !
trp is out on dvd and digital download -- discussion thread 
 buy or rent this movie to support the filmmaker .
given that china has a real issue with currency draining from china i would say that the bc move to tax the foreign , read chinese , purchasers was well received by the chinese officials .
my totally unfelt sympathy to the agents and developers who have been sucking off that teat for so long .
life sucks and welcome to reality .
bovine scatology .
actually , cowboys are specifically forbidden 
 https://beta.theglobeandmail.com/news/national/education/ontario-school-board-sends-out-checklist-for-culturally-sensitive-halloween-costumes/article36536328/
that 's just like people who buy fine chicks nice stuff and go out of they way for em and still get left in the friend zone .
she do n't owe you
how do you know where the local chinese restaurant is ?
you look for the area without any stray cats or dogs .
8 years of obama whitey got the blame for all our problems , when whity is gone , who will the idiots blame !
i do not see how anything he said against those 4 women are racist at all they all told out and out lies that is evil they say horrible things about our government and our president and our country sense all they can do is say hateful horrible things get out of my country sense you think it is so horrible here if you hate america so much leave
wholesome goodness , your moniker masks your xenophobia .
real estate has been bought and sold the world over by foreign nationals for centuries .
and as for laundering money , since when did that become a chinese monopoly ?
guess there is nothing purer than a white christian canadian of anglo - saxon heritage - we never take advantage of anybody or any situation .
if vancouver or other canadian " world class " cities like to pretend as such , they need to learn to accept the dynamics that come with the territory .
how many londoners , parisians or new yorkers are there who do n't struggle with housing prices .
not many is my guess .
this going for poc or what ?
that brown - jacket - nobody -meme is the most boring thing of this current year .
personally i would prefer to see chimps with rpgs move into the house next door than let more muslims have access to nuke technology people who think more muzzies with a bombs would be wonderful can explain themselves
whites wo n't exist in canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving canada to become a large ghetto
as compared to " rubbing one out " , much more common in here .
who would have thought my nigger ass would be eating some fucking california rolls lmao
if the spanish government did nothing to prevent the referendum they would have looked weak and ineffectual the catalan nationalists orchestrated today violence because they wanted to make themselves look like martyrs if they held a legal referendum like the scots did they would have lost
< user > a < number > yr muslims kid while crying 😥 😥 says to no to khatna 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
oh so i guess you never get fi read   sexalations 6 verse 9 " tho shall not full satisfy a woman once she has a man , because thoet will be sorryet when the women catch feelings " url
bill the redneck bought a diesel truck and then got in a fight before waking up to creepy ghost sounds
all of those things you list are personal reasons .
that s what a memeber of isis would say , you pakistani twat .
" the narrative of being a refugee has always been very strong in my family and so i 've been looking for ways to help " vancouver - based group @rainbowrefugee exemplifies just how welcoming canada truly is .
🇨 🇦 ❤ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜 🖱 url url
you failed to mention that polygamy is also a part of islam .
england women scoring in the last minute of that netball competition to win gold is the greatest sporting moment in history
failure to believe in god seems to me akin to a failure of imagination and higher consciousness .
i understand perfectly rejecting the church , not because of the ideology of jesus christ , but because religion was set up to control and limit the implications of true christianity , and later even injected spiritual paternalism and authoritarianism and cultural genocide of the multilateral spiritual world that existed before they declared and waged centuries of war upon it .
so why not just worship the great goddesses inanna or artemis ?
they 're pretty spiritually amazing , you know , and they stand for a lot of what we think makes civilization and culture and humanity worthwhile .
their wisdom and benevolence opposes the wickedness that despoiled western spiritual freedom in earnest starting 1700 years ago .
why atheism ?
why not pick up something old , older than abrahamism itself .
step back in time and recover the beauty that was wrongfully taken away by such extreme cultish exploitative men .
< user > ditto i do not know how white targeted retailers will stay in business once whites refuse to go out of fear i am not in the shoe industry but i would guess market research would show the market for rockport shoes amongst the ghetto folk to be less than robust
try not to stay in commute with her for about a month or two , then hit back hard .
she would probably have missed your company if you guys have n't talked to for a while and when you kino , she would respond .
as long as you seem different ( more confident , etc ) upon your return .
me love you long time .
a website that encourages affairs , shutdown by hackers [ x - post from /r / news ]
why did the carnival get a bad rep with the asian community ?
the bumper cars ride was called the asian driver experience
james johnson , primary scorer is such a breathtaking transformation .
outside of jokic , easy pick for most improved
obama and hillary still see the municipal police forces in the us as the number one threat to america .
she 's a mentally ill woman who needs to leave twitter
can someone report how much insurance will be discounted if you have a sprinkler system ?
the savings might offset the monthly loan payment used to install a sprinkler system .
you confused my hate for muslim jihadis and islam for my hate for peaceful ' muslims ' .
justin trudeau is the retarded asshole bastard son of fidel castro
@kevinmkruse @tinamorphis god even sends half ass lying preachers to hell .
just send this lying bastard your 10% ........ that 's why he 's lying his ass off .
he 's telling bigots what they want to hear for , money !
it does sound like you are a little over stocked .
you will need to keep right on top of the water changes to keep the ammonia down . [ ... ]
edited to add .... gravel vac at the same time and you kill the proverbial two birds with one stone .
if i can tell asians apart whites are pretty easy
just kicked my idiot sister and watched spring breakers i think i wanna become a drug dealer now i got a situation
i just think everyone needs to know that many women poop during childbirth , and that 's totally okay .
i 'm ready for the nukes send em on over china
i 'm not a teacher , but my cousin is .
he told me more and more of them are non - white every year and it 's fucking heartwarming .
this video just gave a nigga a heart , mr. smith you my nigga !
america needs more mass shootings .
that whole country should burn to the ground .
all jokes on this sub are copied good thing tho , now i can fap to each one twice
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide !
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
i do not understand why anyone would work for uber , at the end of the day , they are lucky if they have made six dollars an hour .
another wonder is why uber is losing billions every year , they have people drive their own cars , pay for all the gas , insurance , etc .
and they are not employees .
hop sing no jew yes but i bet they looked for a jew to play his part then came to conclusion we can not find a jew that will fit the role okay let us get a gook at minimum wage
honestly love you so much conor & amp ; i wish i could get a cuddle off you ans you to tell me everything is going to be okay & # 128148;&#128148;&#128148;&#128148 ; @conorbrown27
< user > lol what a stupid gook
hii @niallofficial , thank you for saving me and showing me the beautiful side of the & # 127757 ; follow me , please ?
i love you ❣ 115 , 887
they sure did and the irony of it all is they said they were doing it to prevent theft by criminals .
in my books the act of theft is what would make you a criminal
this patient is like x school is full of black people ghetto stop right there bitch self hating fuck you do not get a free pass to say racist shit because you are half black
if the fellow had stuck to the difference in flying transportation / tourists and possible earnings ?
yeah , maybe no issue .
he did not .
he doubled down with nasty stereotypes .
maybe some folks can gloss over that or add their own but in the end , the gent blew it .
fuck you and you 're stupid fucking love shit .
you would n't know love if it was a dildo that went up your fat fucking ass you god damn mongoloid .
it fills me with money but it does not fill my fucking bag .
epic is a bunch of mongoloids
clean all of it , cuck .
clean her messy pussy .
clean his big cock .
suck his balls .
lick her asshole .
this is your place .
do n't argue .
just do it . #
cuckold # hotwife # cuckoldcaptions # creampiecleanup # cumcleanup # pussyworship url
< user > < user > there ’ a lot of blatant racism and pure ignorance in this thread the ghetto
only japs are born with pixelated cunts like that .
the canadian government should just build every existing canadian a home which they can sell to a new chinese owner for a few million and then move somewhere else
the gender gap is closing for asset managers — but people of color remain underrepresented compared to the larger industry and population , forcing firms to look beyond broad , binary classifications .
find a breakdown of company - specific data here : url url
thank you and this is video i ' ve made for all of us after i made those for each ethnics : sons of europe - legacy - youtube only unity
i guess me and mine probably throw a bit of a curve in your math then do n't we ?
' may god protect us all ' 
 .
.
well , ask yourself why god would send it in the first place ? ....
i am really pissed off tho lmao i hate dirty bitches
notice how no one ever gives male gymnasts shit for being less flexible than female gymnasts , or says men ca n't play piccolo or some shit
excellent , excellent commentary .
thank you so much for serving this country and thank you very much for taking the years to obviously educate yourself .
mr. box you will be an incredible asset to whatever institution you choose to serve .
uaa is very lucky to have you ; you are likely enriching everyone 's perspective who comes into contact with you .
how does chinese people name their children ?
they throw them down the stairs and listens what sound they make
this is a great resource , but they have practically no pro - white books in their library .
i wish i was born as a simple field mouse and not this terribly medicated erratic all consuming homosexual trapped in a capitalist society
reminder that every poster on this sub must have a bad personality 
 because that 's completely logical right normans
a chinaman he forced to sell we got it for pennies on the dollar b noir detour
stop being gay
i 'm bi too .
i m older than i should be for this sub , but it took me over 6 years to come to terms with my sexuality , and finally decide to open up to a select few of my friends .
right now only 2 of my closest male friends know , and about 7 of my close female friends know .
it 's a lot easier opening up to girls as a guy , they are a lot more understanding of it .
but it isn't a white majority country .
that needle tipped 10 years ago .
you go back to where your lice ridden tuberculosis infected relatives came from .
lachy you gay at fornite lazerbeam then you even ali a boiii
what ’s the difference between an indian women and an indian cow ?
police will stop me from raping a cow ...
naturalization in early america was limited primarily to those who had been formed by western civilization especially since we had a problem with the muzzies in tripoli our way of life was informed by the universal principles of the declaration
another deceiver along the lines of the man he replaced .
i 've lost count of the many sf mods who wanted me to leave .
cucumbers soak with vinegar salt and black pepper 🤤
further historically people stayed away from asians because they were thought to be dangerous infected etc this had a lot to do with flu strains coming in through the spanish in philippines then chinese workers coming into california when borders were roughly open
lol , that chick from last night is still raging about me blocking her , i guess .
@stxrmbxrn you misunderstand .
what i am implying is why should gays , trans , or anyone for that matter care about some god says ?
he is n't real
bro i really hate that damn naruto op by kana boom now niggas used it way too much
as someone who lived in israel , this makes me nauseated !
john kerry is " swift boating " israel , as he leaves office in 22 days .. 

 secretary of state john kerry declared wednesday that israel : 
 " can either be jewish or democratic " but " it can not be both . "
you will never hear this administration say : 
 " you can either be muslim or peaceful , but you ca nt be both " !
not once did kerry mention hamas , or the fact that hamas is a terrorist organization .
hamas and all of gaza are not on board with kerry .
because they will never accept a two state solution .
they want all of israel !
kerry 's supposed negotiations have been with abbas .
abbas does not represent gaza , and he has no authority to make agreements .
this misadministration hates israel .
and they are trying to purposely / permanently hurt israel 's future .
prove that were not ... recent dna proves we are a different race than your asian counterparts ... 100 million murdered indigenous native lives later the slaughter wants to continue , caucasions nearly got the job done only 140,000 alaska natives left , why stop now your work is almost complete , albeit there are good caucasions that are welcome to stay ... we will help you , and we have .
< user > good they don ’ t deserve to get paid the < user > don ’ t do anything but help illegal aliens
@zaynbtstxt i do n't know if you 're lgbt or not but the way you 're defending him about this is pure stupidity it does not take a lot of energy to show sympathy even if he ca n't relate to her experiences .
it 's not her fault that she looks up to him and wants his support .
it 's really good to see that the people of northern ireland will not tolerate any $ hit or problems from foreigners .
affirmative action hurts asians the most , followed by whites .
if college admissions were completely race blind , it has been estimated that asian enrollment would increase 5x , white enrollment would increase slightly , and there would be almost no blacks , hispanics or indigenous people .
with natural resources tanking and the greens putting up roadblocks out west , combined with the frackers spanking us up here , we better let another million or two rich chinese investors into the market so the upgraders .
aka granite countertop peoplecan keep busy .
sorry to be the bearer of bad news folks , buts that s it in a nutshell .
our infrastructure , legacy costs to all of the public sector people have to be paid be someone ....... looks like the chinese will be successful afterall without firing a shot .
they are some smart race and we are soooooo stupid and naive .
it has been quoted by many people including me that the chinese are like the borg,,,,,consume and assimilate ... resistance if futile .
well we are toast with all the debt , riduculous home prices alike .
so who s going to keep the party going .... guess .
pass the shark fin soup please .
being a zipper head and a faggot must be trying plus your sore ass hole and throat
guess we yanks gave them a hel - uva attitude adjustment at hiroshima .
pause has anyone listened to the txt album i m listening right now and i its so goos lesbians help i m vibrating
take a lesson from hawaii .
while you may like your leaders , keeping older members of congress too long leads to a situation where the next generation has no seniority , power or respect from other members of congress .
... or " there " in spirit .
looks at avi you think white people not going to call you a nigger
i would never eat any food from china .
even wealthy chinese do not want produced in china food .
notwithstanding marriyum aurangzeb sahiba 's political standing in her own right , amongst the many positives that maryam nawaz brought to the pakistani political arena , bringing our female politicians to the centre - stage is one of the most notable ones . #
pakistanstandswithmaryam url
fucking done with people i need a dog to cuddle asap
how many old white guys setting their reputations on fire for trump have defended themselves with some variation on " we all die anyway ? "
i hope their grandchildren grow up knowing the hell world they 're tasked with fixing is because grandpa was an asshole .
" @zachsanderson do n't forget his " " generosity " " to a program he gutted by millions more than this amount . "
suggesting that dad stays home with his newborn for a while , gets me down voted in r / parenting
< user > from < number > m illegal aliens and < number > m dead people 🤡
the sad thing about gays in india is , their dicks and lives both see shit .
qbs who rack up yardage in garbage time are headed for the trash bin .
google blake bortles if you do n't believe me .
( i 'm not saying this is true of dak .
i 'm questioning your knowledge of nfl game plans ) .
please , sara fredericks new account , you are the angriest , most hate filled poster on this website .
stop creating new accounts when you get banned , they will just be banned again and again .
heterosexuals do such a parade , they would be cuffed and marched off to hm cells before one straight flag was flown 🤨 👇
i am aware that bringing toiletries on to planes is risky but if a paki wants to bring mouthwash and deodorant on board it a risk i am willing to take
@dytiaaurinh @terrynuriman @xemnenas that and how religion is always top priority than individual identity .
so even if you give all the scientific evidence and statistics , scripture from 1400 years ago will always win .
why couln't you just let me go this weekend .
when i said goodbye .
you wanted to pull me back and hurt me .
indians go to hell
" you will always be my son , " is exactly how my mother would handle it .
she said " you will always be catholic , " when i converted to judaism .
my advice is this : do n't struggle to gain acceptance from family members .
you are an adult ( or will be one someday ) and the only person that truly matters is you .
when you worry , get frustrated , and even change plans because of anyone , you are giving that person , or group of people too much power .
be yourself and you 'll be a much happier , healthier person .
just going to assume every " hate crime " is bs until proven otherwise .
this is all getting so damn ridiculous .
this person is lgbt and so is the choir ( it was originally a " lesbian and gay " choir but we changed the name years ago to reflect that our group includes other identities as well ) .
because we need a compromise on this to not harm the victims ( those that were brought here as kids and those born here to illegals ) .
so i found over 20 articles making the kyosho animation tragedy about gender politics .
fucking disgusting .
i will be naming and shaming these fucks at 4pm cdt .
2 hours from now
< user > < user > < user > if a black person for example can experience racism then a white person can we are all the same after all
i would like to know the basis of your comparison - because to my mind , what little difference there is makes me prefer china .
at least the chinese do n't lock you up for being gay and have n't made it legal to beat your wife .
what 's the difference between a dog and a pizza ?
one can feed a family of four asian people .
when does a joke become a dad joke ?
when the punchline becomes apparent .
hey white liberal cucks and all you race mixers ........ las vegas is real diverse ........... time is short !
i find it offensive that you think people who serve and fight do so for one political side , rather than for all our freedoms , including the rights to free speech and peaceful assembly .
equally offensive that you think protesting bad cops who kill people unnecessarily equals being anti american .
your comment is what is anti american , as it betrays the values this country was founded upon .
" rt @bxtestana : " " i hate norma bates , she 's crazy " " you do n't even understand the character ?
look at her past and the hell she lived then shu … "
did you know that chef jamie oliver , the essex boy is part black ?
the hypocrisy is stunning : 

 " jack ma , the billionaire founder of e - commerce giant alibaba , suggested this week that the u.s. would have done better spending trillions of dollars over the last 30 years on infrastructure , as china has done , rather than on defence and foreign wars . "
yes , jack ma , who copied the e - commerce models of amazon and others and then relied on those original us pioneers being kept out of the chinese market by his beijing masters .
such soothing words from he chinese leadership .
but travel to china itself and it is clear : foreigners and dogs are almost equal in the eyes of the chinese : almost .
at least dogs can be cooked and eaten .
how fags cock looks while riding a dildo url
the only way you be able to do a photo like that today is to hire actors .
that moment when you silence a mage and they start backpedalling and you just know it 's about to go down
could n't agee more lita oppegard .
you do n't need a link to know where his ideas come from .
you poor poor right wing victims of self attack .
very short nose for a hispanic whilst arabs also have long noses moroccans and north africans tend not to he could be from the middle east but it would be an outrageous construction for the cops
what has friendly , personable and approachable to do with it .
this is not a personality contest .
we want some one that is   nasty , feared , hard nosed and dedicated to find out the causes and wo n't take   " i do n't know "   for an answer .
and is n't afraid to point the finger at those that allowed this to happen .
not some one that is hardworking , friendly etc   you could n't   have   written a worst resume of someone for   this job .
friendly ?
i ask you .
me : : ( waiting in line to talk to my professor after class ) professor : : ( looks to another girl who also happens to be south asian american ) girl : : actually , she was before me in line .
me : : thanks !
so , i just wanted to talk to you about .... professor : : ( interrupts ) was n't that so nice of her ?
well i guess it makes sense since you both are basically from the same family ...
oh so i guess you never get fi read   sexalations 6 verse 9 " tho shall not full satisfy a woman once she has a man , because thoet will be sorryet when the women catch feelings " url
adityanath is a hard line advocate of hindutva — an ideology that advocates for hindu hegemony over india known for hinduism yoga incitement against muslims supported trump ban on refugees immigrants from < number > muslim majority nations stating similar action is needed in this country
you can see the gook genes
currycels get in here 
 how many of you have escaped inceldom , mixed raced currycels , even just being 1/4 white , do not count .
< user > < user > < user > they are all over the place so you will walk past one on the way to your connecting gate over the years the actual target agency has changed but it always one of the orgs that helps refugee kids or other at risk children
betting that the marching cubes tables for those corners - as was the ability to just wander whereever
white boys think listening to tupac gives them a n word pass
deport this person imediatly .. go complain in your own country .. illegal alien 🤑 👽 🙉
whole foods is an improvement how ?
this brings back to mind the sign on minnesota all those years ago 
 " new crack house coming soon "
aaaaaw @smart_ami it 's not a problem at all , i would have loved 2 have met u ... but like u say another day .
have a fab weekend & amp ; take care xx
this is why we won , because americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable .
we need to fight back against the synagogue and their white / mexican / black communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them .
i am armed and i am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to mexico / guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways .
illegals must die .
these areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wo nt find a single white working class person living there .
we might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us
the raids began friday in many area .
it was way over due .
i.c.e should begin a city - by - city and state - by - state raid / sweep to find , arrest and deport all illegal aliens .
enough of the insanity .
the u.s does not need any more 3rd world uneducated and ignorant leeches .
build the wall and deport them all .
problem solved .
justin williams had several good chances , and , thanks to jay beagle 's dogged work in the face - off circle , thrilled the fans in ot !
the caps have certainly been getting scoring from their secondary and tertiary units .
kadri 's low hit on ovi should be reviewed for supplementary discipline .
it was a dirty hit .
what 's the difference between racism and amy schumer ?
amy schumer is not funny .
@amandafuriasse @atomiccabaret so seeing women on here , and seeing poc and woc and esp black and indigenous women celebrate milestones or support missing goals or failing forward , that all helps break through systems and reframe who academics are , who belongs in stem
it is interesting how different countries have their dogs make different sounds .
an american dog goes woof , a czech dog goes haf , a dutch dog goes blaf and a chinese dog goes sizzle .
hey , i honestly do n't see how you extrapolated that here .
i do n't think anyone is saying that , but rather arguing about the historical integration of sexual minorities ( i 'm a sexual minority as well ) into broader societal traditions such as marriage and family - building .
i 'm sorry you 've lost so many friends :( and being trans for sure is n't easy .
it 's worth it to hear and understand all sides of the debate .
a different perspective is n't " toxic " necessarily .
love and hugs 💕
i swear dykes who dress like straight boys discuss me fr who taught you all how to dress put on some mf jeans
longer and unedited recording of the radio show : the jay thomas show : ( warning : some graphic language ) tuesday 's heated exchange involving leith officials over mistreatment claims by girlfriend of kynan dutton | wday | fargo , nd
you niggas b lost in the sauce and then have to deal w/ a bitch u really did n't want to get pregnant for 18 years mandatory 🗣 🗣 because you pull out game is trash 😂 😭 could n't b me 🤷 🏾‍ ♂ ️
yeah , most of it was fake or skewed .
men , what does being a man mean to you personally ?
good for trump .
better than junior who still takes his orders from beijing .
canadians are so stupid .
chinese will continue buying up your homes , pricing you out of all your cities and mandarin will be the official language in ten years if you do n't rise up and stop junior .
but yeah , go smoke that joint .
< user > < user > yeah britisher came to trade after they traitors like mir jafar who betrayed own country and supporting britisher 😏 shame on mir jafar muslim and then jinnah who betray motherland 😐 anyways slavery is allow in muslim even they have permission to rape non muslim slaves
learn how to speak english before you call anyone dumb .
i know my girls were raised sheltered and only around white people , and if i had to do it again , i would .
sounds like someone that is mentally ill .
indeed .
perhaps it would be better for them to follow the lead of the us church , which is not seeing large numbers of catholics leaving to become " nones . "
no u do not jewish israel4jewish people u wish u had but u have the nt like ur leaders instructed u can not dance < number > weddings with < number > arse so we jews have the original book because like moham the arabs u did not have < number >
we already have all that diversity , more than pretty much any other society in the world , how much is enough ?
are you saying all those other societies that are pretty much homogeneous , from japan to china to indonesia to morocco , etc . ,
are inferior and also need more " diversity " , or just us ?
you might have a point of all those chinese and middle easterners were going to open restaurants in some hinterland town , but they wo n't , they all cluster in our three major cities .
besides , nice segue from " we need to diversify our population " to food .
you really mean you ca n't wait to see all those white people eradicated from the face of the earth , replaced by a nice brown , do n't you , diversity be damned ?
it was in an attempt to find this sweat that i found out you are not a chink after all still do not know where to watch the stream and tbh do not know where to turn at this point
shit ur chinese , you should slurp dem niggas titties to dem white supremists and get that ass spanked by ur parents u fucking disgrace fuck up
do asians like you ever feel any shame for invading us universities in such overwhelming numbers
+ jancy varghese you shit eating stinky indian scumbag .
go and fuck your sister .
we assassinated osama bin laden ; he had never been ' charged with a crime ' .
we assassinated the us citizens who were responsible for the ' shoe bomber ' and ups bombing attempts ; they had never been ' charged with a crime ' .
there are still lots of people out there who would cheer if hillary was jailed .
but now she 's really kinda irrelevant .
old lady : : do you know lang lang ?
me : : uhm , no .
old lady : : * in disbelief * lang lang the pianist .
you do n't know him ?
me : : no .
old lady : : he 's good . *
walks away * conclusion : : because i am asian , i must know who lang lang is .
i found out that my mom lied to me my whole childhood .
< user > my academia nerd self is here for < user > speaking about using research to inform gun violence policy
what ’s the difference between a nigger and a chink ?
only one is hung .
i hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals .
why is the iphone x cheaper in asia ?
they had security failures with the facial regonition
the more threatened the powers that be feel , the more oppressive they will become .
within the next 20 years whites will become a minority in america , and they will be at the beginning of the end of their reign ... the union of south africa 's apartheid history comes to mind .
you think that it 's ugly now ?
there needs to be a worldwide policy of swift action against any person who uses weapons of mass destruction .
appreciation post for my favourite 50s lesbians url
fuck chromebooks ! ! ! ! ! !
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
grinder - austin shepard grinder would have been jeffery dahmer 's version of uber eats .
< repeat >
[ hypothetical ] you 're given the ability to launch a nuclear warhead , which country / city do you target ?
the ones killed by the grenade and the ieds that khadr made .
hintington tx quotes from our mayor in open meetings i should have run that son bitch out of town long ago everybody wants a lawsuit like those two queers and the cake that man is crazy always thinks the sky is following girls can not play softball on sundays < email >
there were like 13 others originally but thanos snapped them away
too bad for the europeans americans then apparently australia is kinda square funny how all these lower tier male illegal immigrants from the red belt below still have not managed to swing these areas into female positive territory it like the females do not live as long for some reason
god has really blessed me with patience . & #
128524 ; i know so many people that would fold if they did half the shit i do . #
frfr
simultaniously exhausted and full of excitement .
ca n't decide if i want to jump around and dance or take a nap .
such a good feeling .
and then republicans wonder why voters do n't want smaller government .
.@senbennetco be strong & amp ; do what 's right for colorado & amp ; the country !
stand w/ other dems against gorsuch ! #
stopgorsuch
so , just to save you all some time , bsd is my family .
the only negative response gg ever received was from a non - dev .
you 're quite wrong , bud . "
the war on drugs in canada increasingly focuses on cannabis .
in 2011 , cannabis offences accounted for 69 % of all drug offences , simple possession accounted for 70 % of all drug offences , and of these , 54 % were for cannabis possession -- an increase of 7 % since 2010 .
in 2012 , there were 109,455 drug offences in canada , 52 % were for cannabis possession .
in 2010 and 2011 , possession of cannabis still comprised over half of all drug offences . " (
2014 , boyd & carter ; killer weed ) .
one might surmise that " increases in drug offences often reflect police practices such as increased attention to particular categories of crime " ( ibid ) . "
charges for possession of cannabis in bc have doubled between 2005 and 2011 despite low public support fro the imposition of a criminal conviction for this offence " ( ibid ) .
not all .
just all the girls with chad
i 'm a use my dick like a pen and play connect the dots with your freckles 😉
" popular likable guy but no political experience . "
that has never stopped anyone from running before and some turn out to be pretty damned good politicians !
asian / indian candidate ?
the rock has polynesian blood .
anything " less acceptable " about that ?
and he 's bloody articulate and can remember his lines .
oh you mean like count dankula who a self admitted communist with a tattoo of a red star on his chest who just got convicted of being a nazi because he white cowards like you find it very easy to attack the enemies of the jews
i did n't have an outward emotional reaction when my own grandmother died , but i am crying for nimoy .
what does any of that have to do with racial preservation and the resistance to the deliberate and calculated extermination of the white race and the destruction of western civilization which 99 % of the members of this site are concerned with ?
tired of y all erasing the contributions poc have made especially for marvel , black panther was the catalyst for introducing diversity as a successful investment & tessa thompson has always vied for female & lgbt rep to feige + marvel did n't do diversity for brie , it 's for money 😭
a teenaged chinese prostitute died her name was young ho
what do middle easterners and the japanese have in common ?
neither knows how to fly a plane
pocho , it 's amazing how " educated " you can make yourself " sound " .
the easy part to figure out is that you are educated beyond your intelligence ! !
how would you describe the mass killings in las vegas , colorado , and the east coast ? ? ?
hhhmmmmm , let me think here : it was n't muslims ,   it was n't asians , it was n't africans , definitely not immigrants , not even moron presidents .......... 
 oh yeah , they were all white americans ! ! ! ! !
they were n't liberals or conservatives , they were mass murderers , were n't they ? ? ? ?
none of them changed laws , i doubt any of them knew who george soros was , or larry da hustler , for that matter .
looks to me like judge watson is just doing his job without bias ! !
you , on the other hand , seem to be hung up on labels that a truly educated human would not need to rely on .
blasian women are always gorgeous and she definitely supports that
why do white people have such a pleasant scent ?
so blind people can distinguish them from animals too .
discorperted how exactly are they invading if they 're seeking a better life last time i checked that 's not invading invading is what america did to the native americans but you probably do n't accept that as a fact so
* hoes that are n't mad
first pills lean weed rollin niggers
pretty soon the term flyover state will be literal .
nowhere to land .
ok , wise men of tourism - time to incorporate the hawaiian islands actual indigenous people in the expansion of tourism 's infrastructure so it grows over the next fifty years .
using native hawaiian land , everyone in the islands prospered except the native hawaiians , relegated to federal reservations , prison , drug rehab or living in the rough while the hustlers who stole their identity and their land made billions and billions .
the native hawaiian 's right in the land is a right not an interest .
the state and all land owners are using that right while obstructing it for the original owners of all the land .
time for that to come to an end once and for all .
the native hawaiian must rise economically at the same wavelength of all settlers and colonialists starting right now .
you must study who is obstructing this and marginalize them as they marginalized hawaii 's future prosperity by screwing the native hawaiians .
dan inouye is gone .
< user > soo being a nazi is perfectly ok because i get money yikes lol
* i hate fucking minorities
the flood of dirty money into canada , followed by the asian invasion out of communist china has been enabled by our own pm .
talk about a fifth column of traitors in your own country !
the corrupt chinese ca n't stand their own country and anyone with a ' dirty dollar ' has been buying their way out of that polluted cesspool for decades !
bitches find an illiterate man with anger issues & a gun & call him a hood nigga lmao url
it 's too late to be an april fool 's joke .
though it does involve a fool in april .
trump 's idea of negotiating is to bellow and bully .
but , sadly , north korea is headed by the asian version of donald trump , complete with goofy hair and bad acting career .
trump is no truman .
truman sacked macarthur when that general disobeyed orders and brought china into the war on the opposing side .
trump would do well to reread the history of the korean war , but i doubt he 's ever read a book . (
he 's certainly never written one . )
perhaps the rumours are true and trump is considering resigning .
when he urges flynn cut a deal , perhaps he 's projecting and hoping that congress will grant him and his family immunity if he resigns .
whatever the case , i 'm not sure why america elected this idiot .
however , stephen king apparently knows .
and it 's a very funny story over at the guardian .
grinder - austin shepard grinder would have been jeffery dahmer 's version of uber eats .
< repeat >
xenophobia and fear of muslims were an important part of the conservatives party 's ' run up to the election .
,  
 harper and kenny played the hijab controversy for all it was worth and then of course trotted out the barbaric practices tip line .. the conservative party of canada should pwn up to its role in spreading islamophobia .
little asian whore gon na get assraped
what ’s the difference between the vietnamese and ice - cream ?
americans become sad when ice - cream melts
substitute " transgender " with jews , blacks , asians , muslims , hispanics , women or any other minority in mr. smiths editorial and you get the underlying fear , intolerance and hatred of anybody other than white males in the service .
it sounds like they came out about their gender , not sexuality !
i would 've just wished for the most support .
i wish it was normalized .
i wish no one asked me invasive questions .
it sounds like you 're doing great so far .
<3
great article .
i really liked   this line , " but in the world of liberal dogma , all of this is wrongthink . "
i could n't help but think of other examples of liberal wrongthink .... some perpetuated right here in this paper .
remember during the housing boom in to and van people getting all kinds of static for saying it was foreigners that were driving up house prices ?
they were called everything from racist to xenophobic ... then it was discovered to be true .
or how about the the ghomeshi case ?
the accusers were so untruthful that the case was dismissed .
however , this hit the papers as a classic case of misogyny and that our justice system was severely flawed .
or my favourite .
remember how the donald trump voter was described ?
a redneck , whitetrash , male , trailer park resident .
when in fact 42 % of women voted for him , 29 % of latino 's and the majority of income earners in the top 3 income brackets .
and the media does n't have a left leaning bias ?
nerdy guy sure found out ...
being gay doesn ’ t give out free passes to be gross to women
< user > ackshully all arabs are white and islam is technically white imperialism
@bluestein so basically michael williams ' defense is he 's not an authentic racist asshole , but a deliberate , calculated one ?
oh , that 's so much better .
< /snark > url
yea , i ' m not sure it 's authenithic .
me ( then not out , bisexual first - generation asian american woman ): : i 'm involved with gay rights groups because it 's a civil rights issue , not because it 's a personal issue .
mom : : why would you do this to hurt me ?
we raised you to be a good asian girl .
when i was on the phone with both parents a few years ago , when i was 17 .
what 's the worst thing about being told you have alzheimer 's ?
it dosen't happen at once
i 'm in shock as i have finally discovered what is assaulting my body and has been ruining my life at an increasing rate every day for the past 3 - 4 years .
the similarities to what i 've endured and what susan ( the author of the above piece ) recounts in the above article are uncannily similar and more than just coincidence .
i entrusted my health to the same specialist -jay keystone , and did n't get any definitive answers or proper treatment .
i went to his office crying on a couple of occasions begging for help and describing the horror that i was suffering with .
what is wrong with our society when such a widespread disease is ignored and people suffer unimaginably ?
what do i do now ?
asians do not have higher iq or intelligence in general than whites that is a huge grotesque joke probably most of the stats come from lying commie chinks so strange that when it comes to stats even based nazi pooplords believe pinkos
no , absolutely not .
the difference is the reason behind the speech .
we ca n't yell " fire ! "
in a crowded room , unless of course there is a fire .
part of the problem is that too many people ca n't express an opinion without going a bit too far .
do n't like a movie , okay , but some have to prove he movie is unlikable and make insulting comments about the actors .
i loved the original ghostbusters and wonder about the remake .
however , when i see it i may like it .
if i do n't , i wo n't take it personally or feel it necessary to make hate - filled comments .
one of the reasons i think donald trump is dangerous is that too many of his supporters feel empowered to apply hate labels to group historically discriminated against : women , blacks , latinos , asians , etc . ,
etc . ,
etc .
u r such a fuckin hoe i love it u r such a fuckin hoe i love it u r such a fuckin hoe i love it ur boyfriend a dork mclovin
typical asians do not complain nearly as much as blacks do about the world being unfair they just do their best to make good with what they have
when an opinion has no facts to back it up , it is of a third world quality .
those chinese and indian kids are going to eat your lunch !
tw asians to the girl that made fun of me for having small eyes it ’ funny how your dog disappeared the day after bethany 🥢
free that nigga meech cause he the hood hero
@nyrkelsmads 
 dat damn dog eats betta den most colored folk do .
by allah you niggas are cowards
my ninjas if ya have n't seen interstellar with matthew mcconaughey , fucking watch it do n't even be smacked cause you 'll be lost probably .
i wish i never knew who this fag was
oh , that 's why you don't have an accent : you're part white .
" trump advocated divisive politics of identity — he raised racial and ethical tensions and inflamed passions against imagined enemies — mexican immigrants , chinese exporters , muslim refugees . "
trump 's rise is based on white supremacy .
trump 's bad guy is always some non - white boogeyman .
it is the duty of every american and christian to publicly stand up against this racist tide .
people in europe had the opportunity in the 12920s and 30s and failed .
what will history say about us ?
japan does not have holder dropping boxes of guns and ammo in ghetto alleys though homogenous nation
at the end of a telephone survey which took about twenty minutes to complete .
caller : : ethnicity ?
your choices are caucasian , asian , hispanic , african american , pacific islander , other ... me : : asian .
caller : : wow , you do n't have an accent .
you do n't even sound asian !
it not regardless he a white dude naming the jew with his real name and face out there the retards fawning over him are the same ones that did it about trump
considering the depth of   antisemitic preaching   openly by prominent imams at ryerson , in mosques in   gta and other cities in canada , which gets exposed from time to time , why should we be surprised young muslim men might hold the same ideas ?
exposing them is a public duty .
already knew that .
question to you :   how does any of that absolve your leafs of blocking hamilton or a 2nd team in toronto , eh ?
stick to the topic .
if you hafta go about trying to show that another team is just as bad , you 're essentially agreeing with me .
what ’s the best thing about being in a long queue and the person in front of you is indian they ’re all one family
not all .
just all the girls with chad
what would michael jackson be doing today if he was alive ?
clawing at the inside of his casket .
ethnics should be kicked out of america 
 honestly i m tired of ethnics such as myself ruining such a great country
there was a freak accident at the vietnam toy factory were a worker fell into a pit of slime i guess you can say he was all gook - ed up
what do you call unconstitutional sex to an asian man ?
two in the pink , one in the chink
" nanking was raped ?
how awfur !
we should find out who did it immediatery ! "
-japan
disgusting maga you see this shit currynigger and race traitor attempting to fund a start up venture for the instant production of vomit
zakat , or charity , is the ' third pillar of islam ' , and is a major fundamental part of teaching and practice .
being charitable and providing for the needy are important features of the muslim character .
these are good ideas clayton and should be implemented along with others .
i am a huge , nasty whore with a pussy that needs dick from white men from these countries canada sweden norway denmark czech republic
agreed with the latter part , but i do n't know if white privilege exists in the us .
it seems the system rewards groups based on their abilities .
asians and ashkenazis outperform european - americans on various life achievement metrics , and african americans outperform european americans in various sports .
i do n't believe group differences in outcome is necessarily due to structural racism .
thank you mga ching chong kay walay klase today 💖
adrian luckman , professor of glaciology at swansea university : emphasised that there is no evidence that the calving of the giant iceberg is linked to climate change .
further , recent data from the scripps institute of oceanography actually show most of the shelf thickening .
you never know there was that one girl who made herself blind and a bunch of other deranged liberals that harm themselves to virtue signal there might be some women that undergo fgm to virtue signal
god there 's much better looking girls on r / gonewild u / t200608 sort these virgins out
only in trump 's america could a bunch of anti - fascist protesters be considered morally equivalent to a bunch of white supremacists , one of whom has the blood of innocents on his hands .
it saddenes my soul to find out the news my grandfather has passed away this evening of lung cancer ... if u would like to donate ask me how
canada is full of niggers and hicks dumb as shit wtiyi g for a white chink oil baron and his gay cult witch
# wwe brock lesnar vs braun stroman vs kane at the royal rumble
worley mgtow , wow , it 's weird to hear the truth around here .
israel almost killed all the american sailors aboard the uss liberty , well , ya did n't .
a pagan father celebrates his son 's descent into sodomy through a meaningless toast to his son 's mortally sinful perversion
will any democrat explain to me why you ca n't or wo n't differentiate between immigrants and illegals ?
you actual stupid cunt @kaitmarieox your race are the ones killing us url
with some dog breeds , it 's advised that you do n't look at them directly in the eye .
i 've found a simple solution to that problem .
anal .
getting to the point where some day soon i am just gon na snap and go on a killing spree because i ca nt fucking take people anymore
you do n't have to be chinese to think this looks bad .
aye , well in that case cheers for making me clarify my reasoning a bit further .
to be more clear , i consider sexual orientation and therefor the sex of your romantic partners to be completely trivial matters in the eyes of ( a normal ) society , meaning that we should accept is as is and not make a fuss about it .
to be even more clear , that 's in the eyes of a society , for an individual that is of course a big deal in life .. what matters is that there is love and that the people are good and kind , with whom matters not .
naturalization in early america was limited primarily to those who had been formed by western civilization especially since we had a problem with the muzzies in tripoli our way of life was informed by the universal principles of the declaration
i want a truth and no reconciliation these fuckers who have done this to our lands must confess that they lied to shitskins and flooded our lands to destroy shitskins must be told the truth we knew you would fuck shit up so we sent you into white lands
there actually is a matsu lio in wasilla , though it pales in comparison to what the royalists in anchorage insist on .
they can have black and chinese days at u of t but anything white is forbidden .
on saturday i will be a judge in a queefing contest
send all these asses back !
instagram must really be messing up letting ghettos little sluts follow me
and the forced teaching of the holocaust to children in germany remember you are basically the descendant of a genocidal maniac little boy hate yourself
sometimes you get flagged because its spam , sometimes you are offensive to others , sometimes its harassment .
sometimes its offensive harassing spam .
my mom went out and wore a mask and she said two old men told her that she “ looks like the asians ” i ca nt believe
another teacher and i are looking over the global studies state exam .
global studies teacher : : i 'm going to go through the test and find all the questions about china .
if you get them wrong , i will laugh at you .
i 'm chinese american , born and raised in the united states .
idiots : asian are smarter than white people elon musk : really ?
if an asian chef kills himself ... is it chinese take - out ?
of course she 'll get the nomination over me .
she 's a minority .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > juanita broderick was raped so are you saying she was nt a victim
twitter or anywhere there is not free speech is just another internet ghetto period threats of violence personal info porn illegal activity there are your parameters for censure
always happy to hear from a capable liberal .
go ralph .
some of you girls think being a bad bitch is all there is in life
congrats , i remember coming out to some of my friends a year ago , it feels great ! !
🙂
man i am so sick of chinas bullshit .
can we bomb the shit out of them and be done with them ?
john horgan has the answer - cancel the white elephant site c project , and use the $ 10b saved to build rental housing , recovering all costs at sub $ 400 average rents .
hate to break it to you guys but the porn bots are still here .
how are your parents ?
the us did more damage to japan than any of these countries .
japan seems perfectly pleasant these days .
want to know why these countries suck ?
their geography is shit and their people support corrupt governments .
you must be one of the trump protesters , grow up ! !
* i hate fucking minorities
it remains to be seen if asians can produce any good philosophers chinese universities now actually discuss at a high level western thought criminals like carl schmidt unlike western universities full of actual communists so i guess we will see if they manage to turn anything good out
it 's not the population size in florida that makes them willing to accept medicare .
it is the percentage of the population that is retired and therefore using medicare that drives their willingness .
about 20 % of florida 's population is +65 .
alaska has about 9 % .
ww3 joke if we ever got into a war with the chinese i do n't think we 'd need camo outfits cause they ca nt see us either way .
no more chinese - they do nt assimilate , they cheat .
not fair to the other good kids who do nt cheating as an option .
alaska 's vote democratic because we want the four freedoms enumerated by fdr .
why couln't you just let me go this weekend .
when i said goodbye .
you wanted to pull me back and hurt me .
sometimes i go from the garage to the shed and , upon arrival , ask myself what the heck did i come out here for .
annihilate the chinese government please .
they are inbred retards and should n't be able to call themselves , human fucking pigs ..
john horgan has the answer - cancel the white elephant site c project , and use the $ 10b saved to build rental housing , recovering all costs at sub $ 400 average rents .
what a lowlife , scumbag , can do that to the people that benefits from the arc .
geez , this fricken scum will burn in hell .
sell all of her property and cars etc and give all that money back to the arc .
wtf is this world coming too ! !
the ainokea club ! !
terrible .
nowadays get more crappy people just waiting for their karma to come back and bite them in their butt .
not to many nice , moral people out there anymore .
this island especially has turned to the sewer hole .
look around everyone , this island is socially sinking and i do not see it making a turn for the best .
i see younger adults just close the door on senior citizen without any second thoughts , drivers all day long sticking the middle finger and people just cutting in without waving thank you .
i know for sure the chinese immigrants taxi drivers do not know how to wave thank you .
iwilei costco feels like i 'm in southeast asia or china , rude people at that costco
nah i 'm never gon na worship a fuckin woman
americans are so fucking weird , only in america would this happen
how do you make your girlfriend scream during sex ?
call and tell her about it .
how do you make your girlfriend scream during sex ?
call and tell her about it .
this has been a trend since < number > of course wall street assumed eternal growth despite fb having plateaued in the first world even earlier those asians living in huts will be worth just as much as us users in time if only we have faith that they will due diligence
" ... the cardinal - designate said the first step in sharing the pope 's consistent message of mercy is to reflect on how we have been recipients of mercy in our own lives . "
that to me is key , and it is one aspect of the year of mercy that i think has not been emphasized enough .
extending authentic mercy to others must begin with recognizing our own brokenness .
otherwise our " mercy " can too easily become self - righteous and condescending .
that 's why , i believe , some of the best and most pastoral priests i 've known have been recovering alcoholics .
their ability to stay grounded in their own ongoing need for healing gives them the grace to be agents of healing in the lives of others .
i hope they never breed
oh look , another weak willed , dumpy upper middle class white millennial that bases his existence on consuming media .
how dare drumpf , do n't you know that quinton is enlightened ?
he knows plenty of brown people , and they 're all great like the staff at los amigos where he goes every saturday night with his majority white , middle class , like minded friends and the one brown person that shares the same stale sentiments that lack self awareness .
by giving them free airplane rides throughout our country , then making sure they have a job instead of deporting them .
url url
pakistany child grooming gangs are rife in bradford keithley and leeds but police are too frightened to say anything is not it time to send the troops in and just shoot all the paki scum
says the white man .
i do n't believe a supreme court decision will come down to that , shipboard .
whether their beliefs are based in religion , politics or any other concept , people may collectively associate in groups that share those ideas while lawfully seeking to advance them .
at the same time an individual can never , against his will , be forced to accept those ideas .
twu does n't force anyone to accept their beliefs of what 's right and wrong .
prospective students have four options .
1 ) to agree with and abide by twu 's rules .
2 ) to disagree with twu 's rules , but to follow them anyway .
3 ) to disagree with twu 's rules and secretly ( and lawfully ) behave against them , or 4 ) to seek an education elsewhere .
as you can see , twu 's rules are heavily weighted in favour of those who do n't agree with them .
those who disagree have multiple alternatives .
those who agree with the rules have but one choice .
please explain whose fundamental rights are being violated .
i hope canada takes no role in the united states border crisis .
they can handle their own mess , we have a legal system that needs to be followed and they are able to seek asylum through routs that are already in place .
putting thousands of people to the front of the line because it 's a hot topic right now only undermines our system and is completely unfair to the people seeking refuge from african countries and well as people fleeing war in the middle east .
we should n't be taking economic refugees from latin america when there are people running from genocide elsewhere .
i like people like good teeth should be white , straight and clean ( none of that black or yellow bullshit )
catfish man will post on this sub from now on since his posts cause to many brigades and are not being approved anymore
do you speak chinese ?
it 's just a little enslavement so i can have a shit ton of gold .
look you 're gon na get 50k+ suicides if your ruling over an indigenous people , it just means you do n't have to waste food feeding people who did n't want to be slaves in the first place .
so what if after 50 years only 1 in every 600 native is still alive .
everyone is doing this .
spanking a child until they ca n't sit down is abusive - i do n't care what era you lived in .
< user > i am telling u black ppl not all stay making fun of asians i see it all the time
< user > < user > the talk is about refugee indian muslim are indian citizens literally no one is talking about evicting them so please do not show your hatred for hindu and your ignorance here
what do you call unconstitutional sex to an asian man ?
two in the pink , one in the chink
stay strong taiwan !
shoot down those chinese pieces of shit , if they dare to invade .
china makes up all kinds of bull shit claims .
i personally boycott anything chinese made here in the u.s.
< user > it was its just everyone on anitwit is retarded
* at the end of the song * \ that how racism ended
# teabagger state like mississippi opposed to minimum wage , child labor laws , unions , is pro - scab , sweatshop work - pretty much # slavery .
first , it seems appropriate to place that burden on a future generation because any benefit from rail lives in the future .
borrowing for infrastructure projects at this historical moment is affordable .
second , my arguments are not circular .
rail costs were willfully and admittedly underestimated by proponents who knew that voters would not consent to the true costs .
if cost overruns are inevitable as you say , that 's a reason to include those overruns in your projections , but the politicians responsible for rail trumpeted the lowest estimates .
that the city can not afford to build the full line at or near cost due to their own incompetence ought not be rewarded with a perpetual font of money .
third , i was careful to phrase my argument as the potential to benefit .
obviously , direct benefits from government goods are not universal .
what potential to benefit from the rail do residents of hawaii kai have ?
real street nigga ain t get nothing but some pain from it
i 've been staying hotels while on military orders and now i have to guard weapons , sleep and shit in the woods with one other guy till sunday
he will keep making weapons because he is a nutbar .
this is funny .
the state of california is on record to oppose and fight just about everything the trump administration does and has hired former attorney general eric holder to lead the fight .
it now wants the federal government ( trump administration ) to help pay millions of dollars to repair the dam .
what nerve .
let the people of california bail out their own boat .
just because i do n't say it out loud , does n't mean i 'm clueless ; women always know .
we always find out.&#128578 ;
thanks , that was very helpful .
so who else is " inferior " to your kind in the global human hierarchy ?
lazy latinos ?
crooked jews ?
shifty asians ?
backward arabs ?
please educate us .
some of you girls think being a bad bitch is all there is in life
< user > < user > islam makes all the fun stuff in life forbidden haram it sucks 😒
the jews help other jews the asians help other asians and white supremacy has wealth frozen in their community is america was built for whites not blacks so blacks should help other blacks
uganda swung their nation open to those snake oil salesman and now look at this bullshit .
still looking for white people of the same belief to talk to or maybe hang out.stength is in numbers and georgia is getting outnumbered as we speak .
i have to dress up and go to a white tablecloth dinner tomorrow night and i am so ghetto and out of my element i am so nervous high key
hey mister mailman , do you duty !
here comes the lady with the african booty !
she can do the pom - poms she can do the splits .
most of all , she can kiss , kiss , kiss !
alleggs gley mad muslims trashing conor in 3 2 1 ...
what guilt and responsibility do immigrant asians , muslims , africans , caribbeans , koreans , hindi , south sains , have for native grievances .
time is running out for natives .
they still have not come to terms with the fact most new comers see them as   parasites .
natives will not forever have white man here to protect them .
if white men r problem how come black mail is criminal an me a dog
< user > i hate you 😂
< user > ‍ you wish you were white like any other nigger or any other shi*skin < censored >
" obama ran for office on the premise that he was a black man .
he was not a woman and he was black .
he had very little more going for him than that . "
i 'd like to point out that obamacare is here to stay .
obama , being sorta familiar with constitutional law scribbled out the aca and slid it under the noses of the scotus and they said it was lawful .
the entire altrightpubs clump swore it was unconstitutional .
based on whatever fox " legs ! "
had to say about it that day and the day after for years .
i 'd also like to point out that the " 1st day " is long since past and obamacare is still the law of the land .
the altrightpubs were positive obamacare would be vaporised once the altrightpubs were in command of all three branches .
their voters were positive the promise of " root and branch " repeal would be kept .
nopers , lolol ... that " non hero " mccain once again proved worthy of the moniker " hero " .
he took his thumb and stuck it in the oompa 's   proverbial eye in front of all of america .
1 - 800 empire !
you just compared east asians to sandniggers
what happens when you turn off the lights ?
it gets dark .
litttle potaoe is a corrupt chinese operative and needs to be investigated
eureka !
i 've figured it out !
45 is playing golf so much because he thinks he can clobber isis with his golf drive & amp ; he needs practice !
/s
the obstructionism has clearly been the result of gop policy .
they have expressed exactly zero interest in inclusion regarding differing viewpoints .
so your comment is complete fantasy .
so i found over 20 articles making the kyosho animation tragedy about gender politics .
fucking disgusting .
i will be naming and shaming these fucks at 4pm cdt .
2 hours from now
rt @callmechar : naaaaaa i 'm fucking fuming that freddos being 10p was an april fools
i absolutely hate blue cheese , i hate the way it looks , i hate the way it smells and it 's mouldy , fucking mouldy .
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
yu really can not save these hoes they do not wanna be saved
muslims do n't either .
radical fanatic islamists do .
the do n't represent muslims any more than anders breivik represents christians .
and you might want to look up the sectarian violence in northern ireland .
the radical jewish settlers who open fire on palestinian civilians in israel , and the way fanatical buddhists treat others in southeast asia .
trump closeted hatred of dark skinned people from shithole countries will come to hurt hispanics italian americans koreans and so on a bigot and racist does not stop at just one race to be scapegoated it white supremacist self adoration narcissism
all you bitches can suck my dick fr .
no funny
we want unbiased court proceedings in asaram bapu ji 's case # removeunfairpocsolaw & amp ; stop pocso misuse asap !
he asked for help .
barack hussein asked for forgiveness .
that says it all .
she 's a mentally ill woman who needs to leave twitter
game was rigged from the start goy wake up .
americans genocided europeans in both world wars .
more than any other race in the history of the world .
all part of the plan .
enjoy your brown and black invaders .
america died in the early 1900s .
your just propping up a dead corpse .
return to your roots white man .
or die and be forgotten .
macron says that africa problems are civilizational and blames women who have < number > or < number > kids great so then let bring < number > million of them to europe mr macron you are a genius
we spent the last week making concessions .
why should we sell ourselves out for 1.5 m people ?
their main objection is ag foods - they fear canada will overrun their local farmers .
herro prease .
i understand this but unfortunatly i have no one else to turn to .
why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs ?
so nobody mistakes them for feminists .
german folk music - youtube wait for the second song on this track .
@_ohyoufrancyhuh he about to have a 3 some and donkey fuck the shit out of them .
fuck that gorilla if you getting pussy
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide !
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
precisely nazi armbands are catnip to libs because as symbols they permit easy pigeonholing of the wearer and cartoonish amplification of any threat he presents in contrast iotbw is using shitlibs psy ops weaponry against them i love it
motherfucking come make me , bitch
" happy " i find it sad that you believe what you posted .
i am white and consider myself ' average ' for the most part .
i have never in my life thought less of others of any race for what they are , what they look like , what they know or anything else .
i 'm retired military and have traveled the world and met many peoples , all have their good points ... all have bad ...   i only knew one black family until my 18th birthday and had never seen an asian person until i went to boot - camp for the navy !
in my long life i have done my best to accept people for what they present to me .. 

 trump is not a racist , you listen way to much to the crap presented by the left .. he poses no threat to any of us unless you plan to break some serious laws .
we needed someone to support the 2nd amendment , think of our veterans , fix our health care system and balance scotus .
we could not survive as a free country if we were socialist bunch of left wing nuts ( like bernie wanted ) where everything is supposed to be free !
breaking up with a japanese girl is quite suspenseful no matter how you decide to do it , you 'll leave them hanging
< user > ‍ you wish you were white like any other nigger or any other shi*skin < censored >
< user > i figured it i was gay i get so mad at incels yet i feel identified with them i hate this lol
yes bpd borderline personality disorder mothers destroy their sons paul is very much a leftist he does not accept the different roles of men and women and there it is a white man dares to argue with a white woman and she ready to be bred by blacks and arabs fantastic
disclaimer : none of these things i 'm about to tell you are 100 % accurate .
just * mostly * accurate .
there are always exceptions .
if you are anything but a cis heterosexual heteroromantic person , you are welcome in the community .
no matter what !
u and ur fishhead are trash u married a zipperhead
& # 8220;@scoop82294 : if you do n't have your read receipts on you a bitch&#8221 ; the bitchyest bitch ever
there is clearly a ( b)-lack of sense going on here before we know it /r / gaming will ban posts with ps4 in them lol
stinks getting our women killed in battle now because of the anti white cultural marxist scum in our white christian government trying to replace us and kill us using people of color
woman gave birth inside a walmart bathroom and dumped the infant in the trash , police say ( redditor finds it is her second crime against children )
genocide : article 6 
 ( d ) " imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; " 
 if you specifically do not count them you are most definitely preventing births registered in the population group .
administrative sterilization of women .
ignoring quebec supreme court orders is a lawless government .
( c ) " deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; " pm trudeau and minister bennett are also ignoring the canadian human rights tribunal orders to stop the obvious under - funding of indigenous children in care .
( e ) " forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . "
the 60 's scoop hearing in the ontario class action revealed the whole basis of colonialism " we know best " is no legal or moral defense .
( b ) " causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; " the residential school era .
( a ) " killing members of the group . "
mmiwg , death in custody , and more ... 
 5/5 markers is genocide .
< user > you towel head ass hoed
< user > i jus don ’ t think it should be in a kid show 🤷 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️ ian homophobic but i ’ d cancel it too
i pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , i do not want to post it here as i think non - whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there .
another sick human selling violence just to get likes and views - humans do n't deserve to survive .
the earth will be far better off when homo sapiens kill and toxify themselves out of existence !
breaking up with a japanese girl is quite suspenseful no matter how you decide to do it , you 'll leave them hanging
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide .
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
with 500 user tokens , it should n't take long .
oh , darlings .
i 'm scared of no army .
i 've got an app for that .
zakat , or charity , is the ' third pillar of islam ' , and is a major fundamental part of teaching and practice .
being charitable and providing for the needy are important features of the muslim character .
oh ... carter .
the diplomat idiot ? (
noko , iran , etc)his " giveaways " to noko got us what ?
and is n't the little penguin now threatening all of asia and the pacific to get what he wants ?
good job libertards !
no , islam is not a race .
followers may be caucasian , arabic , black , or asian ... some liberals ca n't seem to grasp basic english ...
i love when white boys wear those tight ass shorts 😗
@mistressjd so i guess you will stay single and never have sex with a man then ?
if you 're a homo sapiens , then you 'd be definitely care about what opposite sex thinks .
that 's what i learned in reproductive psychology .
you can deny it , but sadly it is what it is .
and nothing special with you , it 's same with everyone else including me .
all of the intersectionality olympics are bullshit , and you 're shit for playing them too .
why do they need to make sure they check off as many of the " oppressed minority " boxes they can when deciding who to put on a bill ?
just to please some shrieking harpies , and you shrieking about which boxes did or did n't get checked is just as bad .
now and then i think of when we were together like when you said you felt so happy you could die told myself that you were right for me ..
we should now also rename toronto 's jack layton ferry docks .
he too was racist .
he was a white man who used asian women   for his sexual appetites .
he was found in a brothel with an asian woman , even though he was married to olivia chow .
it is no different from what white catholic priests did to indigenous people at residential schools .
jack layton does n't deserve memorials , despite him being beatified by trade unions and the left .
of course , they will be outraged if jack layton 's reputation is sullied in any way , but they have no such qualms about inflicting the same indecency on the memories of other perfectly fine people .
continued ...   i began thinking , while in the lobby and nobody noticing i was there , how rude those people were who told me the seats were taken .
they were family members of my sister 's husband .
i 'm sure a few of them knew i was the sister of chuck 's second wife .
yet they booted me away rather than get to know the sister of chuck 's new wife .
to this day i regret not just plopping my can down and eating , telling them , " there 's no reserved seating .
i 'm staying put .
who were you saving this seat for , the king of england ? "
after a few minutes in the lobby i found a stray chair and pulled it up to the the filled table , announcing , " i 'm taking the bull by the horns . "
the people at the end of this table were my parents and brother .
my brother then gave me his seat and went to my sister and her kids ' table and sat ... even though five minutes earlier , my sister booted me away from that table .
moral of story : family sometimes sucks .
take what seats you can get for your meal .
i never thought about race in terms of iq or nationalism it wasn t until the stupid left under dindunuffin obama that the anti white screed began to get loud and now i am a white nationalist thanks to the racist left i am embracing my ancestry my genes my origins white and proud
how many white lives would it have saved so far if we had no non whites here , just in the usa and canada ?
this is what happens when you do not put the toilet seat down for your immigrant roommate d
obama and hillary still see the municipal police forces in the us as the number one threat to america .
i feel not bi enough .. dealing with it right now as everyone is all " happy pride month " and i 'm just like .. normal feeling .
i live in a white neighborhood and i nigger it tf up
cam is felon who raped and beat wht & asian kids .
he took kids computers and phones in college .
he 's beat police .
he perfect for the nfl protesters .
gangbang sundays , lol
gallows sliding down that ramp like he 's sliding in to someone 's dm 's on that replay & # 128514 ; # wrestlemania
you never know there was that one girl who made herself blind and a bunch of other deranged liberals that harm themselves to virtue signal there might be some women that undergo fgm to virtue signal
go smoke some more ganja you screaming aborigine dik .
you look like you should be running across the outback chasing kangaroos .
why is n't the focus on latino nations ?
think about that .
there is a fairly obvious racism when you ca n't demand that latino nations take care of their own people .
when you expect whites to shoulder the burdens you are really saying that only whites are capable of being held to a high standard .
only if i felt a group was inherently incapable of self - care would i demand others step up .
so clearly the corporate media beleives that latinos are children who whites must take in .
bull shit this so called pussy of god is good for nothing but wiping the ass of his pissedent using his tongue .
the world has seen the inhumane treatment of this poor people , and the death of the innocent children .
i ask where are the jewish people , the true christian , the united nation , the aclu , , and the real americans .
so where is clooney moving to maybe he will move to poland they have not accepted muslim refugees on wait he is for open borders so why is he leaving the uk
my god i posted a lot of nicholas sparks quotes on my facebook 9 years ago .. what was happening in 2008 ?
why did hope hicks quit ?
trump tried to grab her guns .
you ignorant white man remember the system put in place for us to do all of this putting us against each other and making us insecure because we could n't protect our women and children leads to problematic actions down the line it 's bred into the generations .
< user > will you be going on tour ghettobaby
white kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...
yeah i think it happened before when a skinny little pick a ninny muslim manchurian candidate was slipped in to the mainstream of community activism
my schoolmate is selling a katy perry perfume omggg but idk if it is orig or not but yeaaahhh its cheap af ! ! !
most white people are retarded
no need for hateful comments but how are jews not white people
leave one wolf alive and the sheep and whitewalkers are never safe
maybe you should stop spinning dreidels and freebasing pennies while you larp as some paki thot
retweeted 
 @charliekirk11 

 isis getting slaughtered : 

 square miles liberated from isis 
 trump : 26,000 --   obama : 13,200 

 total square miles held by isis 
 trump : 1,930 -- obama : 17,500 

 estimated # of total isis fighters : 
 trump : 1,000 -- obama 35,000 

 # of people freed : 
 trump : 5.3 m -- obama 2.4 m
13   black congressmen boycotted trump inauguration in no small part because he dared mention black   on black murder in chicago during the election .
black leaders   keep say america needs a dialogue on race relations but run way when it happens .
^ you ca n't make this stuff up go have a drink , drown the sorrow of living among primitive asians .
it 's sad if you can actually defend this level of mendacity .
there appears to be no act that could be committed by the dear leader that you would n't support .
only japs are born with pixelated cunts like that .
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide !
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
i am not on a team .
i call them like i see them .
i think it is normal and healthy to be female and abnormal and unhealthy to indulge in the peccatum non nominandum .
i think neo - nazis should be condemned and hamas also .
i think the virgin birth is nonsense and yoga is too .
i think black lives matter and cops ' lives matter too .
i like isaac watts and ca n't stand marty haugan , but i ca n't stay awake long when men in lace are groaning gregorian chant at each other .
i voted for mitt romney and hillary clinton .
nothing is as stupid as a mob .
anybody who forms his convictions by consulting his political party is doomed to become a blithering nincompoop .
bill maher m islam is horrible and mosques should not exist anywhere fuck freedom of religion white liberals o lol it ok
it more it news community looks into the lives of people we d otherwise not know let get real too not so many ghetto phone dindus and skanks
@arcnosey yeah homos suck
@uselesscunt3 @lnddomboss good fag
hahahaha !
this from a guy who did not even know that a shot that hits the post is not a shot on net .
how to describe hypocrisy all the folks calling on trump to call out white nationalism had not been able to call out antifa blm islamicterror how worse can their hypocrisy be
no , absolutely not .
the difference is the reason behind the speech .
we ca n't yell " fire ! "
in a crowded room , unless of course there is a fire .
part of the problem is that too many people ca n't express an opinion without going a bit too far .
do n't like a movie , okay , but some have to prove he movie is unlikable and make insulting comments about the actors .
i loved the original ghostbusters and wonder about the remake .
however , when i see it i may like it .
if i do n't , i wo n't take it personally or feel it necessary to make hate - filled comments .
one of the reasons i think donald trump is dangerous is that too many of his supporters feel empowered to apply hate labels to group historically discriminated against : women , blacks , latinos , asians , etc . ,
etc . ,
etc .
look , if you think you 'll be happier i a religion , even one you only half believe , more power too you .
whatever makes you happy .
as long as you do n't hurt and judge or show bigotry towards anyone , or use your religion as an excuse to act like you 're better than someone , go for it .
it 's your life , life it how you want it .
also , did you post this r / exmuslim ?
this sub is great , but due to the demographics of reddit , the majority of us here and former christians .
you might get some more advice specific to your needs from some fellow exmuslims .
first off - thank you mr .
lamorena for this big look at this project .
i for one , was against this from the moment i read about it years ago , & i'm still against it !
but the big question is , " what are we going to do about it now ? "
that it has become a huge cash cow for a few & a long term sucking sound for the rest of us !
if we could've seen this from the start - & we could have but the $ $ $ barons brainwashed the public into thinking it was the future - so many of us went along like sheep to slaughter ! (
do you hear the violins playing ? )
so what do we do now ? -
well way back then before it began , there was a voice in the confusion that popped up to ask - if we had an alternative ?
& he offered one !
a few listened , but for the most part the $ $ $ barons shut him down & he faded away .
sometime later , he popped up again running for seat in the government beaurocracy .
he didn't make it & again faded away .
let 's find that man & tap him for some solutions shall we ?
i am sure little potato is too busy praising cuban and chinese dictators to worry about it .
uh because women are slow did they let them ask the audience for the answers or make phonecalls too
imagine hitting servers still tho little retards
this going for poc or what ?
i held the door for this japanese man at the gas station ... he looked at me and said " sank u " .
so i punched him in the fcking face , bringing up pearl harbor like that .
i went to buy gars and this random nigga gone ask if i wanna match ...... nigga no !
do n't know you
what 's the difference between my computer and my girlfriend with paranoia my computers sleep function works
i think it more white leftist need to help the poor that leads to the help the minorities bit i do not see anyone pushing to save the asians unless they are literally starving living in bone crushing poverty in some southeastern asian country
you spineless retarded bug how daft are you about propaganda ideal is to strive for gtfo with your postmodern bullshit if i can not define it in precise language it not real
i pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , i do not want to post it here as i think non - whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there .
no mention of his security clearance despite lying on multiple forms and trying to speak to russia behind the government 's back ?
let 's start with that .
except that trump did not get 150 million votes .
he got 63 million votes .
another sick human selling violence just to get likes and views - humans do n't deserve to survive .
the earth will be far better off when homo sapiens kill and toxify themselves out of existence !
what do you call a half vietnamese and half black guy ?
a vinegar
start by banning all chinese drivers .
holy crap .
been to markham lately .
well to be fair , the same thing can be said about me because i like weed .
only worse , because i can be arrested for it .
the morale to the story is , stfu about personal stuff when you 're trying to get a job , or get an apartment .
not being mean , there 's just no reason to disclose that information to potential assholes that can cost you your livelihood .
i like my dog like i like my women ... that s the whole joke .
i m a chinese cannibal .
the rcmp ca nt or wo nt bust the established large growers , like ha
yeah but it not stopping the chinese women it better if the chinese women get there before the black women for sure
muslims do n't either .
radical fanatic islamists do .
the do n't represent muslims any more than anders breivik represents christians .
and you might want to look up the sectarian violence in northern ireland .
the radical jewish settlers who open fire on palestinian civilians in israel , and the way fanatical buddhists treat others in southeast asia .
everyone talking about a double dribble .
it 's curry .
they ai n't callin him for that petty shit .
lol . #
superstartreatment
you touch on psg and inter not having great recognition here in the us .
that factor warrants more attention on your part .
scanning through the event 's list of matches played in the us this summer , the psg / inter match - up warrants a place in the bottom two .
there 's no doubt real / manu would have sold out autzen .
tonight 's chelsea / liverpool match in the rose bowl would have doubled the attendance .
why ?
relocated brits say the barclay 's premier league is more accessible now on tv / tablets for american viewers than it is in england .
isco is the only inter player most can name , and he did n't feature on saturday .
psg 's most recognizable player , zlatan ibrahimovic , now plays for manu.   it sure seems like your column entirely changes if autzen draws a better match .
this nigga just called macaroni and cheese " the white man 's diet " lmaoooooooo y' all are weird .
i heard your mother fucks goats 🐐
< user > < user > and a ching chong and bing bong to you too
it 's all too easy to judge " those women " and consider them " willing victims " -- whatever that may mean .
the fact is that these women were victimized .
how can one be a " willing victim " ?
yes , probably many moved on in their careers because of that , and they certainly would have been stopped in their tracks if they did not .
for those women , it was a choice to agree and continue their job or career , or sometimes , just go on with their life , or to object and lose a job and be blackballed for years , or , sometimes endure even more harassment .
the person who wields the power is always in control .
to place blame on the victim is simply wrong .
why is it so easy to kill a chinese knight ?
because he 's got a chink in his armor .
i have n't seen you here for a while scott , how 's   it going ?
bernie sanders is an idiot looking for a brain .
someone please ask him what race he is talking about .
people from puerto rico are of no particular race .
they are americans of spanish , other european countries , african and asian dissent .
might even be other races that live on the island too .
can he please be specific ?
he needs to stay in the public limelight in hopes in might keep his and his crooked wife 's asses out of prison .
he lied and pressured the bank with his senator position and she lied on the loan application and the bank is out $ 10 million .
just another crooked ass politician with a crooked wife trying to deflect their guilt .
not going to work goofball .
@jisungta @babyhyuckkie u just defined gender dysphoria yes , but the term dysphoria literally means huge amounts of distress .
feeling dysphoria is nt a positive experience !
and i do nt want to center my identity around it
why do indian boys grow beards ?
so they can look like their mothers . _
< elong > xpost : r / sickipedia
mccarthy was a junkie supplied by mr. war on drugs himself ( anslinger ) .
hii @niallofficial , thank you for saving me and showing me the beautiful side of the & # 127757 ; follow me , please ?
i love you ❣ 115 , 887
do you know what the best rape protection is ?
consent .
shit they should all just come to the us then get tf off their land
< user > ditto i do not know how white targeted retailers will stay in business once whites refuse to go out of fear i am not in the shoe industry but i would guess market research would show the market for rockport shoes amongst the ghetto folk to be less than robust
media if you keep calling moderate muslims terrorists you will just end up radicalizing them same media there absolutely no downside to calling all right wing white people nazis
you guys are projecting the " exceptionalism " myth .
it 's a futile thing to even attempt to open minds locked in a cold war narrative and refusing to even consider that things are not even close to what you profess to believe .
because " a man hears what he wants ( is told ) to hear and disregards the rest . "
our u.s. government , up to its usual tricks , destabilized , fomented and financed the overthrow of ukraine 's elected government to the tune of $ 5 billion in order to further goad and weaken russia - which coincidentally does n't have 800 military bases globally .
they do have 1 in syria and always have in crimea .
they did not invade crimea .
they were already there and had possessed it since the time of the american revolution until khruschev ( russian / ukrainian ) gifted it to ukraine in 1953 , never dreaming of the ussr 's demise .
it 's western russia 's most strategic port and the nato - led coup plotters knew that .
https://consortiumnews.com/2016/10/05/new-group-think-for-war-with-syriarussia/
oapi will be partnering with @crashoverridenw to provide them with the tools they need .
brk and buffett have been investors in ibm for decades .
apple is essentially a modern version of ibm .
a high tech company but one with proven tangible mass produced consumer products that generate positive cash flow .
hardly the same as a silicon valley start up .
not really any different than buying something like jnj .
i am sure buffett does n't understand the biology and chemistry behind most of the products produced either .
but he understands that those products are consumed by the masses .
" my boyfriend sends me the sweetest messages all the time and my first reaction is " " what the fuck ? ? ? " " "
nobody cares about u bengali asshole 😂 😂
fuck toy nazi bitch .
you posted a clown world meme .
that 's nazi shit .
mask off !
let 's see if you have the balls to own it .
i do n't tell you to stay in your shitty country .
a person with your lack of intelligence does n't have an option to move internationally .
i said stay out of american politics and go eat a vegemite sandwich crocodile dundeeeeeee ..
i hate our society .
sensitive bunch a cunts .
get over it .
i wanted to do beauty and the beast bangtan but i got sick .
it 's namjin coz we all know jin is the beauty , ok .
< user > kamala harris refused to prosecute the oc police for my false arrests all cases dismissed under her watch is harassment of single attractive white women part of her platform as california ag she did nothing to curb tobacco distribution publichhealth < user > < user >
hearing cynthia lee fontaine 's story on @rupaulsdragrace was inspiring # kickingcancerinthecucu # dragrace
chimmy ching chong great wall
if the spanish government did nothing to prevent the referendum they would have looked weak and ineffectual the catalan nationalists orchestrated today violence because they wanted to make themselves look like martyrs if they held a legal referendum like the scots did they would have lost
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
" there are no suspicious funds being wired to trump bank accounts .
trump 's tax returns ( like romney 's and clinton 's ) are just going to be hundreds of pages of schedule c 's and form 1065 's , some of which will show losses . "
and you know this how exactly ?
in truth , until trump actually releases his tax returns you , along with everyone else , know nothing .
how is it racist ?
he never said black inmates or asian inmates .
i 've heard that expression used throughout my life and never did i ever assume there was any racial tilt to that saying .
perhaps you 're the racist because in your mind the word inmate automatically makes you think an inmate is other than white ?
so you define " peace and tranquility " as avoidance of controversy ?
if so , you should practice what you preach .
i recall one from you wherein you asked , " what 's wrong with white supremacy ? "
mote .
beam .
take any dna test with a mountain of salt .
goys are incapable of thinking .
final solution is what hitler and the nazis called the slaughter of millions of jews , gays , prostitutes , and sometimes homeless .
oh and just wait for my latest , greatest mukilteo beacon submission to get published ...
obama on the united states as a christian nation : 
 obama , june 28 , 2006 ( prepared remarks ): given the increasing diversity of america 's population , the dangers of sectarianism have never been greater .
whatever we once were , we are no longer just a christian nation ; we are also a jewish nation , a muslim nation , a buddhist nation , a hindu nation , and a nation of nonbelievers .
what he actually said was delivered clumsily , but the meaning was the same : 
 obama , june 28 , 2006 ( as delivered ): whatever we once were , we are no longer a christian nation – at least , not just .
we are also a jewish nation , a muslim nation , a buddhist nation , and a hindu nation , and a nation of nonbelievers .
for a fuller explication , see : http://www.factcheck.org/2008/08/obama-and-the-christian-nation-quote/
liberal haters are out in force today .
a study has found that lesbian couples are twice as likely to divorce as heterosexual couples hardly surprising it not hard to walk out the door when there two locks and no key
it is a battle nobody wins .
that is why you warn not to go there .
that 's to stop all the gypsies that do nt actually need to beg from begging .
have you ever been to europe there s thousands of them they beg and while your back is turned to give them money their friends pick pocket you .
those people returning to diamond head and having to be re - cited and removed buttress my argument for city / state tent sanctuaries with toilet facilities and policing .
you can not insist on housing first for people who do n't want it or shelters .
you can assist those on temporary hard times but not the hard - core street livers who refuse to give up their tents and tarps .
there 's a very long list of cities which have gone the tent sanctuary route .
why our leaders keep trying to persuade us that housing solves all confounds me .
they spent huge sums policing and cleaning the slopes of diamond head and shooing homeless from one iwilei street to another , from one park to another .
we should be shooing them to tent sanctuaries on city and state land .
with their own tents --- not into those community tents which were the downfall of frank fasi 's effort at aala park .
they ai n't social creatures !
what do you call a cow that was shot in the head ?
moolala
another sick human selling violence just to get likes and views - humans do n't deserve to survive .
the earth will be far better off when homo sapiens kill and toxify themselves out of existence !
< user > same for white nationalism and fascism that ’ you
your kids should nt worry about getting shot american kids get more
are there really that many gay people ? !
< user > remember when her dad hung out with a ukrainian neo nazi or when he called his captors gooks
" bell , chief executive of engineering firm f. robert bell and associates , said he entered the 2012 race reluctantly and late .
he did so only after john minge , former ceo of bp alaska and his engineering firm ’s biggest client , called him and urged him to run . "
if i recall correctly , big oil had calculated that they could easily get rid of hollis since they had just orchestrated a " gerrymandering " scheme which took hollis 's hard core constituency away .
at the time , in their arrogance , they were strutting their stuff in the mistaken belief that any half way known candidate , of their choosing , would be a slam dunk in removing their nemesis , hollis french .
man , did they get an education , now we have to endure the big " whine " that bell did n't have enough dough .
geeez .
do n’t you just hate it ... when i slipped is n’t a valid excuse in court for releasing a plague that killed off an entire country ?
you chinky eyes piece of shit
you do n't even know anything about the clinton foundation , davis .
haha
@ellaneshia _ i 'm not overlooking racism .
i hate racism just as anyone else does .
yes it 's an issue and will forever be an issue .
it 's just crazy how nothing has to be said about the color of anyone 's skin , but it be brought up regardless .
yes , i hate that and i wish it 'd stop .
everyone is
just bought my mum tickets to see take that that she went on about wanting to go to allll weekend and bless her she 's so excited & # 128586 ;
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide !
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
real street nigga ain t get nothing but some pain from it
lachy you gay at fornite lazerbeam then you even ali a boiii
what in the hillbilly did i just hear < user >
wishing for a white wignat christmas 🎄
then go back to india bitch where the brownies shit in a gutter and get sold into marriage by their dads to the highest bidder .
i don''t know a soul with an ounce of awareness and intelligence who is surprised by the arc - liberals on the fcc wanting to censor any media that disagrees with it .
once , liberal democrats were stout defenders of free speech and free speech and free media .
that was until the most arc - liberal democrat barack hussein obama .
president donald trump is probably the only public official who can stop them , and if he is unable to do so , get ready for a serious revolution against the fcc and its communist - leaning   democrats .
fight back ; never surrender to liberals democrats and communists and sharia following terrorist ( or democrats ) who try to steal our constitutional rights against government as establish by the found fathers .
i wanted to do beauty and the beast bangtan but i got sick .
it 's namjin coz we all know jin is the beauty , ok .
< user > chinaman satanist lee hsien loong malaysian criminals have been gossiping false information to the ntuc supermarket sembawang mart staff since mid < number > swift discoveries if questioned
fucking mint when i 've lost all my photos for textiles & # 128076 ;
wait omar ?
you mean the woman that was running around yelling allahu akbar pretending that it was a peaceful word and has nt been used as a war cry for 1200 years and she hate israel ? ?
this insane radical woman is part politics now and is one of our leaders ?
wtf
so far as i have seen , it has n't .
be a jewish sjw white male hating fashion designer get attacked on a london train by a shitskin be angry at white men for not saving her forgive shitskin attacker what happened to men and women are the same bs
< user > i can not even decide who to look at they all look amazing
question has folklore of the days past ever caused violence in society violence anxiety cause violence in society story lessons past blame game judging art
innocent and guilty are the wrong words .
dangerous is the operative concept .
if you remove the economic danger , three - quarters of abortions would not occur .
end the social consequences of teenage pregnancy and another fifth go away .
the physically dangerous ones , however , are not immoral to end .
the homosexual ?
you have no evidence to support this post .
we know women acted as priests in the early church .
you are retroactively applying the church paradigm of the middle ages to the early church .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > yea do you think any of those guys know what race is 😂 😂 😂 you are projecting your obsession with white people onto others
i do not lilke the refugee stuff it will come back to bite oz in the ass let them stand and fight
i 'd bend you over and fuck you until cum leaks down your ass
it 's interesting how dogs from different countries make different sounds ... for instance an american dog goes woof , a czech dog goes haf , a dutch dog goes blaf and a chinese dog goes sizzle .
notwithstanding marriyum aurangzeb sahiba 's political standing in her own right , amongst the many positives that maryam nawaz brought to the pakistani political arena , bringing our female politicians to the centre - stage is one of the most notable ones . #
pakistanstandswithmaryam url
white supremacy someone will take that rifle and shove it up his ass url
vietnamese are obviously asians mizoram and assamese with slanted eyes are clearly asians living assimilating in india they are not genetically indian what are you not understanding race is different from culture
go neck yourself dirty nigger here in europe nazism is growing we will get all you non whites and kill you all
i swear y' all make the most stupid shit / people go viral ! ! !
fuck this bitch .
fuck ice .
fuck amerikkka .
free every undocumented person / child .
url
africa is full of horrible savage humans
i have written you an email
i like people like good teeth should be white , straight and clean ( none of that black or yellow bullshit )
< user > the wrench and hammer are deep fake additions that chinazi pig came over ready to kill someone
maybe some asians will complain because a asian kid is used for the adoption when most asian countries will not adopt out to gays .
people today treat harmless stuff like cat called and wolf whistle as sexual harassment in the meanwhile real rapists get a free pass because of muh diversity this is why feminazi countries like sweden have turned into rape capitals
.@notchrissmith free market .
they get what they negotiate .
producers feel it 's fair or not .
the actor / actress can accept or not . #
askhermore
obama did not do enough for black people not even god can do enough it impossible maybe if they ship in whites and asians and paint them black
this is a temporary solution .
the real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
alex jones is falsely reporting that franks did not want to have sex with the women he tried to pay to be surrogate mothers
should be locked up for this , wonder how long he 'll end up serving , maybe a week if we are lucky in this country .
laicization is easier to understand if you think , not in terms of priesthood and sacramental ordination , but in terms of the clerical state and clerical status .
laicization at least assumes the validity of ordination , but definitively removes the authority of the cleric to act as a cleric would except in emergencies and other closely defined instances ( like teaching in a catholic school , college , university or seminary ) .
the only other status that church law recognizes is the lay state , hence a man [ sic ] who has lost his clerical " privileges " is said to be " reduced to the lay state , " to obviate any consideration of the laicized man exercising clerical or priestly functions without further action by the holy see .
your retarded threat is ambiguous and reflects a posturing loser with all bark and no teeth if you were scary you would not need to spew words you would just be pretending your fake phone call harassment was effective bodes ill fakersgonnafake
yeah i do nt mind chinks they need to stay in chink land though to many coming to my country
top players women jr colleges are black but they are from places like liberia uganda ethiopia senegal they are not american blacks and they are as tall as < number > < number > women many look like men is this really america
you 're pretty for an asian .
apparently slave is nt a nono - word and frankly i m fine with refering to whiten't peapole as slaves so no harm done right ?
" ............. the mayor ( pinocchio ) said the o&m cost subsidy would be $ 140 million per year . "
where 's the comments from the 70 % in support ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
why was the gay japanese kid so scared to come out to his parents ?
the last time a gay dropped the bomb it killed 80,000 people
macron says that africa problems are civilizational and blames women who have < number > or < number > kids great so then let bring < number > million of them to europe mr macron you are a genius
the most official report put out on the number of deaths in those camps was the report by the red cross .
i was just sleeping for all those times .
i was n't hungry or thirsty , all i wanted to do was to sleep .
i could barely talk cos of sleep
i 'm sorry ( not sorry ) but i don't blame him ! ! !
i see her side too , but white women started this .
this goes all the way back to slavery days .
not that i do n't support the me too movement or they do n't have a valid and warranted platform , but it 's a catch 22 situation .
it 's simple , do n't give anyone a reason or evidence to create a narrative against you .
white women want to be equal but they are always playing victim too and you ca n't have it both ways .
black is the opposite of white ... this thread will be locked and you know i 'm right .
seriously get to a therapist or a decent honky tonk bar they can help you
canada already does a lot of trade with the others ( ie , asians ) , and the others ( ie , asians ) already make up a significant portion of our population and economy .
so to suggest that canadians have some hidden racist fear of the others ( ie , asians ) is ludicrous , lame and somewhat insulting , really .
canadians , it would appear , simply just do n't want companies controlled by the communist party of china to own our natural resources .
yes the nation has spoken .
so come on donald , lets see what the hell you can do ?
anything ?
i doubt it .
your hero , dragoninwater is a fraud .
come on it been over a hundred days and what do we have from him ?
oh , that 's right , a shiney new wall that mexico is paying for and isis has been destroyed .
you phony conservatives sure are gullible .
< url > < number > < number > of u states now have < number > or more immigrants and < number > states have over < number > immigrants as of < number > the u had < number > million legal illegal immigrants now it < number > million and growing by 1 m < number > m a year california is now < number > immigrant
first reparations , now glorifying violence ... that s the radical left for ya
i wish her well and admire her courage .
recently completed my first round trip on the dalton .
my truck took beating as did my dog and i.   as for the truckers that passed ( all thousand of them it seemed ) , the vast majority acted very professionally .
when a truck approached head on , if there was time and no one behind me , i would slow down and even pull off if able .
when the approaching truck saw that i was yielding to them , they often slowed a little as well and seemed to do what they could to not " rock me . "
once when i pulled off the shoulder to view something , a trucker even stopped his rig to ask if i needed help .
i view the " haul road " as their road , upon which i am a guest .
i respect the willingness of a bicycler to get really out there into alaska , but it seems   too dangerous ( rocks to the face , lack of emergency care , world 's hungriest mosquitos , almost nowhere for repairs if needed) ... but on the other hand , some of the most beautiful views in this most beautiful state .
when many people mostly white talk about hispanics being naturally conservative they think just because most of them are family oriented and not in agreement with a radical gay agenda and other libtard obsessions that they are conservative in the larger view as too article mentions not true houck is right
justin your chinese friends are not nice folks !
it 's incredible , @daire_tully , that you and your ilk actually think there is something wrong with opposing jihad mass murder and sharia oppression of women , gays , and others .
and you do n't even see what you 're enabling .
url
< user > < user > < user > < user > i know this also applies to very light colored peps not standard western white dude white but lighter as that some asians got a problem or scandinavian
when in extremely advantageous positions , in situations he described as ideal , without provocation or known purpose , he often acted in such a way as to lose all that he said he found desirable and to make failure inevitable and spectacular .
why was the chinese dude confused while going down on his girl ?
it was different from the pussy he normally ate .
what do you get when you cross a chinese man with a black man ?
a car thief who ca n't drive
get rid of those fucking muslims !
the nasty ones that wo n't assimilate , rape women , beat children , threaten democracy , plan terror attacks , assault innocent secular people and force their disgusting religion on everyone else by way of violence .
assimilate or get the fuck out or be prepared to die !
noobcel needs help 
 i only recently found this sub and finally identified with dating experiences ( more like the lack of them).can some of you help me get started , i already started swallowing blackpills left and right here
our very " lustful thoughts " - along with everything about our humanity - during the eucharist are consecrated into the body and blood of jesus and are a constitutive element of our holy communion with each other .
[ actually white people of " un certain age " - especially white men - should generally not be encouraged to dance in public - regardless of how the spirit moves them .
it 's just not a pretty thing to watch .
who wants to have those images stuck in our heads ? ...
sorry ... ]
a girl who getting it in school and work .... i applaud you !
y'all the real bitches !
y'all doing what you do and doing it well !
oh look , another weak willed , dumpy upper middle class white millennial that bases his existence on consuming media .
how dare drumpf , do n't you know that quinton is enlightened ?
he knows plenty of brown people , and they 're all great like the staff at los amigos where he goes every saturday night with his majority white , middle class , like minded friends and the one brown person that shares the same stale sentiments that lack self awareness .
< user > even their fellow asians hate them 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
" @theyblades " " yo my coach at work plays guitar in a fucking powerviolence band " " me- " " what 's the name of the band ? " " " "
cutie " " me- omf bdevries "
i think danny devito should play mulan .
i mean , race and sex does n't matter anymore , so pick somebody who actually has talent .
also lmao at her shooting a bow xd where did they get this failed abortion ?
isssa mah dooty to fight teh mongorians tryna break down mah sheeety wall bing bong ching ching dong
i can totally relate to this , i spent some weeks backpacking in europe and the best part was all the people i got to meet and hang out with .
the topic of being gay came out organically with a few of them but over all it was n't relevant most of the time , which was a break from it being so back home .
like others who have commented here i live in a conservative country and i feel it gets in the way of most guys trusting and opening up to me .
it would be nice to meet guys at home like the ones i met while traveling but it 's been rare .
i can kill yourself just blew out
what do you call a chinese woman with one leg ?
irene
i 'll see your murder - suicides and raise you ten or more dead little girls shot in their beds through the walls of their houses by gang bangers-- black , hispanic and asian , spraying their own neighborhoods with random shots while high on drugs .
and the black ones wearing " warn - a - brother " t - shirts to threaten the good , honest , people in the neighborhood so they wo n't testify against the scum .
fbi statistics say those are the deaths ; the victims are the same race as the murderers .
you did n't like the chicago tribune articles that showed those facts when i published them here on cc ; i can go to a different city ....
dapping up your skinny homies is annoying man you got ta be ready for a powerful embrace stop stumbling bro you scaring the women
sheriff ed galt you know something amigo i think i just spotted a chink in your armor when you go down it going be over a skirt watching last man standing
crosses illegally and gets accepted what a shock , this country is gon na burn
bs 21 caused the budget crisis before the oil price dropped .
i am impressed how big of a deal is race for americans .
my upvote is yours .
white people think cause they was raised by black people they can say nigga what
notice some comments being heavinly brigaded here 
 u / azavii shut it down
woe to europe which rejected god and bible and results in the curse also cancer of muslim refugees who are invader and freeloaders and barbaric sharia fellows
< user > < user > < user > < user > i know this also applies to very light colored peps not standard western white dude white but lighter as that some asians got a problem or scandinavian
pft this is not news he plays for palestine and gaza and all that shit all the time he a well known muzzie kook like cat stevens
yall check out my music & # 128175 ; let me know if you fucking with it !
refugees welcome but no irish comedies have to be poorly written now so that mexicans and asians will get the jokes yeah you know what life is too short to listen to this radiohead album mpcstatusupdates
our governments refuse to give us justice eventually that leads to us fucking taking it whether i hold these opinions or not it eventually all leads to and devolves into a violence contest in the end
1 .
you have n't wasted anyones time at all 2 .
you can talk to people hear there are people who care and willing to listen 3 .
i too struggled with my sexuality when i was younger and i found it isolating growing up in a time when lgbt were n't as accepted as they are now .
i found things that helped me come to terms with it .
4 .
what is it that frightens you so much about being who you are ?
this is the america that has now & always encouraged white supremacist violence & degradation . #
ados have no ownership or agency in this evil .
we are victims .
url
take a look at that sign fighting for women of all genders no there is only < number > female gender
" that ai n't bro moves , that 's hoe moves "
what could the point possibly be in having the chinese watch hockey ?
with all the teams in the nhl now and the overload of young non talented players it is n't worth watching until the playoffs .
ca n't you just see teams wanting to fly to china for a weekend series against shanghai ?
ridiculous !
yeah but white men are the worst .
best or not asians are not whites and they will bring all the negative and alien externalities with them that make white people feel like strangers in their own land
< user > < user > hi i hate asians
you 're wrong .
n. korea is dumb enough .
they sank a s. korean warship , fired on a s. korean island .
sent missiles over japan .
kidnapped hundreds of japanese women as well as s. korean movie people .
killed that poor kid .
run concentration camps for hundreds of thousands of people who are forced to eat grass and rats .
they live in a bubble and kim thinks he is a god .
sure they are dumb enough .
is anyone willing to make that bet ?
@unhcr_arabic the only things , that legal iraqi refugees are looking for , are : living in peace , safe , stability&settling situation .
rescue iraqi refugees from long waiting in the host countries .
rescue iraqi refugees from delaying their files&help them to process their files # standwithiraqirefugees
instagram must really be messing up letting ghettos little sluts follow me
i agree with you on that but that kind of ignores the struggles us minorities go through .
we need a time where we feel important and where our struggles are more known . (
ex : pride month , black history month , asian / pacific islander month , etc ) .
do n't really trust saudi but let them fight iran and not us .
i do n't buy crap from china .
i carefully look at the labels of everything that i buy , and do n't buy anything from mainland china .
i do n't consider taiwan part of china , and try to buy clothing made in north america or se asia .
wish i can literally wear whatever the fuck i wanna wear to work .
hate rules .
do nt got worry bout shit when your self employed and eating crab legs and steak at home .
your gay autist go eat your nightly can of beans
it 's obviously much easier to take pot shots from the fringe rather than having to be accountable in the full light of day .
we best keep an eye on that one , just like we would any extremist .
the gender gap is closing for asset managers — but people of color remain underrepresented compared to the larger industry and population , forcing firms to look beyond broad , binary classifications .
find a breakdown of company - specific data here : url url
@ippatel @cpmumbaipolice @mumbaipolice @dev_fadnavis it 's all conspiracy war strategy by kathmullah which they briefed every friday after ass lifting , how to keep reducing and increasing islam by killing and converting , mumbai police is failed to understand this even they were helping
pretty girls ugly faces proves we deserve a ' hot ' women , as we lookmatch them when they do n't wear make up !
give me a fucking break as if there is something to debate here blacks are inferior to whites and asians by every measure that why black communities are an absolute mess if you believe in evolution you have to accept equality is a myth
thanks , that was very helpful .
so who else is " inferior " to your kind in the global human hierarchy ?
lazy latinos ?
crooked jews ?
shifty asians ?
backward arabs ?
please educate us .
sneaky asians affirmative action is was always anti anglo
i visited tiananmen square in 1989 out of 10 stars , i 'd give it a 10,000 .
it like < number > < number > points above american whites in japan and south korea tbh but this is what happens when hostile aliens control your country watch out if you are eyeing south korea though since the importation of jungle asians and poo in the loos is occurring on the downlow
dude , racism is n't a bipolar criteria .
i know some racist old rich men who dates attractive women of color particularly asians yet yaps all over how other non - white races are inferior and a lot of disgusting ugly words about them .
how is this possible ?
racism is fueled by favoritism , need to win and beat other races sometimes by unfair and machiavellian ways , need for fragile external ego .
dating an attractive non - white woman would n't surprise me of trump .
also being nice to black people in front of their faces and not behind closed doors is a hallmark of two - faced snarky individuals .
there are racists that are less smart and others who know when being racist publicly would have costs .
imagine you were a racist white guy who walked up to a group of muscular black youth and told them they were n*ggers .
does n't necessarily prove he 's clearly a racist via proof but trump does n't speak against racism and reeks of hubris .
justin trudeau may be living dangerously , but he 's certainly governing foolishly .
why has he attended numerous cash for access fundraising dinners with wealthy chinese businessmen ?
why has n't he been held to account on this ?
why is he increasing immigration levels substantially without any public debate or input ?
our real estate is so overvalued , especially in canada 's larger cities and bringing in more immigrants will put more pressure on existing housing stock and drive prices up to even more ridiculous levels .
bill tremblay : do you know how much we fund k12 education today ?
how about more than $ 22,000 per student and growing .
pelican school district has 11 kids and costs $ 54,000 per student .
it even has a superintendent .
greed , just pure greed .
alaska spends more than any other state on k12 education per capita .
herro prease .
i do not want to hear about systemic racism and power privilege from asians and kikes since they are statistically wealthier than us shut the fuck up
poc / minority nazis deserve to be tortured to death , not shot in the head like a regular white nazi .
url
< user > crazy rich rich asians 😍 😍 😩
why was the chinese dude confused while going down on his girl ?
it was different from the pussy he normally ate .
me and my man fuck bitches together
why this guy is trying to apply western liberal enlightened thought to an asian muslim country is beyond me
< user > < user > let me tell you something to stupid toad you want to talk about racism let us talk about the case of channon christian and christopher newsom in tennessee two white kids carjacked both raped tortured and murdered by < number > blacks it did not even make national news
why are pills white ?
because they work .
< user > < user > btw nice job threatening violence against an elected official you mongoloid
ben you seem to be confusing a corrupt political practice with racism .
or maybe you are a liberal politician .
it happened to be a chinese\liberal event so let the racism accusation die there .
this is happening in all circles .
canadian tax payer money is at risk because of favors granted to the people that go to these events .
not just chinese people !
these dinners are wrong .
why is there always some liberal beating the racism drum and not seeing the real picture .
you ca n't hide everything by screaming racism .
if you have n't noticed there has been a lot of these articles about liberal sponsored dinners .
how ridiculous .
just start your own crew and start advertising it in your flyers or whatever if you are atcually active you should email me i ' m trying to set up a network of all the serious white nationalists across canada .
normal incels just hate cunts .
this is so stupid .
what ’s the difference between an indian women and an indian cow ?
police will stop me from raping a cow ...
how much is too much ?
regarding overreaching of government regulation , you can not and will not ever be successful in legislating common sense !
< user > just be thankful someone bullied you in boston but in fact did not call you a faggot
pause has anyone listened to the txt album i m listening right now and i its so goos lesbians help i m vibrating
i like my dog like i like my women ... that s the whole joke .
i m a chinese cannibal .
" " " also because i really- i really like you .
i mean .
you 're smart and fuckin ' adorable .
you 're the smartest kid i know but you 're the only one "
why would a korean be offended if a chinese person dress like a war - torn korean ?
why would a jewish person be offended by a german dressing like a stereotypical jew ?
why would a native american be offended by a white american mocking their misfortune at the hands of their oppressor ?
why would a black person , with african roots , whose ancestors were enslaved and   killed feel good about being mocked in what some called a cinematic work of art : the birth of a nation .
a movie that featured white actors in black - face , who were portrayed as murderers and heathens before the klan saved the day .
the reason , in most instances , is that most of us are not informed or just ignorant .
so , why do n't we make this personal ... think of the worst thing someone could do to a family member , and then imagine them showing up next halloween at your doorstep wearing your family members likeness .
ca n't express how happy i am to officially be working at the prison , ca n't wait to graduate from the academy in the summer
this paper should just shut up .
you guys keep saying build , build , build do n't worry about taxing the residents   oto death and worry about the tourist   now .
i 'm sick and tired of reading all this bs every day in the paper sanctuary city , roads falling apart ,   rename the airport to some asian senator , rail does not need to be completed to ala moana .
bottom line rail is a complete and utter disaster was sold on lies , misinformation , corruption , and deceit .
it was supposed to go to uh for a cost of $ 3 billion and now it 's over 10 billion to go to the shopping mall .
no one knows how much the final price tag will be or what the maintenance cost will be or how are you been in my power to this thing .
the ridership numbers are also bs this thing is not going to be having much customers because it is useless .
people talk about how hard it is to be black in america these days ... but what about being white ?
like fuck , we 're actually almost on a level playing field .
our grandparents had it easy as shit .
fine .
but it has to work all ways .
no asian can every play a role designed for a non asian .
no woman can ever play a role designed for a man and vice versa .
and why stop there : no woman can ever write from the male perspective .
no one can every write what non immigrants , or old immigrants ' feel ' about new immigrants .
no black person can every write anything depicting the thoughts or actions of a white person .
you see how ridiculous this all is ?
to all my muslim homies stay blessed today < number > real
the current crop of battery electric vehicles are substantially inferior compared to their ice cousins .
walks into a post office to buy stamps .
me ( hmong american ): : hello , i would like to get the pixar stamps .
clerk : : * takes out chinese new year stamps , while smiling like she made my day * i think you 'll like these .
me : : * looks at her and the stamps ... * no , it 's okay .
i 'll just get the pixar ones .
clerk : : * pushes the stamps forward * awkward silence of me thinking ... me : : okay * buys and walks away * clerk : : xie xie wtf ? !
with a tickle in my tummy ... did this just really happen to me ... ?
the cbc is now reporting exactly which rebel group burned the buses that were to evacuate civilians : 

 " the opposition 's britain - based syrian observatory for human rights said the al - qaeda - affiliated fatah al - sham front was behind sunday 's assault on the buses .
the insurgent group had been dragging its feet over approving the evacuation deal . " -
cbc 

 let 's clarify a couple of points here .
the syrian observatory for human rights is pro - rebel .
the same report said that the buses were destroyed in fighting between fatah al - sham and a syrian rebel faction .
as was the case in east aleppo , idlib province is largely controlled by the hard - line islamic terrorist group fatah al - sham . (
it was formerly called al - nusra front , and a couple of other names before that . )
intermingled with those terrorists are some actual syrian rebel groups .
sometimes they work together , sometimes they fight each other .
either way , they 're clearly not a suitable replacement for the syrian government .
blacks are human we are all just human no boomer cucks and sjw parasites we are different blacks are not human nor are asians and arabs they are sub species
miss the chinaman in the hood yo
there 's a chink in his armor .
gook .
her dad looks black to .
maybe he was passing & did n't realize his wife was to lol .
to me it 's about ethics .
ethical slut ?
you do you !
unethical slut ?
shameful .
i m a sensitive bitch who takes shit too seriously
i 'd pound her fuck hole with your cum on her face
politics live two fat tories saying they do nt know why over < number > people died on our street and that the care as much as labour about people they cut 3 8 billion the women said we are giving < number > million back they really are sick
india is one nasty , dirty , filthy , germsy , lawless country .
why would that lil black girl lie about them white kids cutting her dreads that why they play hella games wid black people already annoying as fuck
women are giving you more attention because they mistook the sexual dating market with the actual dating market .
in these days , most women chase the top 20 % of guys in their young days to fuck with and then come back to guys like you to get children and settle down .
you have to ask yourself if you are fine with a deal like that .
the only reason why they are with you is because you can provide for them , they do nt love you .
its up to you to decide if that is enough .
trump closeted hatred of dark skinned people from shithole countries will come to hurt hispanics italian americans koreans and so on a bigot and racist does not stop at just one race to be scapegoated it white supremacist self adoration narcissism
why listen to the same old hate america and show that mental illness is a good thing to evolve into ? ?
who the hell invited this faggot
all my friends and peers are being openly racist towards asians and this bitch is not having it
" if we do n't fix the dividend , certainly everything indicates it will go away in the next couple of years , " walker said ......... it certainly will go away as long as our politicians use the pfd as their personal piggy bank when ever they ca n't fix a budget , just dip into the funds and take it from the public .
what do you get when you cross an asian and a black .
a poor kid that ca n’t drive or get a job .
" oh you fucked him too the conversations w " " friends " " "
good evening men are trash
as opposed to the borrow and no bid repubs ?
oh just ducky .................. now we will have male 's with criminal records identifying as females , and get a female picture on their drivers license .
just one more thing making it difficult for the   police ................ to do their job .
i am sure katie will be signing up .................
@sheilagunny @madywaterer but labour mps will do nothing about it , they are a bunch of sheep following their leader , happy to go along with the party shite on being anti semitic .
seeing their leader happy to sit down with terrorists and decry the jews all for the muslim votes .
so finally and reluctantly canada dairy farmers are catching up .
there are 9 months of the year that cows can be grazed outside but   the so called " farmers " chose not   to do so .
and how   does this make new zealand dairy poisoned
@jakelouvier @aaronscott3113 if u ai nt a christian i m a stab u in the face
i can understand how you feel , but i have to say , i am glad .
the reason is that american universities used to have very particular about giving tenure and one of the biggest things was a person 's research and publishing .
any black , or even gray , mark on them , was enough to prevent tenure .
shoots , even when somebody transferred to a different university , it was rare that tenure transferred with .
now , things are different .
the one group that is desperately needed to be looked into , are the asian , esp chinese , researchers , esp .
the ones that are here in the states .
so many lies .
we regret to inform you that your mother has aids and minorities are genetically less intelligent than whites .
thank you url
they did n't .
why was the gay japanese kid so scared to come out to his parents ?
the last time a gay dropped the bomb it killed 80,000 people
trump should pardon shekreli and deport the gook judge
comes back < number > minutes later with some black metal bullshit lyrics try to and prop up a shitty meme made by a gook fucker as a last stand damn i really did piss you off serously though just read mason book
@larry davisson cool , first of all you hate all black 's no matter what their plight in life is .
this is what 's happening ; you represent the mind set of all un - american conservative trump supporters .
stop dividing our great country with your conservative hate , bigotry and racism .
leave , go someplace else .
your not welcome here in america .
conservatives like you enjoy seeing black ' men murdered .
the officer murdered an unarmed man and got away with it .
pretty simple , not much to analyze .
theresa may wants to remain in the eu attacking russia attacking america by arresting brittany two huge deals could now be in jeopardy i hope the russians or the arabs get may
how terrible is stirling for shopping btw & # 128555 ; fucking shite
this faggot is under the influence of dick fuck this homo and his subversion tactics .
usa was founded for white christian people , if you 're not one or the other than leave .
you are probably right but the travel ban also did nothing to improve secutity for either hqwaii or the country as a whole .
just another example of how republicans are ruled by imaginary fears .
the muslims are coming for your women .
be afraid , be very afraid .
similar to the commie threat when republicans   preached be afraid of the russians or chinese .
they are coming to take over the country .
man , refugees are making it easy for the far - right .
crimes like that linger in people 's minds .
day 2 of movie challenge - last movie watched - the interview , seth rogen & amp ; james franco being inappropriate as usual & # 128565 ;
actually , i believe that all of these companies are really screwed up making advances , esp whirl pool / kitchen aide .
still , the equipment allows for individuals to make replacements and more importantly , the company does a great job of handling either repairs or getting parts , esp .
old parts .
but , there is a lot of good ideas that can be done , which are not .
too bad .
i wish people should have to be granted a license in order to procreate
leave one wolf alive and the sheep and whitewalkers are never safe
top players women jr colleges are black but they are from places like liberia uganda ethiopia senegal they are not american blacks and they are as tall as < number > < number > women many look like men is this really america
@sushmaswaraj @narendramodi rot in hell , mother of terror , may peace never come to you .
burn her body and post videos you moron indian nation
@andygreenradio 1,2,3,4 that like what some idiot would have on his luggage
+ jessica n i do n't think you are a fit to be a parent , if you get pregnant you should abort your child .
anti trump protesters set us flag alight during portland march so disgusting men and women risk there lifes fighting under this flag every day go fucking move to mexico or north korea if you do not like democracy or go to germany and get raped and then realise how fortunate you are
deport them immediately .
these are inhumane conditions and look like concentration camp .
get the moslems to do it
@sinfulroulette @daddy_nickj and i always make that tight pussy squirt all over this big black cock .
i agree .
i want a black female to play queen elizabeth .
or an asian actor to play hamlet .
or an indian actor to play romeo .
sirs i thinkk u miss andrew asian persuasion anglin saysing we need muh optics and say it ok to sex the vagene of asians for fun
@saddestspiral yup yup amen gay baby boomers fuck off challenge
paying russia and fusion gps for fake news was a desperate act .
@alaquannd what you laughing at hoe
my friends highkey got that bitch personality i fucking hate them
she 's a woman , and nowadays women can act like pieces of shit and be called ' strong ' or ' empowered' ... its so fucking stupid .
people are ignorant , ill leave it at that .
this is another glaring case of the social media trying to fabricate some monstrous atrocity , rather than doing factual , investigative reporting .
anybody that knows fishermen in the pacific northwest and alaska , there are lots of boats where the crew lives most of the time , their health coverage is up to them , there are n't any benefits except a percentage of the catch , room and board .
it 's not an easy life , for bering sea crabbers , it is one of the most dangerous jobs in the us .
it 's archaic to think boat crews need unions at this point , for union - like rights or hype up the foreign fishermen crew life .
there are men that want to work on the sea , been that way for thousands and thousands of years .
it would have been more informative to see an article of interviews about what foreign fisherman on us boats like and dislike .
one reason why they might not leave the boat is they do n't speak english at all .
communist leaning colored citizens abusing their positions of authority targeting other chinky citizens for harm by other entitled citizens of color show of hands who thinks this is ok
recommend me good books about islam islam and women thank you
just goes to show you how psychotic these girls are in their " party years . "
if you want to be with me , then i do n't want to be with you and vice versa lol .
endless amount of mind games and shit tests to gauge whether you are desperate or needy/ have other options .
i 'm going through something similar with a plate , even though we just met .
ca n't even continue when the girl is already shit testing and applying dread game to see if i 'll chase lol .
uttar pradesh cm @myogiadityanath to unveil lord ram statue in ayodhya today .
here 's a report on this . #
itvideo url url
why the chinese are brighter than the jews
sounds like someone that is mentally ill .
what if you are asian no one counts asians who sell burritos a world wide dish not even in hrmsuperwhite west coast portland < number > of < number > billion who cares
typical fascist rationale
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
deport all blacks , muslims , gays and liberals , , everything will be ok forever
nobody burned down any homes .
one limo was burned .
the perp was identified and charged .
that 's how our system of justice is supposed to work .
terrorists mowing demonstrators down with cars is not how our system works .
get the difference ?
no , i did n't think so .
nigga shut up lol i 'm done here been done .
i ca n't wait to fuck your mother in two .
dead voters illegal immigrant voters felon voters they do not vote for republicans do they hehehehehe auditthevote
dude just tried to square up bc we do nt have native american costumes man get yo white ass outta here
rata street new lynn very busy as people try to get to new lynn .
great north road closed !
bus 's deviate .
plan trip around ! #
flooding
it be cheaper than paying for oil tax credits ...
as far as tuition is concerned , the state has said that tuition is free for all seniors in oregon at all state universities and community colleges .
that would solve one of your issues right there .
of course , lcc would still charge them an " ltd fee " and every other fee known to academia , so maybe that would n't work there .
( that 's based on personal experience when i checked into a class at lcc .
wound up taking a better class in the same field at the u of o without all of lcc 's bogus ' fees ' . )
an innocent child killed in the crossfire for nothing more than being in the wrong place at the wrong time , but there is never a right time to be caught in crossfire , not even the target intended now so many families ruined
let everyone be there self gay lesbian by or straight when if ur going to love someone love them for who they are
eugene , 

 thank you for asking that " elephant in the room " question of " what are we known for being for , or for actually doing ? "
because it is going to make a lot of adventists very uncomfortable .
why ?
because , as you 've pointed out , we 're not giving the world a powerful and compelling example of applied christianity for others to emulate .
my family and i had the blessing of meeting desmond doss on several occasions and i can tell you that he stands tallest in the memories of my children as a positive role model .
we need a multitude such positive role models who are making a difference in our world in a variety of ways .
we need people who are recognized for applying their faith to improving the lives of others as jesus did instead of just talking theology that is theoretical because it does n't change then or anyone else .
why are chinese kids so good at math ?
because their dog does n’t eat their homework
are there any credible 3rd party analysts out there ?
i mean treb can only manipulate the market for so long ( and keep their silo of dirty information secret ) .
what happened to their court case ?
or , is it another case of a billion dollar financed industry against a hard working family ?
of course , no one to " blame "
< user > < user > yeh support him for brexit regardless of his attitude towards muslims you do support the murder and harrasment of muslims worse than that you would ignore the evil in someone to support your own view not islam at all
waikiki is ft .
lauderdale and ko olina is palm beach to the discriminating new york visitor .
that 's one h*ll of a statement .
ko is more like orlando .
in fact new yorkers , stay away from here .
nothing will satisfy you .
you remind me of the mainland chinese ..... loud , rude and classless .
asian countries for asians .
black countries for blacks .
but white countries for everybody ?
that 's genocide !
anti - racist is a codeword for anti - white
my name is yusuf i am from somalia and i want to kill you and your family motherfuker
with natural resources tanking and the greens putting up roadblocks out west , combined with the frackers spanking us up here , we better let another million or two rich chinese investors into the market so the upgraders .
aka granite countertop peoplecan keep busy .
sorry to be the bearer of bad news folks , buts that s it in a nutshell .
our infrastructure , legacy costs to all of the public sector people have to be paid be someone ....... looks like the chinese will be successful afterall without firing a shot .
they are some smart race and we are soooooo stupid and naive .
it has been quoted by many people including me that the chinese are like the borg,,,,,consume and assimilate ... resistance if futile .
well we are toast with all the debt , riduculous home prices alike .
so who s going to keep the party going .... guess .
pass the shark fin soup please .
< user > modi is brutal a hitler copycat cold blooded murderer killed christians muslims and sikhs in thousands believes in forceful proselytism kashmiris are being raped and killed in thousands < user > < user > < user >
but one can not deny that the greatest responsibility for this war goes to france and great britain , after all those are those two nations who have declared war in germany ...
" it 's hard being a woman in journalism .
you have to fight for your own story sometimes , " @jkbjournalist said in a must - read interview with her and @janemayernyer .
url url
i once turned off notifications for 1 day at school an indian number called me sixty - seven times 

 then i watched the indian news the next day ... 
 the number was cloned from a rapist
what a pig and all those ugly uneducated deplorables ... hahaha
< user > < user > that india one day ll be a muslim country again and muslims ll occupy india and yes we ll give rights to minorities do not worry we ll make india as a muslim country one day
do n't talk to me , rapist trash
just start your own crew and start advertising it in your flyers or whatever if you are atcually active you should email me i ' m trying to set up a network of all the serious white nationalists across canada .
yahoo.com/news/countries-miserable-eu-yes-uk-one-131931246.html … uk will blame russia as usual for staging their brexit !
yeah i think it happened before when a skinny little pick a ninny muslim manchurian candidate was slipped in to the mainstream of community activism
" rt @regalenough : " " i just heard a news that an idiot is driving in wrong direction .
b careful " " wife : an idiot ?
gosh !
every1 here is driving … "
@bettemidler as if we care what a bunch of brainwashed leftist brits think .
they let their leaders flood their country with violent muslims , subverting their culture , persecuting their women and christian religion , while their women are raped , murdered , acid attacked , no go zones , and no 2a
the homosexual ?
if these migrants were muslims or chinese trudeau would not have told them to follow the proper channels .
< user > no one will ever racially profile you for being white she says to all white people ever to live
buffalo , new york ? ? ?
is she crazy .
no one wants to live in buffalo , ny .
cold , high crime , liberal state and not many jobs .
i highly doubt these illegal immigrants will live in buffalo .
come on gillibrand what nonsense is this .
the chinese are taking the practice underground .
vermin .
please kill them and get them out of the gene pool so the human race could get a little better
does not know the difference between latino and spic but thinks it an authority also thinks it smart 🤔
ugh , we 're doing terrible .
a lot of asians , so you know- no one buys anything .
i am deeply troubled by the recent actions of the nfl and it 's players .
i love my broncos and have been a fan since 1975 .
i hold this country and our flag dear to me heart but without hesitation i can say , they are dishonoring the flag and the people that have fought for it .
there are many injustices in this country but we must work together to rectify them .
if you go anywhere else in this world those same injustices are exponentially worse .
when will these protests end ?
during wwii , america had internment camps .
should i start waiting for the asian american protests ?
currently in this country our muslim population is being vilified and judged .
when will the muslim american contingent start dishonoring our flag ?
this countries latino population , i feel , is by far the most persecuted and judged .
where is their voice ?
does the current nfl player represent them in their protest against the flag and those who fought for it ?
please rethink these misguided protests .
btw trump is an ass .
all my friends and peers are being openly racist towards asians and this bitch is not having it
yeah it been recycled news for a bit let us hope the gooks will take care of the angry eternal spearchucker once and for all there will not be reparations and reconciliation commissions once the gooks invade your shit black man
be honest ... ladies and gentlemen ......... in your single years .... and when you were exploring beyond childhood ..... how many of us were introduced to ...... the him and her thing ...... when we were imbibing ? ? ...
or our parents ... and their parents .. 

 i 'm not saying boys poured ... or girls poured plenty liquor into one another for nefarious goals ....... those ... go to jail ... 

 but to say anyone who was tipsy is not capable of   consent ...... will let a lot of drunk guys off the hook ....  

 be reasonable .
btw .... this cab driver is not the poster boy for this event ....... a pox on him
watch this ted talk to see how one guy in germany followed a similar thread relating to his cell phone records .
it paints an extremely worrying picture : https://www.ted.com/talks/malte_spitz_your_phone_company_is_watching
funny how everyone wants to come to white nations though is n't it !
i mean mexico for mexicans , india for indians , china for chinese , japan for japanese , me for arabs but white nations for everyone ? ?
your anti white hatred shows ?
why come here if you do n't like music , pork , beer seeing women dressed normal , dogs ?
there is lots of room in the me for you .
oh i know why they come here , it 's for the welfare !
i do miss the old days of european migrants who worked their butts off and made this country great !
built this country , defended this country against that dictator you seem to associate us with .
you are anti white , please leave you are n't good enough for canadian values , why do n't we let smart hardworking latino 's or asians in ?
the dealers on main st .
are n't paying off the right people .
ban hollywood let the chinese sit with an empty shell we can build another one in another state cali is too infected with migrants pedophiles replace brn migrants w white european refugees china has a huge appetite for white slaves lots of kids pass thru that machine < user >
there are not any jew signatures on our declaration of independence those subversive babylonian blood sucking serpent seed kenite vampires are not out founding fathers posterity .
they are not our brethren .
they are christ killers .
they are anti - christ .
either she did n't know about it , or she did n't care .
regardless , she should be dismissed .
then again , in a culture in which there are zero consequences for anything trump or his surrogates have said or done , i can hardly fault a professional liar for thinking she could get away with another one .
< user > superfluous violence 😱
who do you think work in a global headquarters of the company responsible for 25 % of all commercial transactions in the united states , and ~20 % of all internet traffic ?
hint :   it 's computer / software engineers , marketing bigwigs , and upper management .
why do you think any warehouse jobs would be involved with this campus ?
why is the 36 st station always so fucking cold ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
" race had nothing to do with it " ?
ask your birther , nazi loving racist in chief , asian hater .
can someone dm or comment if tbe entire color thing os just a prank , seem kinda extremely racist and sensitive for a dark joke reddit , and this is coming from a left leaning hispanic dude .
what a great idea !
this was very heartwarming to read this morning .
i lived in kalihi valley long ago and loved the neighborhood .
it started changing once likelike highway was built , but there must be lots of fascinating local history to be shared .
like the wallabies in kalihi valley , and the pools along kalihi stream , and so much more .
and , maybe those potholes will get fixed .
if only the highways departments   would paint a yellow circle around the potholes so drivers and riders can be forwarned .
esau is a pedophile its there history
" i hate when i tell my friends from home " " let 's play gauchoball " " & amp ; they 're like " " oh you mean stack cup / rage cage / sum bs * " " nah fam gauchoball . "
there is clearly a ( b)-lack of sense going on here before we know it /r / gaming will ban posts with ps4 in them lol
plutonium is so ass it just a bunch of retards killing last < number > seconds into the game
diversity > love   for * * a lot * * of people these days - as long as they are the ones not missing out on love .
stop being gay
i saw this porno once where the black guy had a nicer butt than the white bitch he was beating on not me
i try not to talk down to misogynists , but they really do seem to have trouble with basic concepts and vocabulary
it not just mainstream media i do not like the argument that many people on gab or any where on the interenet have yo my neighborhood had a bunch of asians and blacks moving in i moved cause i did not want to deal with that that not genocide
suggesting that dad stays home with his newborn for a while , gets me down voted in r / parenting
i 'm hyped for the new grinch movie !
he s my green , long , thick , lovable , rapist , furry !
we regret to inform you that your mother has aids and minorities are genetically less intelligent than whites .
thank you url
online voting is vastly different than online tax returns or online banking .
all they are trying to secure is the connection using encryption .
with online voting we must be sure the individual casting an online vote is in fact the person they claim to be .
which is why we physically cast our ballots at polling stations .
online voting opens up the door for parents to cast the votes of at age live at home children .
it opens the door for one spouse to cast the others ballot .
one of the most basic fundamentals of a democracy is " one person , one vote " .
until a time when we can ensure an online voter is how they claim to be , we must continue to cast our ballots in person .
always happy to hear from a capable liberal .
go ralph .
why is chinese the best race ?
they can do everything with their eyes closed .
bitches really is stupid dumb ass bitch
so my brother loves love shot he watching their music shows and the gayos 😭
i suspect she is busy with animation work she does not have any chink slaves to animate scenes for her afterall shit takes forever to do alone
@ilhanmn send this cunt packing back to the dirtbag country she came from .
nonsense , china is an established nuclear power , a formal member of unsc and is licensed to kill any one who offend them .
chinese have set off 3 mega tons h - bomb back in 1967 , earlier than french .
they can kill japan like a bug .
yes incredibly racist the japanese think all other asians are sub par hence the rape of nanking genetic experiments on chinese and korean comfort women
a chinese man walks into a bar .
< repeat > my mistake , he 's korean .
also jews always project their mentality onto their opponents before they attack them and so far your group is the only group who is doing the projection
weev is a kike and ricky is a soy nigger
sensitive people ruined the reputation of direct confrontation now you are a thug or a ghetto bastard for doing so
canada already does a lot of trade with the others ( ie , asians ) , and the others ( ie , asians ) already make up a significant portion of our population and economy .
so to suggest that canadians have some hidden racist fear of the others ( ie , asians ) is ludicrous , lame and somewhat insulting , really .
canadians , it would appear , simply just do n't want companies controlled by the communist party of china to own our natural resources .
@majorgauravarya my warning to al jawahari- the indians are ready with their arms and ammunition and thirsty for arab blood ... come soon and get yourself hunted down .
we regret to inform you that your mother has aids and minorities are genetically less intelligent than whites .
thank you url
if you have enough money for high speed internet to download it you can probably afford the book !
you have your priorities mixed up if you have high speed internet which you 'd need to d / l it but ca nt feed your kids , lol .
why was the chinese dude confused while going down on his girl ?
it was different from the pussy he normally ate .
nice try to equate sexuality and authority with liturgy .
the first two are teaching from christ himself , and therefor basic principles of catholicism , rejected by the protestants .
protestants screwed up liturgy , as well , as we can see from the plummeting mass attendance since vatican ii , so why even try talking about unity or unification ?
protestants do n't want it ; they want the church to conform .
stop killing animals please just stop please forget your tastebuds they are not that fucking important , you 're destroying our environment
if there s something strange in ur neighbourhood who you gon na call the klu klux klan
are arabs just a weird mix of niggers and central asians
this faggot is under the influence of dick fuck this homo and his subversion tactics .
usa was founded for white christian people , if you 're not one or the other than leave .
great interview with him on npr last friday .
look on here and now .
or fresh air .
@iromg @mikeparry8 give him a chance mg ffs .. do a quiz on slippers .. ps please do a show with hooked up to a polygraph .. would be gold
the absolute lunacy of sand nigger politicians in europe banning those of european descent from entering parts of europe puh leez trump belongs in london more than sadiq khan
you are calling others racist after your comments about south asians ?
oh hypocrisy !
sad , all the way around .
i 'm not sure that not having representation during votes of the whole house amounts to much representation at all , but okay .
how dafuk a ching chong gone deliver mah food wit all dis snow out heah shiet nigga best brang mah food
keep killing each other you warmongering nation .
how come you do n't have a chinese name like ling ling or something ?
rachel , thanks for the link .
it is as you say , marketing which makes private seem more desirable .
even more interesting are the comments ; lot of irrelevant personal experiences .
i wish more parents realized how much of a child 's success depends on motivation and involvement of the parent(s ) .
many ' charter schools ' require parent participation , which is sometimes eye - opening for them .
black people kill more black people than all the whites , hispanics and asians put together -- maybe when black people start showing some respect for the lives of their fellow man then maybe they can earn some payback in kind
i suspect they took them because a few of the guys behind were talking about how they had 7k rounds of.22 stocked .
< user > < user > btw nice job threatening violence against an elected official you mongoloid
< user > back pack full of white claws
in canada the most acts of vandalism are still directed at the jewish population although cases of vandalism of mosques is growing .
overt acts and words of intolerance are felt by a number of visible minorities including aboriginals , blacks , sikhs , muslims and asians .
those bigoted acts however seldom reach a level which could be described as terrorism .
our white christian majority is far from perfect but there is no comparison to attacks by muslim extremists in europe and the uk , attacks on coptic christians in egypt or the more numerous attacks on muslims by muslims in the mid east and africa .
so far muslims are much safer than blacks in the us or aboriginal women in canada or christians in egypt .
we should be ashamed of small acts of bigotry but let 's not pretend that a single death in london totally counter balances all the deaths on 9/11 or throughout europe in recent years .
guys , the 68 oral sex position is great for your girl to relax and enjoy the pleasures of oral sex ( of receiving it that is ! ) .
+ jessica n i do n't think you are a fit to be a parent , if you get pregnant you should abort your child .
@nodeofscherzo also jfc someone tell her that western stereotypes are n't always the same in the east
this nigga too good to be true ain ’ t no way he show up to my crib wit a bag full of my favorite food
all these niggas wearing durags but none of these niggas spinnin 😂 🤣 🤔
there is no question that the chinese will keep working hard .
hard work is in their genes .
" so i get done telling me story and he like " " alright .... i 'm still gone whoop yo ass " " i just fucking crumbled . & #
128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; "
sorry , what ?
where did " the clintons " and " the democratic party " manage to " take in " something like " millions of dollars from the chinese . "
note : dreams do not count as " memories . "
this " both sides do it " nonsense has to stop .
honestly i ca n't even keep up with all the sexist # thor tweets right now .
i hope lady!thor is butch as hell and marries wonder woman
every lady ai n't no hoe but every lady sure ai n't no queen
good , fuck this bitch
@realdonaldtrump fuck iran and israel ...
< user > do i look like a faggot basher to you you stupid fucking human boy you have got a mouth
are you sure that photo above was taken during mass ?
it looks more like it came from the annual arm wrestling championship in petaluma .
😊
* dies in a game * no one : james : this game is so homophobic
< user > protecting illegal aliens and not men and women in blue 😡 😡
i would take palin over mccain any day .
< user > bat ching chong
90 % of these homeless people do n't want to change .
we just need to kick them the hell out of our country .
trade them to mexico for people willing to carry their own weight .
his blood alcohol level was .08.6 he should not have had that last glass of champagne birthday toast he would have been under the limit of .08
that 's called white flight , and it 's why the city centre of almost every major american city is now predominantly non - white .
harvey should send out a whaaambulance to take care of that poor soul in flint .
:-(
@ninjajournalist i do n't know about you but i 've always wondered why do white people adopt black children is it a guilt thing
final solution is what hitler and the nazis called the slaughter of millions of jews , gays , prostitutes , and sometimes homeless .
the infeltrators should be released to sanctuary cities where they are welcomed .
with congress total betrayal in the american people 's safety and activist judges making things even worse by enabling lawlessness , only president trump 's executive emergency powers to build a border security wall and override asylum rules will save america from being overrun by millions invasion , a national emergency crisis the likes of which we 've never seen before including terrorists , weapons , criminals , lethal drugs , child trafficking and medieval diseases .
the migrants currently bringing * diversity and culture * to germany will love shitting all over the place and wiping their hands on the interior windows .
walks into a post office to buy stamps .
me ( hmong american ): : hello , i would like to get the pixar stamps .
clerk : : * takes out chinese new year stamps , while smiling like she made my day * i think you 'll like these .
me : : * looks at her and the stamps ... * no , it 's okay .
i 'll just get the pixar ones .
clerk : : * pushes the stamps forward * awkward silence of me thinking ... me : : okay * buys and walks away * clerk : : xie xie wtf ? !
with a tickle in my tummy ... did this just really happen to me ... ?
because she 's black ?
are they not allowed to release characters of varying ethnicities ?
fuck off retard
this is why we won , because americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable .
we need to fight back against the synagogue and their white / mexican / black communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them .
i am armed and i am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to mexico / guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways .
illegals must die .
i 'm atheist but my family is christian
@juliereichwein1 but ilhan omar 's anti jewish , anti american and violent anti trump rhetoric is okay .
being gay doesn ’ t give out free passes to be gross to women
faith goldy alt lite anti illegal rapefugee march on the gaybec jew york border actually ended with a chinaman singing the cucknadian national anthem ffs the absolute state of clown world
because she 's a brave beautiful woman , that 's why .
you have fully shown what you are with this comment , adios !
un double standard we did not see tears when more than 3 k kids in west aleppo were slaughtered in cold blood by jihadi rebels and buried without un propaganda sheets
@raquelminkey @govmikehuckabee @realdonaldtrump wholesome jokes about how women should be obedient and how killing gays is funny .
i think i will pass ...
today i heard my boss say " motherfucker , bitch " like it was so funny bc she has an asian accent
just did a world trip and i would say that south america + turkey in general were super excited about seeing asians .
kpop is big in south america and i had a girl in turkey scream and run to me excitedly asking me if i was korean / japanese .
did n't face any discrimination , and people in latin america & turkey were friendly as hell .
but in general , if you 're asian - looking , they will assume you are from asia .
had one guy in turkey said i do n't look like i 'm from america .
if anything , they may ask some ignorant - ish questions but nothing malicious .
it can not be only children and young people are protected .
priests abuse adults in many ways , and when such abuse is reported , some bishops do n't even acknowledge the letters , much less investigate these men who treat lay people like dirt , speak inappropriately , and behave even worse . (
victims of emotional abuse by priests - facebook )
\>poison time to fap \>no 15 inch futa dick flopping everywhere with 2 big mouth watering sweaty balls time to not fap
the most disgusting aliens ever to hit the earth , they are responsible for 500 years of slavery , genocides , apartheid , dispossession , separation , racism , discrimination , global warming , and more .
url
* meets a hindi guy *   thinks the entire world speaks in hindi   me : bhai , you are still in your cow shed , wake up from your dream , your task for today is to lynch someone and vote for a terrorist url
rt @trap_jesus : kemba fucked this nigga up .
rt @dailyloud : i still ca n't believe kemba did this to pitt https://t.co/lzzoux5jlz
you said you are a man .
yet you are being called a terf .
you 're completely disproving your entire argument that it 's solely aimed at women .
this is ridiculously transparent .
according to islam arabic is the language of allah louis farrakhan is the only moslem i can think of who can not read nor speak it
@natalie dehoff hi lesbian .
it 's time you all throw a straight appreciation day .
motherfucking come make me , bitch
i never saw a chink pussy and do not plan on breaking that record 🖕 🙄 🖕
lmfao white people being rude bei racist and looking down on asians once again lmfao i am so fking mad
the chinsese have a pathetic navy , and the u.s. is at least a generation ahead of it in fleet capacity and technology .
no doubt , the chinese are busy stealing u.s. technology to modernize their navy , but it will be decades , if ever , before the chinese are even close .
it 's a nonsensical argument .
hell , if he had been white they would have thrown his ass in jail , suspended him from school , and it would have been all over cnn abc nbc and cbs .
good , fuck this bitch
< user > < user > was gon insult but its not my field white system in south africa has destroyed the black mind
@franklin_graham obviously your prayers are not working .
god told me it 's because you 're full of crap .
apparently today that ghetto culture i for one am utterly sanguine at our dysgenic future
america is now a war zone .
thank god for brace soldiers like this one .
go back omar you piece of garbage ... from vietnamese proud american .
good to know that ab gets it .
< user > < user > autistic faggot
who wants to fuck the chick with the dick ?
> i 've never told him about my indian side and i do n't know how to explain this to him .
assuming referring to dharmic culture , if so ... [history - centrism & dharma vis a vis religion](url > weirdly enough i always knew i wanted that as well to marry someone from my cultural background . [
dharmic universalism](url is n't limited to those of certain ethnicity .
my last fishing trip with my brother tommorrow night before his first is born if our trip is tainted by blacks bullying or asians mexicans taking over i am gon na go apeshit if you do not live in the midwest you do not understand
his ( now dead ) father is guilty of a form of abuse .
i see no one defending the father 's actions .
that does not absolve us ( canada , through our government ) of our responsibility not to be conplicit in torture or a child soldier and further violations of international law based on a confession obtained under obvious duress .
steven blaney , one of harper 's cabinet , actually admitted on cbc in 2015 that the confession was obtained in order for this young man to finally get home to canada while he faced the threat of indefinite detention in a hell hole .
somehow blaney tried to use this against khadr , shocked that , now that he was back in canadian custody , he revoked his confession .
there is a reason why confessions under torture are inadmissable under most justice systems . .
about to break up with my abusive girlfriend , if you have wise words or support i would love you for it .
when did i become twins , or is noun - pronoun agreement no longer part of the " high quality [ sic ] instruction for young adults " offered by the uo 's nontenured english faculty ?
la cels i have an upcoming trip to la what is there to do ?
there is no question that the chinese will keep working hard .
hard work is in their genes .
what do middle easterners and the japanese have in common ?
neither knows how to fly a plane
buffalo , new york ? ? ?
is she crazy .
no one wants to live in buffalo , ny .
cold , high crime , liberal state and not many jobs .
i highly doubt these illegal immigrants will live in buffalo .
come on gillibrand what nonsense is this .
pan , all you need to do is click on the ' activity ' button at the top of the comments section and modify your   profile .
you can turn off email notification , likes , or both .
where can you find indian redditors ?
on r / gonewild .
what 's the difference between my computer and my girlfriend with paranoia my computers sleep function works
< user > wow islam side by side w jews only < number > case in the entire world so what happened to all the jews in kolkata
why the nsfw sub ?
answer me and some other 5 year old shitheads like me too why the fuck the nsfw , since this sub ai n't even close to nsfw as far as i 'm concerned .
insisting no change in doctrine is possible harms the church , its people and the truth .
indeed , some still resist evolution because it contradicts eden .
the doctrine on original sin is and should be fluid , as is the doctrine of the nature of salvation .
the traditional view leads many away from the - church .
new perspectives should be encouraged rather than condemned , especially when the traditional ones have fallen flat .
dinardo is late in realizing this , probably because st. john paul and pope benedict were not friendly to such exploration .
better late than never .
he will keep making weapons because he is a nutbar .
@eventsavenueke @futbolbible there 's nothing wrong with dating white women ... if he prefers them then leave him alone .
not everything is about race .
we all have different preferences .
it 's the same as liking taller guys instead of short ones .
so just calm down .
yes stay off the streets history shows that communists will escalate the violence far beyond what we have seen counter protests only give their media cohorts the opportunity to frame retaliation as instigation there are more effective ways to respond
we should also deport all the trailer trash living off welfare and hating anyone who is n't white for doing the same thing .
this is the worst coverage of this situation ever .
you suck tom rogan because we all know that police profile ... stanford researchers have found that police in that state are more likely to search black and hispanic motorists , using a lower threshold of suspicion , than when they stop white or asian drivers .
lets just accept this as fact and realize that she was racially profiled and these two punk ass racist cops need to become metermaids .
kevin owens yelled at chris jericho you were never my best friend and then called him trash !
deeeep ! !
feeels ! ! !
+ jessica n i do n't think you are a fit to be a parent , if you get pregnant you should abort your child .
i hope the court is easy on this guy .
he probably saved the bengal cub 's life .
if a chinese tourist bought the cub , it would be shipped back to china in pieces .
my agenda is n't to accept absurd logic as a reasonable conclusion .
i think the internet has gotten people comfortable to saying things like " oh , someone i do n't agree with ?
facist . "
and they get a " like " and think that 's all it takes to formulate a sound argument .
what i try to do is hear the statement someone is making , test the logic of their conclusion , and then challenge them on it .
i have made plenty of concessions i 'm candid when i agree with someone .
often times what happens is that i point out the logic of someone 's conclusion and instead of them refuting it with logic of their own they change the topic or resort to ad hominid attacks : " you 're just a brainwashed libber " , " that 's what all snowflakes think " , or even " you were never really a christian so you ca n't speak on this " .
i might be combative and stern but it 's only because i 'm slightly jaded by the regulars .
i 'm interested in sound debate , not bandwagon attacks .
edit : i 'm not even a liberal which is what 's funny .
go neck yourself dirty nigger here in europe nazism is growing we will get all you non whites and kill you all
explain to me again what 's wrong with a declining population ?
many of the world 's troubles are a result of population increase , and that includes environmental stresses in canada .
look at how much agricultural land and nature that has been swallowed by toronto and vancouver and tell me that population growth is a good thing .
its time to have some politicians at municipal , provincial and federal levels that campaign on managing a successful constant population instead of growth , growth and more growth .
should be locked up for this , wonder how long he 'll end up serving , maybe a week if we are lucky in this country .
very ugly looking nigger .
i d say to kill it and eat it whole .
also , feed my ur titty milk .
i want those tits in my mouth , asap .
you dumb nigger .
by my sex slave , por favor .
also , if you do nt want to kill the alpaca , i recommend nursing it and giving it vanilla titty milk(if ur a hick in the south ) , or chocolate titty milk ( if u is a niggur ) , or lemonade(if ur a chink )
@nodeofscherzo also jfc someone tell her that western stereotypes are n't always the same in the east
what if you are asian no one counts asians who sell burritos a world wide dish not even in hrmsuperwhite west coast portland < number > of < number > billion who cares
muslim men looking for which of their made up hadiths to pull out in order to disarm educated muslim woman that they think is threatening their agenda url
another ridiculous article , china has been the   " asian power " for you - can't - remember time without american endorsement .
they even beat american in korea back in 1950s .
chinese do n't need american key , they 're already the no 1 trading partner with all countries there you mentioned .
climb out of your cave .
whatever trump does or says , he ca n't shake fundamental fact there .
so his role is n't that significant , good or bad .
yeah-- i thought as much . (
fill in generic , evidence - free reference to nazis here ) .
zzzzzzzz ......
@franklin_graham obviously your prayers are not working .
god told me it 's because you 're full of crap .
@zaynbtstxt i do n't know if you 're lgbt or not but the way you 're defending him about this is pure stupidity it does not take a lot of energy to show sympathy even if he ca n't relate to her experiences .
it 's not her fault that she looks up to him and wants his support .
michelle obama , racist or not ?
do we really need to bring up obama 's race ?
from his wife , no less . "
i guess it 's kind of like if the black guy can do it , anybody can do it -- and that 's not true .
it 's a hard job . "
url
trump is a menace to society and the world .
he has no sense of right and wrong , from grabbing women to his allegiance to putin and his contempt for merkle , the ic , and nato .
his approval rating a couple of days before his inauguration is the lowest in history and all america does is sneer and laugh as if their bully - boy star quarterback is a hero .
nope because other low iq illiterates to block vote cheating their way into power together with the matrix dwelling white lib the tribal vote has power but there is hope and a change in tbe air so we shall see
i do n't get it .
i 'm sure other races do it , but it baffles me that whites want to blame other races for some intangible issue .
blame the blacks , blame the chinese , blame the mexicans .
uh , what are they really taking from us whites personally ?
nothing substantial i can put a finger on .
certainly nothing from me personally that makes a hoot of difference in my life .
i 've got it good .
i could have it better , but the only one to blame for that is me .
so i went to my old high school in south texas to see some friends .
we are teenagers and started having a discussion about gay bars vs. dyke bars .
then this happened : : friend : : are n't gay bars and dyke bars the same thing ?
me : : no , they 're not .
i 'd rather go to a dyke bar since , well , i 'm a dyke .
friend : : whatever .
i 'm not a fan of dykes .
me : : * shoots a look at * excuse me .
friend : : look , i do n't like dykes .
i like you though .
made me feel angry , side - lined , being the token dyke , tolerated but not accepted .
that s what a memeber of isis would say , you pakistani twat .
trump closeted hatred of dark skinned people from shithole countries will come to hurt hispanics italian americans koreans and so on a bigot and racist does not stop at just one race to be scapegoated it white supremacist self adoration narcissism
how disappointing ! !
i wanted a black or latina mulan ... this is not an inclusive movie at all .
bad disney !
go neck yourself dirty nigger here in europe nazism is growing we will get all you non whites and kill you all
hahaha ! ! !
struggling trump .
delusional dems are at it again .
i expect we 'll see trump win the election by double digits .
the lieberal media keeps trying to perpetuate this clinton leading lie but that is to be expected .
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
friendly reminder that it is only 15 more days to the big right wing purge on twitter .

from this letter : 

 " the school is pitzer college .
its president , while condemning “ hate ” speech from outsiders in the wake of the “ hoops ” rant , did not hold his students accountable for their own racist hate messages which sparked the public outrage . "
he did nothing .
that is acquiescence in racist speech and appears to be only because the racists are hispanic .
is it fine for an hispanic woman to make racist comments about white women ?
is it fine for woman hispanics to make racist comments about black , asian , muslim , or any other ' race ' of women just because they are hispanic speakers ?
when you answer those two questions , i will then know your values regarding ' racist speech ' .
i answer both of those questions totally and unequivocally " no ! "
ha you cucks can not even defend yourselves while your shitskin mayor in london calls for the prosecution of anyone who chooses to do so funny how you circle jerk rare school shootings while riding the dicks of conspiratards truly astonishing how lost you borthers are low energy faggot
good for indiana yes ......
goys are incapable of thinking .
ca n't even spell those spells thoes bitch you a nasty hating hoe
yeah it could very well deter wild animals from attacking , just be careful in the heat of summer to not burn the neighborhood down etc .
# wallofsport news : atletico madrid 's antoine griezmann growing tired of transfer speculation https://t.co/xqbumhlxhz
un double standard we did not see tears when more than 3 k kids in west aleppo were slaughtered in cold blood by jihadi rebels and buried without un propaganda sheets
so , many muslims hate christians , jews and asians .
palestine house has been a cesspool of hate , caught in the act numerous times .
ask mirna , an arab language talk show was just taken off the air by rogers cable because it has been disseminating hate toward jews and israel on numerous occasions .
it 's done so in arabic , so you would n't know unless you watched it and spoke the language .
what other immigrant racial group has spread hatred in canada in such a clandestine way ?
i feel sorry for the victims of the shooting and their families , but i must laugh at the author who fits the cliche " methinks the lady dost protest too much " .
never mind the atrocities dealt to the first nations , including taking their land , commiting cultural genocide and commiting regular genocide , taking them out on starlight tours and letting them freeze to death , sterilizing them without their consent or knowledge , and so on .
hell , if he had been white they would have thrown his ass in jail , suspended him from school , and it would have been all over cnn abc nbc and cbs .
< user > bro pls do nt kill yourself bro pls
yeah except for me i 'm living in a dorm so i have nowhere to put the tires :/
well at some point being male or female is genetic so a line has to be drawn somewhere if the question is to be answered .
# supportzomato # supportubereats i am feeling happy !
despite of religion issues , you took your stand to stop them making a rift in the secular society !
the crime level grew much faster than the population growth , actually .
a chinaman he forced to sell we got it for pennies on the dollar b noir detour
is your mother an oriental ?
< user > mentally retarded
< user > it ’ ghetto lol
do n't talk to me , rapist trash
if @realdonaldtrump takes the # syria bait the majority of his support is going to turn against him .
i assume he is aware of this .
no matter , your gender , culture , class , race or creed , love is for all and never discriminates !
what is huge , noisy and stinks like fish - yet goes by mostly unnoticed ?
women 's march
i remember singing this song as a kid .
even when i was 7 i understood there was something fundamentally wrong with it .
who were they teaching us to go to war with ?
i was a soldier in a christian war ?
really ?
i was 7 !
the bible is as full of misogyny and subjugation as the quran .
two peas in a pod .
i love how modern christians judge their neighbors with the old testament and themselves with the new testament .
lol
the chinese always play a duplicitous game , and the cereal - bowl - haircut - lunatic in nk is their boy : lock stock and barrel .
they have no intention of reining in kim - he is doing exactly as the chinese leadership wants and intends him to do - act as a bargaining chip .
the chinese do n't want thaad deployed- but rather than raising it directly with the us , their bellicose little attack dog in pyongyang is instructed to do it for them in his inimitable way .
quite the theater production .
these people sound like very uneducated individuals .
sorry , but they 're an embarrassment to black people & make us look bad .
the plaintiff is an idiot ! ! ! !
she does n't realize she just made a stipulation ( probably a word she does n't know ) about damaging their property .
that 's basically snitching on yourself .
justin williams had several good chances , and , thanks to jay beagle 's dogged work in the face - off circle , thrilled the fans in ot !
the caps have certainly been getting scoring from their secondary and tertiary units .
kadri 's low hit on ovi should be reviewed for supplementary discipline .
it was a dirty hit .
bungee jumping £ 25 per person .
muslims , niggers and gooks free !
no strings attached .
< user > why the hell did this mentally challenged individual parents allow him to go to a sleepover with a retarded ghetto nigger maybe the we are all one race the human race crap had filled their heads maybe they are tired of caring for him not wise
never heard of him but i love what he says .
sounds like our guy .
a tip to the 18 top 39 group .
you ( can ) control all hawaii elections if you would just come together .
you are a voting majority and a sizable one .
i demand all globalists surrender their jobs to someone else throw the locks away on their homes tear down any fences around them and invite refugees into said structure after all is not that what they are asking of john q public sauce for the goose vfm maga altright
the only way you be able to do a photo like that today is to hire actors .
ca n't express how happy i am to officially be working at the prison , ca n't wait to graduate from the academy in the summer
well , if he behaves bad , just throw him into a chinese prison for years .
a guy in calgary told me bettman plans to retire this year .
they are looking for his successor .
well clearly not all are honest , hard workers .
if you watch border security , the biggest liars are chinese smuggling meats , cigarettes , or luxury goods .
they are n't all good , so i 'm glad we filter out the dishonest ones .
geez how dare this straight white male want to be involved in his community try to make a difference when there are actual genderfluid trans am quad demisphere poc willing to bitch about how they are not given enough
very disappointed in our law enforcement agencies for putting money ahead of due process .
* girl and yea man niggas be blew you got da bitch errybody tryna fuck and just start sayin anything
the older i get the more i am like that so f d up all them niggas stood at the door and listened to ebony get beat and raped then left sadly society is still like that the players club
hey bro how ’s your vegetarian journey going ? ?
hey it ’s going great ! !
you know once you find your one meal , you really start enjoying it .
love me some vegans in the morning though !
from < date > to < date > the office of refugee resettlement received a total of < number > allegations of sexual abuse or sexual harassment from the government funded detention facilities and only < number > were referred to the justice dept
kc missouri is the place to go on vacation one does not have to contend with ghetto trash what a relief
i agree with you on that but that kind of ignores the struggles us minorities go through .
we need a time where we feel important and where our struggles are more known . (
ex : pride month , black history month , asian / pacific islander month , etc ) .
i do not care about so called exceptional white people who are not racist at the end of the day white supremacy is a business
here are some sites that i find to have reasonably reliable information on current events , and other topics .
gee , they want to work but no one will buy their fish , cheechako .
fishing is very hard work you could never do .
your urban attitude shows that .
plus , can you eat gas for boats to hunt ?
can you eat bullets ?
can you buy game and berries at the store ?
the answer is no , genius .
still looking for white people of the same belief to talk to or maybe hang out.stength is in numbers and georgia is getting outnumbered as we speak .
there needs to be a worldwide policy of swift action against any person who uses weapons of mass destruction .
pan , to whom were you responding ? (
i think the isis connection has been debunked . )
in case you did nt know i fucking hate logan paul he clearly didn ’ t learn anything after the shitshow from last year
i 'm so glad i do n't have a sister 
 i do n't want to experience the mental trauma er and other incels suffer of having one .
i did n't realize we were offending you by pointing out how often asians and jews get surgery to look more white .
i date women like i like my eggs in the morning .
< repeat > whites only
where are you from ?
where were you from before that ?
before that ?
@cernovich @roswell2001 the whole interview is amazing cnn : trump is racist , right ?
rev : no .
cnn : really ?
c'm on .
he 's a racist rev : no .
cnn : well , you hate gays , why should we listen to you ? ? #
notjournalism
second post a b bitcoin from you on gabnews today are you moving into bitcoin business now thought you were on mission to bring justice to young raped victims all is good but just want to have a clear understanding in my own mind god bless america merry christmas
bill the redneck bought a diesel truck and then got in a fight before waking up to creepy ghost sounds
i would agree some vaccines are effective and worth the risks , but not all of them .
a few times i ve been told to make kids .
i said i have no one to make them with .
now i have someone but we do not feel ready to have kids .
i belive in quality over quantity .
so we would have maybe 2 to 4 .
you mean awake do not use blm ghetto language
on saturday i will be a judge in a queefing contest
" foreign " must be banned do you also plan on banning americans , whom have been purchasing since what beginning of canada ?
what about white europeans ?
or this is towards asians only ?
consider that maybe dykes are defensive bc our whole lives we have been treated like sexualized side shows to use for fun every time we have tried to outwardly express our attraction to women
while i ' m happy to see this loser in jail , i think it 's also an excellent opsec tutorial : stfu dip - wad .
it 's unacceptable that lgbtq americans still face discrimination in employment , housing , and education in parts of the u.s. today , i was proud to vote to pass the # equalityact to ensure that our lgbtq brothers and sisters receive full civil rights protections .
< user > < user > < user > 😂 ya u give him chocolate and send him home he will be sent again with same mindset because deep down someone jihadi mindest told him ur fighting for azzadi such a shame brainwashing child for these things they just detain them simple
pedro gonzales no send them back home .
so they do n't have to be around hire people they hate so much .
i am a huge , nasty whore with a pussy that needs dick from white men from these countries canada sweden norway denmark czech republic
we had a day with immigrants mexicans literally nothing what about days without other groups a day w o asians car accidents fall to all time low math left unsolved
< user > < user > send an old chinaman to < number > < number > to beat up the old chinese bastard
& gt;tfw you will never 360 no - cope with blackops2cel 
 suicide fuel
[ suicide fuel ] this is why for manlets , suicide is the only answer ...
deport them
if some brown radiologist misreads one of latrina < number > crackbabie images everyone involved in the care could be sued by better call saul for the ghetto lottery even if everything they did was appropriate based off the brown rads mistake
hell no definitely not the first time you know your name by now i am sure of that even a fucking chimp would know it name by now i would assess your capabilities somewhere between average dindu nigger and the chimpanzee
right on the dude is a politicain spend his time smilin at the camera instead of workin .
he 's just tryin to scare up votes by whinin here
< user > if you do not see the difference between illegal immigrants and babies you do not belong in government
@alizasukhera 1 .
i have n't said at any time that it 's ok to kill anyone muslim , hindu , atheist or whatever   2 .
there r guidelines of every religion n those who follow that r termed as follower of that .
ahmedi do n't accept islamic guidance n ca n't be termed as muslim .
retweeted 
 @charliekirk11 

 isis getting slaughtered : 

 square miles liberated from isis 
 trump : 26,000 --   obama : 13,200 

 total square miles held by isis 
 trump : 1,930 -- obama : 17,500 

 estimated # of total isis fighters : 
 trump : 1,000 -- obama 35,000 

 # of people freed : 
 trump : 5.3 m -- obama 2.4 m
there s dead silence fuck niggaas
ricky i very much wish this could be a possibility in the us however the data since the < number > until today proves that blacks jews mestizos and asians vote overwhelmingly for democrats non whites vote overwhelmingly for less freedom bigger govt and more gibs me dat please explain
motherfucking come make me , bitch
a bitch bet not try to play with me about a nigga .
re " there is no seat for hate here " 

 i hope that our muslim friend takes this message to her fellow muslims around the world - no one needs to hear it more .
i hate our society .
sensitive bunch a cunts .
get over it .
i absolutely hate blue cheese , i hate the way it looks , i hate the way it smells and it 's mouldy , fucking mouldy .
my girlfriend and i are on ariana grande 's fucking instagram story i cant
bitch b on dicks
nothing new or unexpected here from the liberals .
the entire first year of their mandate was spent repaying the interest groups that helped them get elected ... business as usual .
you are entirely incorrect .
are you telling me you actually believe that storm runoff from interstate 70 flows south into cherry creek ?
water does n't flow uphill , my friend .
there 's a ridge between sand creek and cherry creek , and every drop of rain that falls in the montclair and especially park hill drainage basinflows north toward sand creek .
this project will capture it and send some to the platte at globeville and some to sand creek up dahlia .
maybe you 're too involves in this to read calmly without inserting your preconceived bias , but " those neighborhoods " are the ones affected by potential flooding and this project protects them from it .
it has nothing to do with globeville .
this protects park hill , cole , clayton , swansea , elyria and all the neighborhoods north of city park .
i have absolutely no stake in this other than being an informed denver resident .
precinct and campaign meetings will confirm that it is only whites who hold any ideals about government non whites want free govt cheese and jews are crazy for power
a blind man walks into a bar .
and a table .
and a wall .
and a staircase .
what do you call a dog left in a car with the windows rolled up ?
a hot dog !
i ’m just kidding it ’s actually kim jong un ’s dinner
kc missouri is the place to go on vacation one does not have to contend with ghetto trash what a relief
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
how come you do n't have a chinese name like ling ling or something ?
my mom went out and wore a mask and she said two old men told her that she “ looks like the asians ” i ca nt believe
some white ppl called me a stupid nigger last night
she must have mistakenly tried to con one of the oil investors with a lot of money .
the rich will not allow crimes on themselves .
ice cream is discriminatory because it is not inclusive to diabetics and those with a lactose intolerance .
and most ice cream is white .
coincidence ?
i think not # patriarchy # icecreamisawhitesupremacy
how to describe hypocrisy all the folks calling on trump to call out white nationalism had not been able to call out antifa blm islamicterror how worse can their hypocrisy be
< user > < user > finally a woman that is class and not a white trashy one like those sisters we are sick of seeing
agreed ... the best and the brightest in canada - leave .
.australia is california / florida everywhere - even the worst parts .. 

 and first gen immigrants now leave canada asap ... asians and me all stay until they can get an education , and then move where they really wanted go to in the first place - the usa .
canada ?
its a big minnesota or north dakota ... without the sex ...
the rg 's role as a 1st amendment minder .
harris : 1 . “
i did n’t know there were so many niggers working up in here , and i work here . ” ,
2 . “
if i had a gun , i ’d shoot that nigger . ” ,
3 . " ...
as ' nigger ' is ... "   ortal 's comments : 1 .
“ hey * * , ” [ sic ] yelled at him at an lcc parking lot , 2 .
having the word * * [ sic ] scratched on his vehicle while at vrc .
additional examples from lcc include : 1 .
a sitting vp for instruction & student services , cheryl roberts , ( who parenthetically was not the # 1 candidate - an african american male ; nor the # 2 candidate - an asian american woman but the # 3 ranked candidate ) was routinely referred to by staff as the " ... nigger barbie ... " what happened to the # number one candidate , paul killpatrick , was a topic of discussion at the time , e.g. " ... they are taking out all the urinals in the 2nd floor ( of the administration building ) men 's bathroom .
"-tim craig .
thus , the recently completed the myths surrounding a post - racial america 's methodology might interest you .
seattle weekly is lying as always .
antifa started the assault and proud boys defended themselves .
diversity is our greatest strength !
true , the conservatives will do what they believe is necessary , but that does not mean that the mechanisms of the right will be accepted by the majority of canadians .
as the article stated , harper did what he thought was necessary , and canadians overwhelmingly rejected him , the conservative party , and their broken ideology .
" " " there are officers around here yet they 're not doing their job ... but hey , that 's not my business . " "
sips tea while walking away . "
good to know that the scuba tank is active in juneau .
and i have heard from friends that the dive club in unalaska is very supportive of visiting divers .
alaskan divers in my experience are some of the friendliest in the world .
we visited sitka once , and a diver there -- someone we had never met -- loaned us a number of full scuba tanks and weights even though he had to travel away from sitka the week we were there .
hey i got an idea lets wait for asians latinos and white people to create a worldwide company then complain that they wo nt give us an executive job without any education or self reliance we will call it racism then claim affirmative action
even the chinese in a city that is now predominantly asian do not like what is happening to vancouver .
at least they can express their opinions without being called racist & xenophobic , you know , the terms used against any one else who had the same concerns over the last couple decades ?
canadians are in desperate need of a brain transplant .
any of you know if kingsman is a good movie ?
what is ironic about the lgbt < allcaps > flag ?
all the colors are straight .
holy huan henobi , his mexican passport !
re the whole khadr case , bottom line is the judiciary ruled in favour of khadr on this one .
i 'm not happy about this in so many ways but i do n't blame the libs for the payout as the court case transcended past liberal and conservative governments .
the issue i have is the optics of the whole thing .
majority of canadians do n't favour this .
liberals should have seen the negative repercussions of this coming .
if they had been smart about it , they would have gotten ahead of this and said something like " we realize many will be disappointed in the outcome , but have to cede to the canadian judiciary system .
this case has been in the courts for years and has   been costly to canadians .
we   put an end to this and need to focus on other matters . "
this would have absolved them of being seen as taking a side in the matter as in the end in really was the courts decision and the only choice the gov't had was to appeal once again - if in fact another appeal would have been granted .
listen that woman is a psychopath .
anyone who is in her 50 's , acts that high and mighty and holier than thou but then cusses you out and stoops so low as to attempt to insult a 20 - year olds appearance has severe issues .
tell a man whack his man for some bandz nigga going do his man dirty like his man was n't his man
why is cocaine white ?
cause it actually works
oh , i have one of those .
but it isn't a white majority country .
that needle tipped 10 years ago .
you go back to where your lice ridden tuberculosis infected relatives came from .
but remember to pee near a mosque just adds more to the domination factor and if you can fuck a paki chick that even better but of course must be consensual paki men hate when their women are with non pakis and non muslims
there were like 13 others originally but thanos snapped them away
the white race is best because when the creator made whites , he made them better than he made the other races .
if the census can ask if your female or male if you 're white black hispanic asian or other then it most certainly can ask if you are a legal citizen
why hold a biased poll when we could settle the carbon tax definitively via referendum ? !
if they believe their own polls ... what are they afraid of ?
referendum 
 referendum 
 referendum
that 's not how it works in the peoples republic of california .
here 's the secret order in which it really happens despite all the bs they tell the public ... 
 1 .
out of state asians paying cash !
2 .
in state asians 
 3 .
illegal immigrants - stupid taxpayers and bleeding heart liberal endowments pick up the tab .
4 .
whitey 
 5 .
everyone else
so what you are saying is trump wants to grab him ?
who are you criticizing as the " entitled " , the rich or the poor .
it seems you are attacking people who receive minimal government support .
i do n't care if your sick , disabled , or old and feeble , get a job and earn a living .
this is a cruel and crude attitude .
hear , hear !
hisnfuckign giggle i m faggot
free that nigga meech cause he the hood hero
always told you asians were based
how does one even quantify what ' good looking ' is ?
it 's subjective .
not to mention a totally worthless point of view and/or discussion .
< user > this makes it sound like the tech folks are not quite the assholes i thought they were glad to see they are supporting free speech rights of a coworker the cancel culture of pomo queer theory is wtf out of control
distracting television event for manipulating the gullible wonder how many refugees gary lineker has taken in to date
no matter , your gender , culture , class , race or creed , love is for all and never discriminates !
no one threw any chairs in nevada .
that rumor has been shown to be false .
lol , asian gay guys are too girly , i suppose .
this bitch deserves to burn in hell .
my post had nothing to do with the company 's profit .
i was talking about the consumer .
they really are different issues .
your scenario of the company keeping profits the same or potentially making more because of tax cuts offsetting the tax could be valid .
we will have to see .
there has n't been much happening on the tax break front yet to allow a proper assessment of this .
what can not be disputed because of basic math and economics is that the prices of the goods will rise , and the consumer will pay .
you also need to consider that higher costs to companies is correlated pretty closely with automation .
the higher the costs , the more incentive there is to automate if possible .
that usually means job losses or less job creation than anticipated .
trump 's assertions on this issue , at least those that he has said out loud in public , are deeply flawed .
# wallofsport news : atletico madrid 's antoine griezmann growing tired of transfer speculation https://t.co/xqbumhlxhz
dapping up your skinny homies is annoying man you got ta be ready for a powerful embrace stop stumbling bro you scaring the women
what 's the difference between jamaica and japan ?
one has joint families other has nuclear .
fuck off jay you homo
why are chinese women trying so desperately to look white and western ?
the usa does not need any more rats and cockroaches , get them out !
my misandrist girlfriend said i can't wear a skirt over my pants
i think you 're confused .
caldwell restored at least 8 routes that were cut under carlisle .
route 55 has as many as 28 runs a day now ( http://www.thebus.org/route/timetables/rt55.pdf ) .
in your world where everything is colored with hatred towards caldwell , i guess you can say that 28 trips daily ( every 35 - 40 min during peak hours ) is no better than none .
i think the rest of us think that 's a lot better than it was 4 years ago .
i wonder how many routes djou # notaxesever would potentially cut .
first proposal i ever heard from him in this entire campaign was to cut taxes on the wealthy .
i wonder which bus routes would be cut to pay for that luxury tax break .
< user > you see how they all look retarded well that how you looking right now thinking they finna beat the lakers
no your mother and your sister got powned by me last night .
cya retard
why ca n't you counsel the japanese ?
you have to drop the bomb twice before they got the message
you 're filipina ?
but your eyes are so big !
i am really starting to see why people in other countries ( i.e. europe ) hate americans ...
nasty nancy go away .
stay away your crooked hate america so leave we don.t want you you don.t want americans so deportyour self save america
idiot boy came trundling up the stairs and woke me up by smorching my face
i wish people should have to be granted a license in order to procreate
so , many muslims hate christians , jews and asians .
palestine house has been a cesspool of hate , caught in the act numerous times .
ask mirna , an arab language talk show was just taken off the air by rogers cable because it has been disseminating hate toward jews and israel on numerous occasions .
it 's done so in arabic , so you would n't know unless you watched it and spoke the language .
what other immigrant racial group has spread hatred in canada in such a clandestine way ?
i feel sorry for the victims of the shooting and their families , but i must laugh at the author who fits the cliche " methinks the lady dost protest too much " .
one of the challenges is bad planning for years , and a heavily overvalued real estate market in canada ( calgary is not an exception ) .
this all comes to a head now ... the numbers just do not add up ... in sweden we build for about 100 dollars per sqft ... in alberta we do it for 200 and up .... and that is not r40 walls insulation ....
bigger news , the new 007 is gon na be a huge flop .
oh great another assertive lesbian .
there 's a chink in his armor .
gook .
" some guy was walking by me , stopped beside of me & amp ; whispered " " i 'm miserable " " then kept walking .
idk what to think about that . "
all in the name of a god that does n't exist .
what a colossal waste of brain cells
nice try with the fake info cupcake !
illegals are a net drain on the economy due to the welfare they receive and to top that off with free education for their kids .
google the facts .
not going to waste my time posting links proving all this .
it 's no wonder you 're a useless unemployed lawyer , you ca n't even research basic facts .
< user > < user > maybe the ones from shithole countries but he may have called them just in case they forgot he called them that in the first place
but the chinese government does n't .
tough luck , gullible canadians ...
so , just to save you all some time , bsd is my family .
the only negative response gg ever received was from a non - dev .
day in , day out , your bitter , racist , bigoted , anti - chinese rants blanket the comments section .
canada has no intention of changing it 's immigration policies to accommodate your personal hatred .
why do n't you just move to an area where there are fewer non - whites ?
clearly you have no tolerance for non - whites .
it 's so obvious .
a sexual pervert @realdonaldtrump defending a sexual pervert @oreillyfactor is just priceless ! #
firethefools
do n’t think that what he / she is saying .
even an accidental touch could be construed as sexual assault   regardless of intent .
men / boys have to be extremely careful these days .
where does a nuclear family live ?
in hirsohima , japan
hs english teacher calls me ( korean american ) and my friend ( half japanese ) to his desk .
teacher : : where are you both from ?
us : : here , the u.s. teacher : : no , i mean where are your parents from ?
us : : korea ( me ) ; germany and japan ( friend ) .
teacher : : ok , could you translate this for me ?
teacher hands us a user manual for a blender written in chinese .
i was 17 and it was in front of the whole english class .
i fucking ca n't with this show i 'm getting gayer by the second
real madrid is just las palmas in all white cr7 really is a god
sweden has gone to hell and the reason to blame is on themselves , muslims and migrants .
url
how ghetto do you have to be to steal from your friends
o.n. stefan writes her darkest scenes with a pen dipped the blackest ink .
https://t.co/lc5l8rwjdq # retweet # yalit
what people miss is that this law makes sexual orientation synonymous with race .
dislike a gay - dislike a race .
under the law , gays are a race of people .
based on the notion that people are born gay and others are ( let 's say ) asian .
therefore to discriminate against a gay person equals being racist against that person .
many people do not believe sexual preference constitutes race .
it has not been proven people are actually born gay and therefore are technically a race of people by dna etc .
what the law has done in business is to create a war in the workplace .
the pecking order works like this : gay women create cliques and take over the business .
straight women are second class citizens .
people of color ( gay or not ) are 3rd class citizens .
all straight men must be eliminated from the business - especially white males and gay males are considered for ejection on a case by case basis .
i watched this happen to a city business .
the gay staff eliminated 50 % of the straights without opposition .
what are the daily threats from north korea that are aimed toward canada ?
if indeed we are threatened which seems likely if the states is in its crosshairs then it would seem logical that we get involved with the missile defence system that the u.s. has .
there is talking our way out of actually doing something concrete to defend against a potential threat .
obama on the united states as a christian nation : 
 obama , june 28 , 2006 ( prepared remarks ): given the increasing diversity of america 's population , the dangers of sectarianism have never been greater .
whatever we once were , we are no longer just a christian nation ; we are also a jewish nation , a muslim nation , a buddhist nation , a hindu nation , and a nation of nonbelievers .
what he actually said was delivered clumsily , but the meaning was the same : 
 obama , june 28 , 2006 ( as delivered ): whatever we once were , we are no longer a christian nation – at least , not just .
we are also a jewish nation , a muslim nation , a buddhist nation , and a hindu nation , and a nation of nonbelievers .
for a fuller explication , see : http://www.factcheck.org/2008/08/obama-and-the-christian-nation-quote/
< user > < user > nobody is going to hate you you are an awesome resistor
got these hoes lurkin got these niggahs talkin
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
never had a car full of asians threaten to murder me over a minor traffic incident caused by their failure to understand the basic rules of the road
there 's a fog advisory in effect and visibility is very limited in some areas .
drive with caution . #
ymm # abroads
hypocrites more gems from kimmel here he has women feel his crotch to guess what he stuffed in his pants kimmel you should put your mouth on it
i do n't buy crap from china .
i carefully look at the labels of everything that i buy , and do n't buy anything from mainland china .
i do n't consider taiwan part of china , and try to buy clothing made in north america or se asia .
down with mass immigration 
 and down with calling people who want asians and africans to wear condoms more often " racist " .
why should i pay for aids babies produced by sexually irresponsible god - bots ?
this is typical of so many uk schools full of blacks and asians
rashida tlaib said " we are women of color ' and if you call us out , you are being racist !
and she said that about nancy pelosi !
barça in liga have always scored in their games against sevilla ( seven games ) & amp ; lucho 's won every single home game against them ( w3 ) . [
opta ]
not watching the superbowl this year fucking go away patriots we all hate you
the fluoride chemical is not only a neurotoxin , its repeatedly been found to leach lead from water pipes and increase the levels of lead in children ’s blood .
“ fluoride … eats through concrete & steel , but safe to swallow . ”
trust me i work for the government .
dd
you both look like a couple of attention seeking mongoloids .
i hope the next attention you get is from a coroner .
a lot of cunty bitches in this world .
do n't be a cunty bitch .
what does any of that have to do with racial preservation and the resistance to the deliberate and calculated extermination of the white race and the destruction of western civilization which 99 % of the members of this site are concerned with ?
< user > i m a slut and hoe
how fags cock looks while riding a dildo url
a chinese troll using sputnik to bolster his absurd argument .
hilarious ...
how do chinese parents name their children ?
throw silverware down the stairs .
sharia is happening one way or another you dune coons are not as fun about it tho
fuck toy nazi bitch .
you posted a clown world meme .
that 's nazi shit .
mask off !
let 's see if you have the balls to own it .
i do n't tell you to stay in your shitty country .
a person with your lack of intelligence does n't have an option to move internationally .
i said stay out of american politics and go eat a vegemite sandwich crocodile dundeeeeeee ..
we 're in june and there 's been 8 trans murders in the country , all of which have been black women .
this is what i 'm carrying with me this pride month .
rainbows and short shorts are fun , but this is reality .
rest in power sisters ❤ ️
why do you never see black asians ?
because they need open eyes to watch out for the cops .
i had a call from one of these scammers about microsoft windows .
i did everything he told me to do & kept him on the line for 7 minutes plus .
the only thing he did n't know was that my computer was in the other room & was not on .
i played so dumb the caller started getting angry with me & i told him i did n't like that tone of voice , so if he keeps talking like that i 'll hang up , he toned down his attitude & after talking a little while longer , he called an associate to take over .
it went on & on ( me playing dumb & him trying to scam me ) , he got so frustrated with me , he asked me if i was black .
that 's when i told him what does race have to do with this ?
he finally hung up the phone & i thought how rude(not ) .
they never called me back after that .
note : i am not black but asian .
they are obviously trying to dehumanize anyone that disagrees with them so they can feel justified in committing acts of violence against them they do not realize they are gearing up to fight people who have no such need for a justification like that to have some fun with fisticuffs
chinese people are really , really stupid .
bill tremblay : do you know how much we fund k12 education today ?
how about more than $ 22,000 per student and growing .
pelican school district has 11 kids and costs $ 54,000 per student .
it even has a superintendent .
greed , just pure greed .
alaska spends more than any other state on k12 education per capita .
you touch on psg and inter not having great recognition here in the us .
that factor warrants more attention on your part .
scanning through the event 's list of matches played in the us this summer , the psg / inter match - up warrants a place in the bottom two .
there 's no doubt real / manu would have sold out autzen .
tonight 's chelsea / liverpool match in the rose bowl would have doubled the attendance .
why ?
relocated brits say the barclay 's premier league is more accessible now on tv / tablets for american viewers than it is in england .
isco is the only inter player most can name , and he did n't feature on saturday .
psg 's most recognizable player , zlatan ibrahimovic , now plays for manu.   it sure seems like your column entirely changes if autzen draws a better match .
the american system does not , and never did go by majority populous vote .
people vote for their electoral college representative according to their party ( d / r. )    the ec is made up of one   representative from each county in the country .
the ec decides who appointed to the oval office by the preponderance of party - line votes in each county .
trump won 309 ec votes and clinton 217 ( ? ) ) .
it balances high - density populations of cities like boston , new york and philadelphia , and low - density rural ridings ( much like toronto and the rest of ontario ) .
that is just how it works and nothing is going to change it .
you may as well complain about the price of tea in china .
wow you are so alpha abusing women on the internet parroting anglin troll articles you just dgaf what these bitches < number > something married women opposing feminism on youtube say so so alpha now go finish your homework before your mom gets angry
' king ' , ' dictator ' and ' koolaid ' .
that 's all i need to know about your thought process .
my friends highkey got that bitch personality i fucking hate them
if this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in india ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor .
i feel sorry for mexican and asian niggas , they got the worse shaped bitches on earth .
my stepmother recently purchased a nine month old mazda mx-5 miata convertible by working part time from a home computer .
www.moneylot4.com
literally just chased my dog for 15 fucking minutes because my gram let him out & # 128545;&#128545 ;
that is n't how being human works .
that 's why human rights are universal and why we ca n't napalm isis .
that 's just like people who buy fine chicks nice stuff and go out of they way for em and still get left in the friend zone .
she do n't owe you
rapper li l king jong un ching chong after us lists him as state supporter of terror it mistranslated as one without mandrill mindset which makes him even more of a chink magnet
that child has probably been raped and molested since an infant imo
you take offense to using their nationality as a descriptive device ?
why- is there something wrong with being afghan ?
insisting no change in doctrine is possible harms the church , its people and the truth .
indeed , some still resist evolution because it contradicts eden .
the doctrine on original sin is and should be fluid , as is the doctrine of the nature of salvation .
the traditional view leads many away from the - church .
new perspectives should be encouraged rather than condemned , especially when the traditional ones have fallen flat .
dinardo is late in realizing this , probably because st. john paul and pope benedict were not friendly to such exploration .
better late than never .
black girls reach menses not < number > b confused w mensa much earlier in fact blacks develop physically earlier than whites monkeys develop physically earlier than blacks north asians take the longest to develop hmm seems < number > b a pattern here must be kangz
i like how they 're all queers
i lived in tulsa awhile back right down from the airport .
harriot tubman should n't be on the $ < number > bill she should be on a $ < number > bill
you can read the charter all the way through and you will not find an exception for accused traitors , or accused terrorists , or anybody else .
the charter applies to everybody .
your assertion that " khadr gave up those rights " is a rejection of the charter , starting with the right to be presumed innocent until proven guilty .
you are one of the native - born canadians who does not accept the charter .
while cops bother asians even now , they are on their worst behavior with blacks and still are .
when they say they fear black suspects , it comes from guilt .
< user > just be thankful someone bullied you in boston but in fact did not call you a faggot
< user > kamala harris refused to prosecute the oc police for my false arrests all cases dismissed under her watch is harassment of single attractive white women part of her platform as california ag she did nothing to curb tobacco distribution publichhealth < user > < user >
what 's the worst thing about being a chinese jew ?
you have to join your dog in the oven
so thankful to god for the most strictest yet fun - loving parents .
through them i was able to see god 's love and nothing beats them .
hey white liberal cucks and all you race mixers ........ las vegas is real diverse ........... time is short !
all of the intersectionality olympics are bullshit , and you 're shit for playing them too .
why do they need to make sure they check off as many of the " oppressed minority " boxes they can when deciding who to put on a bill ?
just to please some shrieking harpies , and you shrieking about which boxes did or did n't get checked is just as bad .
me : goblin is so boring wth i m gon na start another drama * suddenly sungjae appears * me : oh wow suddenly goblin got 100× better
pussy niggas wearing purses and they jeans too tight
niggas acting like bitches
< user > news flash yes you can sure white people do not have to deal with systematic racism and have it way easier than other groups i am not gon na deny that but just like everyone else there still stereotypes they have to deal with all white people are racist for example
disgusting asian mentality where the women have to do everything .
if he was so tired of her being late why did n't he helped her instead and sped things up .
but no only women must do everything .
stupid ideology certain men have .
the chinaman hates niggers fact
adding in , again , a piece from the past , and then asking a question from that : in 2006 the city council made a decision to change the routing of the rail to take the train through the airport than through salt lake .
the newspaper of record at the time wrote this as part of the reasoning for this decision : 

 while adding $ 200 million to the $ 3.9 billion construction , the airport route would average an estimated 95,000 passengers a day , while the salt lake route would carry 88,000 .
the airport route would be useful to employees commuting to the airport and pearl harbor naval base 

 “ ; the higher cost of the airport alternative would be offset by the higher ridership and user benefits for that alternative , ” ; the environmental statement says .
so my question , even if you adjust the numbers because your cutting out half the line , would n't the system still be viable for the time being at least from those employees that work at the airport and jbphh ?
to me it 's about ethics .
ethical slut ?
you do you !
unethical slut ?
shameful .
woman in r / canada wants spousal support from her husband even though she is able to work and her children are in their 20 's .
this is a horrifying thread .
skin color is not what defines us .
but if you hate someone due to the color of their skin , it certainly defines you .
i hope all of us who feel otherwise will stand up against racist rhetoric and actions .
@little riceboy he is retarded bogan , a lapdog of america , poor ass criminal offspring , austirlia is backward third world country
msnbc is brought to you by the iranian government with contributions from isis !
those asians and blacks would continue to imitate whites just to gain an upper hand or just to show that they are ` ` superior '' .
my schoolmate is selling a katy perry perfume omggg but idk if it is orig or not but yeaaahhh its cheap af ! ! !
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
there 's no grouping , clueless ! ! !
check out the facts , which apparently do n't fit your liberal views .
70 % out of wedlock birth rate among young black females and to many of the males leaving them alone .
black on black crime rate up double digits in chicago in 2017 alone ! !
and the lists go on and on .
i 'm no where near as ignorant and arrogant as you sound ! ! !
just so you know i was born into a military family and was going to the same schools , riding the same buses , walking the same streets , scout troops , sports and eating in the same lunch rooms as blacks , hispanics and asians .
and this was in the 50 's & 60 's , long before you ever saw the first minority .
and guess what clueless ? ?
we   got along , because we " all " were held to the same standards expected of military personal / dependents living on base or in the surrounding areas .
just a little personal knowledge and experience ! !
no , but it 's a very important step to equality .
< user > imagine u in the crib eatin sum talenti n a white bitch jus come in n shoots u i d be pissed i am glad trial was that quick lmfao
my rising is good news for born again caucasians and the believing black people it not so good for the white men burning to the dead goats pigs elephants those who come back out of the bottomless pit no one like trump a black man in a white man body
the puppers getting sad about comments without swearsies shows how ungrateful they are .
they obviously do n’t know about asian owners .
keep killing each other you warmongering nation .
good points , rickschlosser !
for app users r / darkjokecentral is a good sub small community , no tags just simple jokes , we ’re about to hit 3k and would appreciate more users , please check out r / darkjokecentral for good and sometimes original jokes
< user > it was its just everyone on anitwit is retarded
hell no definitely not the first time you know your name by now i am sure of that even a fucking chimp would know it name by now i would assess your capabilities somewhere between average dindu nigger and the chimpanzee
then go back to india bitch where the brownies shit in a gutter and get sold into marriage by their dads to the highest bidder .
affirmative action hurts asians the most , followed by whites .
if college admissions were completely race blind , it has been estimated that asian enrollment would increase 5x , white enrollment would increase slightly , and there would be almost no blacks , hispanics or indigenous people .
an important fact for all of us to know if where esteban santiago got the mental health treatment the apd arranged for him .
did he go to the va in anchorage ?
if so , did the individuals who get paid for being there decide that santiago was " good to go " ?
did they give him a sack of drugs ( the usual treatment there ) and tell him to hit the road ?
is mr. poole still in charge there ?
the place is a cesspool .
it 's not an acceptable place for veterans to get actual mental health treatment .
kabbalah zohar comes from people who rejected jesus as the messiah .
chinese business at its corrupt and opaque best -- or rather worst !
no one argues that gays should not be loved .
not jesus --- who taught that men are created men , and women created women , for a reason ; not the church ; not christians who believe on the church ; not st. paul , not pope francis , who despite letting you know that gays are loved , still teaches the sinfulness of gay sex .
your accusations against those who believe church teaching are as tiresome as they are false .
if you cared for your brother as much as you claim , you 'd stop encouraging defiance of the church 's ancient moral teachings on homosexuality .
< user > < user > girl i m watchin that shit for free hella ghetto on bing on my tv 😂 😂 😂 😂
obviously edward mcclellan is defying the odds .
as far as interracial crime goes :  
 of the nearly 770,000 violent interracial crimes committed every year involving blacks and whites , blacks commit 85 percent and whites commit 15 percent .
blacks commit more violent crime against whites than against blacks .
forty - five percent of their victims are white , 43 percent are black , and 10 percent are hispanic .
when whites commit violent crime , only three percent of their victims are black .
blacks are an estimated 39 times more likely to commit a violent crime against a white than vice versa , and 136 times more likely to commit robbery .
blacks are 2.25 times more likely to commit officially - designated hate crimes against whites than vice versa .
as far as criminal gangs 
 only 10 percent of youth gang members are white .
hispanics are 19 times more likely than whites to be members of youth gangs .
blacks are 15 times more likely , and asians are nine times more likely .
that 's the data .
the committee has no legitimacy particularly since monsef has been caught committing immigration fraud .
btw she must be in hiding because the enviro min is chairing the committee now
damn i wish it was that easy new laundry detergent it will turn a nigger into an asian in < number > seconds flat
it 's 2017 not 1817 .
the rule of law must be followed !
" on the winner creek trail " is a pretty broad area .
which part ?
near the gorge ?
the tram ?
upper winner creek ?
how far from any trailhead ?
this information could help people out in attempting to assist .
hop sing no jew yes but i bet they looked for a jew to play his part then came to conclusion we can not find a jew that will fit the role okay let us get a gook at minimum wage
anyone who comments on this is a rapist with a black mask .
and guess who just admitted it .
i do not hate blacks but i hate the fact that its a perceived crime to say the word nigger if one chooses
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
from sandy hook to columbine to ivy league schools , no child at any age is safe .
teachers , staff , parent volunteers , school bus drivers ... and of course the responding officers .
no one is safe , and that is the scary reality we live in .
they make indians look really bad .
that 's why no one likes them .
especially the indian terrorist .
indian people are toxic to society
" dozens " oh shit .
dozens of agents are going to stem the tide of thousands of illegals .
but it isn't a white majority country .
that needle tipped 10 years ago .
you go back to where your lice ridden tuberculosis infected relatives came from .
do you think cats can be racist ?
i offered mine some house fried rice and she seemed disgusted by it .
one of the challenges is bad planning for years , and a heavily overvalued real estate market in canada ( calgary is not an exception ) .
this all comes to a head now ... the numbers just do not add up ... in sweden we build for about 100 dollars per sqft ... in alberta we do it for 200 and up .... and that is not r40 walls insulation ....
it does n't matter if you 're : — black — white — rich — poor — tall — short — cis — trans — disabled — able - bodied you are valid , you are worth it , and you are loved .
except if you think a " straight pride " parade is a good idea .
this co ordinated attack on the white patriarchy is fundamental to replacing white men with women and minorities fewer whites males in power and in the media makes it easier for the power structure to behave inimically to the white population and dismantle america as we know knew it
i 'm not going to say i told you so .
however , i will say that you 'll probably see this , and you know my email address if you need help .
they made a bottle flip game app ? ! ?
this is preposterous . ......
but imma download it and see if it 's fun anyways .
no it was never a legit quality signal it was always a retarded scam
a girl who getting it in school and work .... i applaud you !
y'all the real bitches !
y'all doing what you do and doing it well !
i know a 5'6 handsome guy who gets fresh young pussy daily but no tall subhuman faces that do 
 face is everything unless you 're like 5'2 then you 're fucked anyway
< user > < user > and a ching chong and bing bong to you too
the atma contained in me used to occupy the body of oskar schindler there are nine thousand schindler jews who are only going to procreate i will not go near jews or israel until it aspires to or manifests a level of love prevalent at camp echo lake
" unforgettable ipl moments : " " mumbai indians chased 191 in 14.4 overs against rr in 2014 and qualified to play off " " "
in these same line of thinking , we should n't have to choose : as the us is a diverse country and there are so many different possibilities of denominations , it should n't be condensed in 4 or 5 categories .
that being said , i 'm a proud mestizo caribbean and my kids will be mestizo americans ? (
my husband is european white )
at the end of a telephone survey which took about twenty minutes to complete .
caller : : ethnicity ?
your choices are caucasian , asian , hispanic , african american , pacific islander , other ... me : : asian .
caller : : wow , you do n't have an accent .
you do n't even sound asian !
anything but face up to the biggest problem black people have black culture a one eyed illiterate indian chinese immigrant can come to the us have a child send them to black ghetto school and they totally outperform blacks and go to a top college do not commit much crime etc
@cernovich @roswell2001 the whole interview is amazing cnn : trump is racist , right ?
rev : no .
cnn : really ?
c'm on .
he 's a racist rev : no .
cnn : well , you hate gays , why should we listen to you ? ? #
notjournalism
hopefully the french have learned some lessons by watching our trump debacle .
i 've been locked out of my twitter account yet @gab @a are always there for me 🙌 🏻 

 conservatives are n't allowed to have a voice .
i needed to hate you to love me
and double down as a palestinian refugee .
hmmm ?
what possibly could be his motivation ?
another swamp , another day .
he is mad his bottom line is getting hurt and his chinese handlers are in his ear
@tatertotiana @raystaucin @saymzfacade that sounds like the niggas you been dealing with everybody ai n't boring it 's plenty of niggas out here who have all of that but y' all do n't pay attention to them cause y' all think they corny or whatever prime example this picture we under y' all do the most for no reason
borninto the aftermaths of nihilism 

 kali yuga 
 harrowing 
 everything 
 pointedly 
 into the void
" he asked " " who was that ? " "
i told him to mind his fucking business and drive & # 128580 ; "
looks like white woke folks are starting to worry about their unstable sense of superiority .
everyone wants to live in the society created by white people do they think the society will remain once they get rid of the white people
that moment when you silence a mage and they start backpedalling and you just know it 's about to go down
the only reason i 'd flag your post is because , imo , you 're being too kind and understanding , going too easy on zachary :-| 
 these are the issues that cause me to hope and pray that there is a heii , and that zach begin experiencing it sooner rather than later .
no mercy .
when that rag head nadiya won the great british bake off the media described her as moslem but the child rapists in rotherham were called asian moslem when their baking asian when their raping
you take offense to using their nationality as a descriptive device ?
why- is there something wrong with being afghan ?
we support all individuals regardless of sex or gender identity ...
this dog just messed up his cage&#128580 ; so glad it happened now before i was sleeping good then the middle of the night
the chinese are n't stupid enough to believe anything that comes out of his mouth ... in any language .
now i feel sick now maddie got ta get her ass beat & # 129314 ;
noir is so good you gays
faith goldy alt lite anti illegal rapefugee march on the gaybec jew york border actually ended with a chinaman singing the cucknadian national anthem ffs the absolute state of clown world
a good window or floor fan does the job of white noise much better than a tv .
ho - hum , just another of denise 's socially superior , supercilious ' canada is so flawed '   rambles .
i 'm not sure , but it seems that the g&m collects all of the these folks in one little basket and inflicts them on us when ever they think we are getting too complacent about what decent people we are .
must be the water in toronto .
ridiculous ... most of the 1 billion or so china peeps live in 3rd world conditions the money that the chinese are wasting on stupid islands and now petty games at sea is   horrible to average " joe and jane china" ... the chinese leadership is just as paranoid nuts as north korea in creating fear and a enemy to maintain power
jay , it 's been awhile , but i 've been to russia and spent time on a russian research ship .
if they have anything that actually works well all the time , they must be keeping it a secret .
@raquelminkey @govmikehuckabee @realdonaldtrump wholesome jokes about how women should be obedient and how killing gays is funny .
i think i will pass ...
maybe that 's true , but its more believable than anything trump says .
somehow with the new twitter revelations there is a meme with the words " jack off " someone will create .
sounds like someone that is mentally ill .
i 'm not sure that not having representation during votes of the whole house amounts to much representation at all , but okay .
hate to break it to you : women already get paid as much as men for the same job- more , depending on the job sector .
also ?
women attend and graduate college more than men .
also ?
live longer .
.
" equality for all ? "
please- list one single right that men currently are afforded that women are not- just one .
please- just a single one .
thanks .
you are calling others racist after your comments about south asians ?
oh hypocrisy !
hey remember the japanese where on the good side during ww2 on a light note , ya , i can be idolized and all my coworkers , we are all heroes ready to build the next rail gun cannons that will power ww3
six of one , half dozen of the other .
muslims jews homosexuals transgenders blacks hispanics and all the other minorities in usa vote democrat even single women vote democrat the reason is hate for whitey and christianity the white man is the last person democrats want to vote for them the democrat party is very sick
people do nt feel comfortable telling blacks hispanics that they are acting black hispanic because they will be admonished at best or assaulted at worst whites and asians just bend over and take it though when people insult them as acting white asian whites and asians rarely defend themselves
so i went to my old high school in south texas to see some friends .
we are teenagers and started having a discussion about gay bars vs. dyke bars .
then this happened : : friend : : are n't gay bars and dyke bars the same thing ?
me : : no , they 're not .
i 'd rather go to a dyke bar since , well , i 'm a dyke .
friend : : whatever .
i 'm not a fan of dykes .
me : : * shoots a look at * excuse me .
friend : : look , i do n't like dykes .
i like you though .
made me feel angry , side - lined , being the token dyke , tolerated but not accepted .
sugar or spice is alright but i 'll pass on the chocolate and rice
obama did not do enough for black people not even god can do enough it impossible maybe if they ship in whites and asians and paint them black
china has issues with the rule of law , and human rights .
but does anyone really care ?
the extradition treaty with china is unlikely to impact everyday canadians .
the only people that should be worried are chinese citizens living in canada .
so why do normal canadians , those born here care ?
i agree that some chinese living in canada might be innocent , but you have to assume that some accused of corruption or fraud are actual criminals .
they defraud people in china , escape to canada , and then defraud actual canadians .
the victims of extradition are n't even canadian ... 

 obviously the chance of a chinese criminal committing the same crime in canada is small .
but an extradition treaty does nothing that would hurt real canadians .
yet , it prevents canada from becoming a haven for chinese criminals that might commit the same crimes against canadians ... if canada gets more favorable trade terms with china out of this , its a win - win imo .
sucks for chinese immigrants .
but great for canada .
it is a battle nobody wins .
that is why you warn not to go there .
" i am the least racist person there is anywhere in the world , " # trump told reporters tuesday.#really anywhere ? #
liar # liarinchief # stop # pleasestop
man , i 'm thirsty !
hey - what does a guy have to to do get some water around this place ?
it 's really good to see that the people of northern ireland will not tolerate any $ hit or problems from foreigners .
the holocaust is widely believed even by nazis like me gasing jews or napalming vietnamese lacks knightlyhood i e is detestful
you mean awake do not use blm ghetto language
fuck me in the psych ward
no offense but from pictures of the downed assailant and videos the man does n't look middle eastern .
i 'm just saying .
he may be muslim in faith but definitely not middle eastern and likely very much an extremist .
i wish people should have to be granted a license in order to procreate
we regret to inform you that your mother has aids and minorities are genetically less intelligent than whites .
thank you url
just you ha'oles ...
sharia is happening one way or another you dune coons are not as fun about it tho
we have < number > million invaders and refugees work hard for them
i m a sensitive bitch who takes shit too seriously
the only reason i 'd flag your post is because , imo , you 're being too kind and understanding , going too easy on zachary :-| 
 these are the issues that cause me to hope and pray that there is a heii , and that zach begin experiencing it sooner rather than later .
no mercy .
no u do not jewish israel4jewish people u wish u had but u have the nt like ur leaders instructed u can not dance < number > weddings with < number > arse so we jews have the original book because like moham the arabs u did not have < number >
lllll alaska jack wrote , " i would only note that the men and women of the alaska air national guard did indeed participate in the responses to both hurricane harvey and hurricane irma . "
.
thanks , i knew that , press releases went out early on .
but the article seems to indicate that 80 ak guard personal will be stationed in the " middle east " for 4 months .
how many of our guard are on 4 month assignment in pr ?
very ugly looking nigger .
i d say to kill it and eat it whole .
also , feed my ur titty milk .
i want those tits in my mouth , asap .
you dumb nigger .
by my sex slave , por favor .
also , if you do nt want to kill the alpaca , i recommend nursing it and giving it vanilla titty milk(if ur a hick in the south ) , or chocolate titty milk ( if u is a niggur ) , or lemonade(if ur a chink )
i fucking ca n't with this show i 'm getting gayer by the second
@aig " why god hates pride " ..... funny how he 's supposed to be " all loving " until you twist it all round in your hate filled bigoted manner .
how about you stop persecuting other people and just concentrate on getting your own house in order ?
you have 2000 years to catch up on .
see this little white supremacist idol you got going for you is not why notre dame was built it was built to honor a living god
who would have thought my nigger ass would be eating some fucking california rolls lmao
go back omar you piece of garbage ... from vietnamese proud american .
rangermc ,   you do nt even make sense anymore .
when will you thumpers realize that lgbtq 's ,   blacks , muslims , mexicans , asians , the poor , the homeless , aliens , extraterrestrial and earth bound , all have the same , inalienable rights as you , white , christian males do ( in a just world of course ) , the right of personal choice .
no one says a straight guy ca nt marry a straight woman .
we just do nt care because it is none of our business .
its not about your beliefs or your ideology , its about equality and a persons right to choose .
your comment on transgenders in elementary school bathrooms is just too stupid to deserve an answer .
adrian luckman , professor of glaciology at swansea university : emphasised that there is no evidence that the calving of the giant iceberg is linked to climate change .
further , recent data from the scripps institute of oceanography actually show most of the shelf thickening .
on april 05 , 2017 , i traveled 15269 steps , 12.639093399 km , burned 601.94 calories , and was active for 2h 29 m. # up # jawbone
john , push for the vouchers .
dontcha know ... the cateye is from eygypt .
we stole that look from eygyptian cats which their owners idolized , which is in the northern africas ... i think and know that now we own the look .
i boycotted the junk but just to be sure all across the board whites blacks asians and minorities should know how much egyptians loved slaves .
hey i got an idea lets wait for asians latinos and white people to create a worldwide company then complain that they wo nt give us an executive job without any education or self reliance we will call it racism then claim affirmative action
or like the right amount of horny but not for lesbians
nazi assholes < number > good republican < number > joke antifa hezbollah sandniggers10 little bitch mellenial < number > stupid democrats that just veiw cause scard < number > lmfao stupid dems open there mouths < number > only few have balls lmfao
build a wall around trumpelthinskin 
 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌮 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌯 🌯
those who want a hindi speaking nation , suggest you figure migration to pakistan .
urdu is closer to hindi than tamil or marathi is 😂 🤦 ‍ ♀ ️
< number > week ban wot game chat ban for saying i want to throw your mother in an oven shitskin
i see it in my mind , her head shaking , finger pointing while yapping away like a chicken without a head .
lol
i wish i would argue with a nigga or a bitch imma just laugh at ya ass
< user > you too retard
is it just me or is the world going to hell in a hand basket canada is truly in the shit trudeau is letting refugees in all over the place attacks by refugees are happening in canada and msm not covering it
the smarter white persians suffering the consequences their dumber fellows under islam ironically the average european white is being held down by their smarter fellows that are obsessed with virtue signaling and equality and their disdain for their own people
if i can tell asians apart whites are pretty easy
on april 05 , 2017 , i traveled 15269 steps , 12.639093399 km , burned 601.94 calories , and was active for 2h 29 m. # up # jawbone
< user > dude same when they brought in the stand your ground law i was nervous that another white would be off the hook the things they are gon na do to that bitch she deserves every bit
hating another race for no reason generally makes you racist dumbshit .
still confused ?
funny how the only people who ask how that s racist are always racist cunts themselves huh trash cunt ?
why do niggers think they are the only victims in life ?
asians do not whine .
most browns do not whine .
just blacks .
75 percent bastard rate , 16 act , low college graduation rates , et al .
useless failed losers from africa !
go home !
bitch what natural flavour is neon blue
i 'd fuck your thick ass curry flavored cunt until i filled your cervix with my fresh hot cum .
i want your belly and tits to swell up and give your body a purpose aside from whoring yourself online .
i want you to be my little indian slut slave .
you want my thick hard white american dick to put a baby in you ?
damn right we are going to react when an < number > white country pushes non white actors everywhere
was this a fat white people rally or purely a gook zerg rush
give me a fucking break as if there is something to debate here blacks are inferior to whites and asians by every measure that why black communities are an absolute mess if you believe in evolution you have to accept equality is a myth
i guess you did n't read the article where obama 's 2009 speech was more of an apology .
what could the point possibly be in having the chinese watch hockey ?
with all the teams in the nhl now and the overload of young non talented players it is n't worth watching until the playoffs .
ca n't you just see teams wanting to fly to china for a weekend series against shanghai ?
ridiculous !
rt @griff_thegreat : drake said it best when he said " niggas act more like bitches these days ! "
kc missouri is the place to go on vacation one does not have to contend with ghetto trash what a relief
how dumb are you isis are poor as fuck the get there money from america and iran and if you are dumb enough the fuckin u.s provide the fuckin guns to iran so stop blaming muslims for it when you fuckin government provide that type of shit pls people wake the fuck the up
you can hate me but these are some chink ass laundry mat ass karaoke owning ass racist bitches
< number > ghetto white people who did drugs and got abortions and could not speak without using the f word they were called white negroes the black culture has become part of america white people endorsing this immorality and violence is why we are in decline
lol , that chick from last night is still raging about me blocking her , i guess .
i 'm glad your own experiences have made for a better life for yourself and it 's great that you 've been accepted , as everyone of the lgbtq+ community should be .
i do believe it 's a disorder also , but i 'm not saying that in a derogatory way- the question i ask really stems from the fact that i 'd like to see how better we can help people live with said disorder and be happy in that disorder .
because i do n't think telling trans people that what they are going through is ' normal ' is going to solve that .
go back to europe .
i do n't think so you phony .
stick to the facts .
that congress race was a special election for about 4 - 5 months .
caldwell has been throwing fundraisers for four years .
count them , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ... starting with his illegal and unethical luau where he has been found guilty of violations .
currynigger and known race traitor < user > has now hit the force unfollow button on me < number > times in the last < number > hours this little freeway shitstain can not pull off even pretending to be pro speech it just wants to cut things into swiss cheese safespace hugboxes for it weakminded little self gab fam
rt if your account is a safe place for lgbtq members poc muslims women people from every nation
pussy niggas wearing purses and they jeans too tight
i know my job already tired of my ass but honestly i m tired of this white ass institution too
all 2 dozen of em eh .
muslim men looking for which of their made up hadiths to pull out in order to disarm educated muslim woman that they think is threatening their agenda url
@wsrocket _ that 's the thing i ai n't buying they way in nun they gone earn that shit just like everybody else if they ca nt get in using they brain they do nt needa be at that mf 😂 😂 😂 😂
i 'm sure they were n't , but that 's beside the point .
each is entitled to a fair trial , not execution on the spot .
( unless they threaten someone with guns . )
ascendancy of the human to the divine 
 in the likeness of trinity godhead : 
 communication is process of word ; faith ; 
 consciousness is light , hope , enlightened in word power ; 
 conscience is committed love , informed in / by word , light .
the chinese always play a duplicitous game , and the cereal - bowl - haircut - lunatic in nk is their boy : lock stock and barrel .
they have no intention of reining in kim - he is doing exactly as the chinese leadership wants and intends him to do - act as a bargaining chip .
the chinese do n't want thaad deployed- but rather than raising it directly with the us , their bellicose little attack dog in pyongyang is instructed to do it for them in his inimitable way .
quite the theater production .
esau is a pedophile its there history
ok , wise men of tourism - time to incorporate the hawaiian islands actual indigenous people in the expansion of tourism 's infrastructure so it grows over the next fifty years .
using native hawaiian land , everyone in the islands prospered except the native hawaiians , relegated to federal reservations , prison , drug rehab or living in the rough while the hustlers who stole their identity and their land made billions and billions .
the native hawaiian 's right in the land is a right not an interest .
the state and all land owners are using that right while obstructing it for the original owners of all the land .
time for that to come to an end once and for all .
the native hawaiian must rise economically at the same wavelength of all settlers and colonialists starting right now .
you must study who is obstructing this and marginalize them as they marginalized hawaii 's future prosperity by screwing the native hawaiians .
dan inouye is gone .
why is your white ass in my black business you re white
i do n't know how well this software [ facial recognition software ] will work in places like asia because all chinese people look the same .
what a lowlife , scumbag , can do that to the people that benefits from the arc .
geez , this fricken scum will burn in hell .
sell all of her property and cars etc and give all that money back to the arc .
wtf is this world coming too ! !
the ainokea club ! !
terrible .
nowadays get more crappy people just waiting for their karma to come back and bite them in their butt .
not to many nice , moral people out there anymore .
this island especially has turned to the sewer hole .
look around everyone , this island is socially sinking and i do not see it making a turn for the best .
i see younger adults just close the door on senior citizen without any second thoughts , drivers all day long sticking the middle finger and people just cutting in without waving thank you .
i know for sure the chinese immigrants taxi drivers do not know how to wave thank you .
iwilei costco feels like i 'm in southeast asia or china , rude people at that costco
# teabagger state like mississippi opposed to minimum wage , child labor laws , unions , is pro - scab , sweatshop work - pretty much # slavery .
as to the " boat people " association with your vietnamese name , it 's kind of ridiculous too , given that it happened almost 40 years ago .
your picture is tiny , but were you even born then ?
do you feel the need for " lessons " * now regarding what your elders did or did not do ? ?
fwiw , except for native americans ( my left leg and some internal organs , i figure ) everyone else here is originally from some kind of damn boat .
and the earliest native population came by boat down the west coast from asian land bridges .
i digress .
does this historical information make any dent in the disrespect / categorization that comes across in using the term " boat people " ?
of course it does not .
it sucks and it feels slimy .
it puts up walls .
so where does the ' lesson go ' ?
in the crapper .
lumping people together by race / nationality is obsolete .
period .
your own subtitle 
 " curators of the show use gallery admission as a lesson in privilege and race " shows their failed ' logic ' .
i still hope to see the art !
i want < number > walls all non white immigration stopped < number > million beaners deported blacks repatriated asians monitored and muslims removed the jews get the oven mix breeds sterilized fuck just get rid of the asians too
whitey prevails for a change miss south africa beats out a nig two spics and a gook to win miss u
< number > ghetto white people who did drugs and got abortions and could not speak without using the f word they were called white negroes the black culture has become part of america white people endorsing this immorality and violence is why we are in decline
were the kardasians jenners raised to be coal burners or what i mean the mom married a crazy white man that thinks he s a lady you think she raised them not to like white guys
why do japanese people never play bingo ?
they all disappear after they hear b-29
who thinks white people should marry white people and only white people ?
losing all chill lately .
if i see stupidity , it 's an instant unfollow or mute .
especially if it 's by another youtuber
fuck yess a nice white lady with a brown man
< user > < user > < user > < user > imagine making fortnite references to insult someone i can tell ur a mad < number > year old that scams for accounts i hope ozzy gets raped by ur snobby carer
after white people are thoroughly minoritized in the us every white ghetto will have a robert e lee boulevard running through it
the white race is best because when the creator made whites , he made them better than he made the other races .
< user > < user > is using his white male privilege racist patriarchy to attack an innocent young black african american male for shame
why do indian boys grow beards ?
so they can look like their mothers . _
< elong > xpost : r / sickipedia
re " there is no seat for hate here " 

 i hope that our muslim friend takes this message to her fellow muslims around the world - no one needs to hear it more .
the job of legislators is to give the ‘ people ’ the chance to do their jobs correctly , whether it be police , prosecutors judges , or prison officials by providing them with the money and the tools to succeed , hopefully without breaking the bank while doing that ,   with sb91 , legislators did the opposite with the judges .
legislators derailed the ability of judges to both protect the public as well as punish the criminal element .
they did this in a number of ways most notably by reducing sentencing times .
unless sentences imposed by judges were unconstitutionally harsh , this makes absolutely no sense whatsoever , except for monetary reasons .
what legislators did was to take tools away from ak 's judges .
in the end , legislators said they were in a better position and more knowledgeable than the judges on how criminals should be handled and sentenced , and the public protected .
sadly , this was just flat out wrong .
that 's just like the argument we find on r / worldnews , where when we put the mars or moon mission , everyone was like - oh but why do n't you first stop shitting in your streets / raping women / killing all your lower - caste people / solving kashmir issue etc .
race is a good indicator of culture and beliefs .
it does n't mean you have to do anything , but it definitely creates statistically significant trends .
just the same way religion , education , and career does .
make as well make smoking cigarettes racist too since tobacco is considered our most holy medicine .
we 're also supposed to burn tabacoo at the end of smudging as a thanks to the spirits .
i doubt many people burning sage is also burning cigarettes at the end while making war whoops
# pridemonth happy gay month gays :d
bad idea !
china is playing the imperial power and wants to undermine the world bank and the asian development bank .
we should have no part in this as china is a one party communist , anti - democracy state that tolerates no freedom and no dissent .
not a good business partner and we need to stay away .
liberals use your heads -the pm is   easily swayed by china and our finance minister already showed us he is corrupt and a liar - so i guess he is just like china .
please kill them and get them out of the gene pool so the human race could get a little better
@bhaavnaarora gud that they left india ... our country is more safe now 😊 let them use their degrees to make suicide vests .
if there s something strange in ur neighbourhood who you gon na call the klu klux klan
< user > it seems to me that the only qualification to be an american yellow journalist on cnn or msnbc is to either be a man hating bull dyke like christianne amanpour who refuses to suck dick or a woman hating faggot who loves sucking dick like anderson cooper
< user > < user > this has nothing to do with ching chong kim jong
i love alt j but i think it ’ homophobic for a white man to make me listen to alt j
anyone who comments on this is a rapist with a black mask .
and guess who just admitted it .
invariably , whenever anyone learns that i am biracial and bilingual , they always demand proof in the form of ' say something in chinese ! '
it always makes me feel like a performing dog doing tricks for treats .
one day , one of my friends let loose this bewildering discussion out of nowhere : : her : : hey , how come i never hear you speak chinese ?
me : : who would i speak it to ?
no one here speaks chinese .
her : : i do n't care , i just want to hear you speak chinese .
an eavesdropping male classmate : : i want to hear some too .
another female classmate : : me too !
do it !
do it !
my friend , putting her hand out as if she were shaking with a dog : : speak , girl , speak !
college class with sophomores and juniors , a few weeks ago .
patronized and fetishized for their entertainment , and wondering if i should roll over and beg for their amusement as well .
celtics lose and it was not good .
they get their rude awakening that the cavs are in fact on a different level and lecoast is real .
mmmm i d love to fuck the crack of that great ass slide my cock between those cheeks and jackoff with your ass
if we embrace all faiths , you are condemning people to hell .
i was wondering if anyone else was having trouble accessing www.ireland-awake.tk ?
i click the click and all that comes up is a dottk registration page anyone help ?
i wish there was a version of twitter that did n't constantly remind me that the world is hell and that everyone hates black women
many asian women did indeed provide “ comfort ” services to the japanese imperial forces during world war ii , but i do not believe they did it at the point of a gun nor was it sexual slavery .
throughout history , military forces have had no problem finding “ comfort women ” regardless of the country in which they operated and they were able to find them without kidnapping , coercion or threats of any kind .
wars create horrible conditions which cause people to resort to often unthinkable means to survive .
for many women , it was the use of their bodies , and there usually was more supply than demand .
i personally witness this during the korean war and during two years in vietnam .
some members of the imperial japanese forces no doubt forced women to have sex , which , of course , is rape , but i believe the “ comfort women ” who served the imperial japanese forces in brothels that sprung up and operated near japanese bases did so voluntarily for pay .
you niggas b lost in the sauce and then have to deal w/ a bitch u really did n't want to get pregnant for 18 years mandatory 🗣 🗣 because you pull out game is trash 😂 😭 could n't b me 🤷 🏾‍ ♂ ️
take a lesson from hawaii .
while you may like your leaders , keeping older members of congress too long leads to a situation where the next generation has no seniority , power or respect from other members of congress .
i 'm a use my dick like a pen and play connect the dots with your freckles 😉
as someone who 's been posting here for years , i can safely sat that cognitivedisonnance is a poster - boy for the tds - addled left ...
epic is a bunch of mongoloids
& gt;tfw you will never 360 no - cope with blackops2cel 
 suicide fuel
current gop demonstrating depth of their christian values .
@senrobportman @warrendavidson @votecandice16 # haveaheart https://t.co/btjaseepym
amber guyer this shot a man in his own place bitch got what she deserved justice for botham jean
< user > her phases have now included scene jack skellington which she shaved her head for hello kitty lesbian trans straight basic goth atheist and now basic white religious bitch
i have to go to court for not having an off campus pass ghetto 😣
i should give my passport to a jihadi for safekeeping so it never gets lost or damaged berlinchristmas
ha you cucks can not even defend yourselves while your shitskin mayor in london calls for the prosecution of anyone who chooses to do so funny how you circle jerk rare school shootings while riding the dicks of conspiratards truly astonishing how lost you borthers are low energy faggot
calling god 's word retarded , lemme know how that turns out for ya
have but fuck the grammar nazis
please kill them and get them out of the gene pool so the human race could get a little better
akjimbob : poetry costs nothing .
even your off - topic rant is poetry of sorts .
these inmates spilled their guts out with honesty and accuracy .
you spilled your guts with ( i presume ) honesty ... but missed the mark .
you so fucking outta line feel like you owe me checks , owe me time
truth sometimes hurts , but that does not make what you were trying to say wrong or worth a conversation.caring for women 's sport does not make you transphobic.if we lose the ability to have conversation we lose the ability to think.the problem i see here is the trans communities inability to have a intelligent conversation on the said arguement which i see as problem.it is especially confounding to me that the atheist community is not willing to have this conversation either which is a bit religious.keep up the good work steven .
you mean separated from sf and la .
the rest of california is still fairly liberty minded .
and the state is the 6th largest economy in the world , sending more tax dollars to the feds than it gets back , meaning we 're the sugar daddy to the other 49 ......
see this little white supremacist idol you got going for you is not why notre dame was built it was built to honor a living god
why would taiwan want crappy american tanks ?
the russian designs are far better .
i am broke in the ghetto way i got my tv and sat and internet being retired is boring
un experts arrive nigeria to deal with landmines scourge https://t.co/2ykwyj5wo8 https://t.co/dykb2bkhiy
yes you can go with her .
australians do n't require any visa to stay in nz for life .
your wife can wear a hijab and feel like a virtuous person .
url
i was talking about oriental ... not eskimo . (
sigh ) read the post ...   but the concept , if not the timeline applies .
insisting on a group - name decided by western countries looong ago is , on its face , pretty foolish .
are you a saxon too ?
or are you frankish ?
or celt ?
are you willing to live under the label given to your ancestors by my ancestors ?
and , yes , asian does apply to chinese , korean , and all the asian nations .
i do n't think i 've ever seen anyone refer to the russian far east as asian , but hey , ask them .
i like my grilled cheese how i like my vietnamese villagers yellow and melted .
well , it 's probably the asian part of you .
asian people are always so modest .
pretty much all of " idti i smotri " ( often mistranslated as come and see , go and look is far more accurate ) .
right on the dude is a politicain spend his time smilin at the camera instead of workin .
he 's just tryin to scare up votes by whinin here
maybe bill and justin should raise the top tax bracket to 75 % , would that " level " the playing field enough to offset junior 's spending
whites are superior except asians are smarter blacks are stronger and jews have outfoxed us at every point in history what did superior mean again
i 'm super proud of the native folx who came out today to show power & solidarity for migrant families from the south .
we in this together .
our liberation is connected to their liberation .
trooof .
so many soy boy cucks in the comment section supporting antifa .
i wish one of you soy boys would step to me .
get your scull cracked in half like the beta male pussies you truly are
< user > < user > yeah britisher came to trade after they traitors like mir jafar who betrayed own country and supporting britisher 😏 shame on mir jafar muslim and then jinnah who betray motherland 😐 anyways slavery is allow in muslim even they have permission to rape non muslim slaves
@little riceboy he is retarded bogan , a lapdog of america , poor ass criminal offspring , austirlia is backward third world country
protectionism is not good for the 1 % .
free trade drives wages down for the 99 % without providing any benefits .
more propaganda for the rich .
you mean nixon care ?
it has n't failed although it needs to be improved .
shame republicans are so incompetent .
yes hawaii is a democratic state so most of government is controlled by democrats .
so what ?
what makes you think republicans would not be far worse ?
i remember the days when hawaii was controlled by republicans .
as my mother used to say , try and find an asian or black member at oahu country club .
discrimination anyone ?
no problem .
and as for the federal budget , yes that is all republicans .
clinton left the country with a balanced budget but you so called fiscally responsible republicans blew it up and finally left the country with a trillion plus deficit .
what hypocrites you are .
disgusting !
y ’ all these girls really just tried to fight me in front of a church the ghetto 😩 😂
any time i hear it they always put a lil stank on it .
usually as they are gatekeeping " ur a cis white male so blah blah blah "
how long until it is revealed hollywood stars and directors raped and molested children regularly and it was known and an open secret within the industry
hi my name is chris i ' m 35 looking for white ladies to go on dates with that are devoted to one man .
why this guy is trying to apply western liberal enlightened thought to an asian muslim country is beyond me
do n’t think that what he / she is saying .
even an accidental touch could be construed as sexual assault   regardless of intent .
men / boys have to be extremely careful these days .
most cities have a ghetto street named mlk blvd
i like my grilled cheese like i like my vietnamese villagers yellow and melting .
if no one else is gon na say it i will little violence gt tantrum
you whores nut in dumb bitches who only want you for your mixed babies
douglass is actually straight .
i loved douglass .
game was rigged from the start goy wake up .
americans genocided europeans in both world wars .
more than any other race in the history of the world .
all part of the plan .
enjoy your brown and black invaders .
america died in the early 1900s .
your just propping up a dead corpse .
return to your roots white man .
or die and be forgotten .
quote : " pierre trudeau made multiculturalism a key plank in his plan to destroy english canada " .
you are right .
here in vancouver we have sikhs taxi drivers , philippino nannies , hispanic gardeners , ukrainian bakeries , chinese accountants , thai restaurants , mexican restaurants , not to mention the poles , the russians , the italians , the greeks , the vietnamese , the place is crawling with foreign students , there are even a few french people around .
the english are now hiding terrified in point grey , ca n't even find a decent place to go for tea .
your neighbour could be gay and you would not know about it .
terrible , absolutely terrible .
why are so many middle aged men going to japan ?
google the age of consent in japan .
waikiki is ft .
lauderdale and ko olina is palm beach to the discriminating new york visitor .
that 's one h*ll of a statement .
ko is more like orlando .
in fact new yorkers , stay away from here .
nothing will satisfy you .
you remind me of the mainland chinese ..... loud , rude and classless .
agreed .
whites are horrible .
they are just horrible and evil . -
blacks and muslims should flee white countries immediately and live among their own .
only this will save the oppressed blacks and muslims .
considering this is stormfront i 'd say we are all in agreement that we highly prefer white children to anything else ....
exactly , its cultural ... and you might like to note that most of the european cultures are also being preyed upon when defenseless .
they depend on the police now and have really no other means of protection until somebody with a uniform does n't arrive in time .
though , too , if " less " guns are the answer why is it that we did n't have this problem decades ago , when automatic weapons were still legal ?
clearly something has changed culturally for us , and for our world .
easy answers are probably not going to solve this , and i 'm not in favor of limiting rights to promote one particular nanny state narrative of social safety as removing all the sharp objects from the drawer .
actually i favor a stronger enforcement of personal liberty as safety for the " free state " mentioned in the constitutional amendment .
it 's funny i had a discussion with an australian about this online and he insisted that the " king " was going to protect you and that 's all he needed .
that 's not one of our options .
< user > < user > hi i hate asians
she had never had the pleasure of being fucked by a vanilla boy and the very thought of a white cock in her cunt makes her cum more than ever .
oh , sexy sweet erika , do n't worry ! ! !
url
scheer must be doing and saying something right to the annoyance of the chinese .
you only cry foul when you have something to lose , the chinese are not stupid .
the western world seems to be naive , very naive and our children will pay the price in joblessness ,   poverty and government debt . !
evil should be confronted , not ignored .
that means calling these latter - day nazis out , countering their repugnant rhetoric at every chance , and keeping them far from actual political influence .
that also means dumping trump and the many republicans and christians that encourage them by failing to point out what america should stand for .
i am sure there are plenty smart people that will work for trump .
the elitists need to exit the room and let real people run our government .
@metroflora homosexuals let me hear you make some noise !
dejain :   well stated ..... if only everyone had the same interpersonal values ... regards , gary crum
china needs to put the smack down on north korea or face being surrounded by a missile defense system .
it 's as simple as that , only china is in a position to effectively change the security situation on the korean peninsula .
there does n't appear to be any " good "   options left for them , reign in kim jong idiot or face overwhelming odds should war break out .
now is the time for trump to " make a deal " with the chinese .
ordered a copy the other day , can not wait to settle down for a good read in front of the fire here .
my gpa passing in dec has forced me to be a stronger person , was successful until last week when i lost t. today i … https://t.co/hp7wdlpcsb
i 'm going to go out on a limb and posit that more heterosexual men have made more women cum than gay men have made women cum .
i finally have reached the point of speaking out about your nonsensical posts .
i have seen enough !
i 've been doing objective research for 25 years , and what i 've found is that a relatively small cabal of self - interested meteorologists whose livelihoods depend on government jobs and/or research grants have contrived a theory based on a relatively small 200 year snapshot of the earth 's 4.6 billion year history that presumes capitalist - fed industrialization is the primary cause of what was formerly called " global warming " and is now called " climate change " ( because it has n't warmed significantly for 20 years ) , in order to get grant money .
there is no scientific evidence whatsoever that shows increases in co2 to be a significant cause of global warming .
history , going back 4.6 billion years , shows wide swings of both temperature and co2 concentrations , with temperature always rising before the co2 level rises .
the climate always changes , and not because of co2 .
the ipcc is a political organization , not a scientific one .
< user > fine whatever fuck you too then
why is chinese the best race ?
they can do everything with their eyes closed .
@foxandfriends @foxnewsinsider they should n't be any sanctuary cities at all i would n't give you funding either for hiding illegals
marianne , how does schurtz 's comments give comfort to minorities that the lawyers she is educating will be none racist or biased ?
if she is confused about this history , what is she teaching students ?
too bad that white folks resent the fact that us " others " do n't trust their motives .
we have 200 years of history to review .
i can not believe cosby raped the reo speedwagon guy
god has really blessed me with patience . & #
128524 ; i know so many people that would fold if they did half the shit i do . #
frfr
your own african women would rather fuck asians than catch your stds that s why blacks are now mostly gay thugs fucking each other and have the highest rate of aids the world has ever seen you suck ya barber dick for shape ups half off
today i heard my boss say " motherfucker , bitch " like it was so funny bc she has an asian accent
looks a little trumped up .
sounds like the charges mean that that us citizens are obligated to report any overseas funds they hold that are worth more than $ 10,000 .
so no swiss bank accounts ?
sounds a bit oppressive .. also hard to imagine that hillary does n't have a few dollars tucked away somewhere .
same with obama
if the cf-18s had n't been pulled out , they 'd still be there ineffectively bombing piles of sand while eating up the defense department 's budget .
the u.s. is rightly still there with no apparent exit strategy because the mess that is iraq and syria is largely as a result of their doing .
annie 's and " gayfordham 's " comment will survive , but my comment that it 's these sorts of comments of theirs that degrade civiliity at ncr will be deleted .
< user > omg who can i know haha yes you are right and omg wow usa that s so cool not many asians are there right haha
really ?
as is usual , libs ca n't stand on the facts so they make personal attacks .
disgusting ! ! !
it is your judgement and the state congressional members who are clouded by anger .
you are all putting democrat ideology above the state   and country .
poor losers are a great example to your kids and the rest of the world .
for your information hawaii suffers even if there is a slight drop in the number of tourists .
if you can remember september 11th , and the aftermath layoffs in the tourist iondustry and the lack of revenue from tourists really hurt hawaii .
tourism is the # 1 industry in hawaii .
there are going to be more trump supporters not coming here than tourist from syria and iran .
and rich asians wo n't make up the difference .
rich asians and others just buy the expensive kakaako real estate that s drive up the cost of living , which you wo n't be able to afford with out tourists .
do n't cut off your nose to spite your face .
and personal attacks   just show ignorance .
i 'm sure they were n't , but that 's beside the point .
each is entitled to a fair trial , not execution on the spot .
( unless they threaten someone with guns . )
when life is crumbling you can reply on white men to tell you how much they hate your dyed hair and choice in music bro i do nt even like you next
how about you suck my ass ?
fag
what 's the most popular band in japan ?
fall out boy
" she 's just stopping by one quick drink " " hello , goodbye " " the one who got away did n't even try to make her stay "
probably a mail order bride or a plant from the cpc .
canadians voted for the libs because they wanna smoke pot .
they got a whole lot more than just pot .
soon they will be begging on the streets as china buys up all our businesses and real estate and make us all bow down to the chinese communist masters .
trudeau must be stopped before it is too late .
how can you blame blacks when majority of the state is white why do not you throw the blame on white republicans that decided to stay home with their conscious
go shoot up a school 💪
happy pride month here 's an important message from these gays url
rt astarswomens bbm as achievement ariana grande
america is now a war zone .
thank god for brace soldiers like this one .
i 'll give you $ 5 a pound for every pound you lose .
< user > it not fanboys it a fact you fucking retard
diversity > love   for * * a lot * * of people these days - as long as they are the ones not missing out on love .
plutonium is so ass it just a bunch of retards killing last < number > seconds into the game
what .. what ?
but you are entitled to benefits because you paid for them with the fica taxes you paid .
so the ss old age pension benefit is an " entitlement " .
what better word describes it ?
what do you want to call your benefits ?
women need to support each other if there is to be any woman president in the future .
gappy and yasuho said : trans rights are human rights
another candidate for the pc 's to be relegated to the dustbin of ontario history .
most people in ontario have moved on from the regressive social attitudes of the nineteenth century and recognize the need for children to be given the tools to protect themselves , and for adults to be allowed to bear and raise children .
if no one else is gon na say it i will little violence gt tantrum
yeah , most of it was fake or skewed .
that 's not true and kim is full of it too .
i 've met plenty of islanders who are friendly , god fearing and honest .
i went to college with a few of them .
to this day those ladies are still working and honest pillars of the community .
so do n't try to drop the entire demographic into one bucket .
there 's scum ppl from every culture living in alaska ; white , black , asian , islander , native etc 

 a lot of people come to alaska to run from something else , some are born here .
but the truth is whether implants or homegrown we have plenty of scummy people from all cultures in this town .
whites take the cake in pedo computer crimes , blacks have shooting / violence , natives have rape , islanders have assaults , asians like to dabble in every thing including gangs .
ty korean mafia .
so stop acting like this is a 1 culture issue .
it 's a garbage people issue .
too many trashy people live here and breed .
what did the chinese man say when someone asked him if he got st. patrick 's day off ?
irish .
* i hate fucking minorities
< user > < user > autistic faggot
where do you get this stuff ?
i mean really , please enlighten me i want to check it out myself .
one caveat : ca n’t be a samdizat source ...
all you bitches can suck my dick fr .
no funny
i am here for miss lyonne telling the world women do n't need to have children to have a purpose in life ! ! ! ! !
hey normies , if you are not sure whether a girl likes you , she does n't 
 i m sorry , but its true .
what 's the difference between black and white ?
kfc < allcaps > and chick - fil - a
nope it will become the prime directive of the aclu .
they are staffing up in alaska .
just now learning about the ghomeshi trial in class and now i 'm fucking furious
i can not believe you think it ’s ok for a woman to put her husband and family in financial strain you are not making any sense .
lol you are unbelievable . [ ... ]
that makes her a terrible person
and fuck ur waifu right in fron of you .
joaquin phoenix performance in joker is what marvel fan think robert downey jr performance in endgame was
and i 'm sure that the municipality of anchorage will take into account the lower appraised values in determining property taxes to be levied on property owners ... right ?
so when do we put a bag over trudeau 's head for destroying white culture in canada with muslim and chinese immigration ? ?
& gt;tfw 19 years old soon 
 feels bad
one of the stupidest things a plug can do is skimp a nigga that knows where he lives i m a knock you off every time
i eat child specifically gay child because i hate gay people
they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 

 # roymoore # alfranken
disclaimer : none of these things i 'm about to tell you are 100 % accurate .
just * mostly * accurate .
there are always exceptions .
i do n't agree .
white people commit crimes just like black , samoan , asian , etc .
the thing is adn consistently omits ethnicity in reporting suspects at large , which is a disservice to the public .
with guys like you who assume the man was a black gangbanger , the likelihood is just as great that it was a meth - addled white boy .
a sad commentary on your bias .
what i am asking for is adn to tell the whole story .
88gibson lespaul < - only 1.8 % are lgbt .
abnormal is a numbers word - not president trumps fault .
the 98.2 % straights just are n't into u.   your estrangement ca n't be fixed .
these people are fucking filth .
james 

 " no need for such obscure calculations " ? ?
so , just to recap so far ....... you claim : 

 1 .
that no proof is necessary to support personal opinions expressed on a healthcare issue 

 2 .
no calculations are necessary to determine the safe amount of substances ingested .
wow ....... keep it coming , james .
your vivid examples do a far better job of exhibiting   the inanity of the antifluoridationist arguments than i could ever hope to describe .
steven d. slott , dds 
 communications officer 
 american fluoridation society
* at the end of the song * \ that how racism ended
i cried , for the first time , today ...
typical weeaboo pretend - i - am - jap faggot thinking that anything that comes out of his shithole of a mouth means anything .
cucks like this deserve to be gassed for their faggotry .
sadly , you 're right .
i 've always said that trump is such a great negotiator , if putin and trump ever were alone and cut a deal , trump will walk out with only his undershorts on , russia will get alaska back , and russia will fulfill its long - desired dream of having a warm - water port -- at pearl harbor in hawaii .
" do n't open your door " ice is n't the police they 'll get you one way or another
pat lynch should sit his ass down .
he had nothing to say when cops were caught on camera killing unarmed black males .
fucking hypocrite .
url
to this date , none of dr. martin l king 's children have had children of their own .
go ask your rabbis leo !
who knows why you zionists do the things you do .
says the white man .
why did chinese warriors die so easily in battle ?
no matter how many protective garments they wear , there 's still a chink in the armor .
go shoot up a school 💪
hearing cynthia lee fontaine 's story on @rupaulsdragrace was inspiring # kickingcancerinthecucu # dragrace
fucking clowns the modern clown evolved from blackface and minstrel shows where they d put on blackface and act like a dumb nigger and sing racist songs and make racist jokes the only difference clowns got is they paint the face white and made the hair brightly colored
what 's the difference between jamaica and japan ?
one has joint families other has nuclear .
looks like the china shills are monitoring closely .
here 's a comment rejected due to lack of civility : 

 one thing for sure : president orangutan certainly does know how to get attention .
i doubt the chinese will be snubbing trump if he ever flies to beijing , as they did with obama with their little airport tarmac stunt .
the chinese have had it all their way for 2 decades : their impressive economic miracle coming on the backs of stolen western technology and their endless pool of serf labor .
but the gravy train has almost reached the end of the line .
this will be no picnic for the americans , that is certain .
but the chinese dictator knows now at least that the game has been joined 


 must be worrisome to you little shills , you 're in censor overdrive
that 's something else i 'd like to see changed - a law requiring crown corps to run on a break even basis , after putting some aside for rainy days , and no " dividends " to government .
fart at a chinese restaurant ?
blame it on the dog
that s not an argument the imbalance we see with american boys shying away from useful college degrees is going to lead us to import more and more asians that have the skills to fill the labor market demand
< number > week ban wot game chat ban for saying i want to throw your mother in an oven shitskin
eid mubarak to all the muslim armys celebrating , myself included !
wishing you all a blessed day !
💜 🌙
rachel , thanks for the link .
it is as you say , marketing which makes private seem more desirable .
even more interesting are the comments ; lot of irrelevant personal experiences .
i wish more parents realized how much of a child 's success depends on motivation and involvement of the parent(s ) .
many ' charter schools ' require parent participation , which is sometimes eye - opening for them .
freeland made the comments not trudeau 

 try reading the article next time
< user > < user > < user > they are all over the place so you will walk past one on the way to your connecting gate over the years the actual target agency has changed but it always one of the orgs that helps refugee kids or other at risk children
so here something i have had a hunch about so i have yet to really look into in their plan after white have been all but extinct seeing as they d be the last civilized group left they d go after the asians next
there are no taxes to increase , they ought all to be cut , then on the basis of the money government has , decide to fund on the basis of their priorities .
if the economy is booming because of all the tax money government is taking from me and giving to other people with the canada child benefit , just think how the economy would boom if i got to keep my own money and spend it myself ?
i wish i was born as a simple field mouse and not this terribly medicated erratic all consuming homosexual trapped in a capitalist society
the markets are tanking as are the asian markets and the peso and most likely , european markets when they open .
trumpters , do n't count your p***ies , until they put out .
the confederacy made it crystal clear that they rejected that ideal entirely .
acceptable ?
overwhelming majority of crimeans want to be a part of ukraine about as much as   overwhelming majority of canadians want to be a part of united states .
the case is closed , let 's move on .
the wicked man earns deceptive wages , but he who sows righteousness reaps a sure reward .
-proverbs 11:18 m.c.a mavuria stephen
your attack on " white " men is wrong here .
ben finney was just such a man and he was the one who was responsible for starting the whole effort .
without him , this never would have never happened .
i have no intent on linking to the articles where he stated he was backing out .
they were an attempt to save face , not an apology .
people expecting live on government feed social housing and welfare have to awake : our country is not a communist and you have to earn your living by your own hand .
government intervention on the housing market will do nothing but burn down the whole economy .
market works out on   its own way and you need the gut to invest in the housing market .
you confused my hate for muslim jihadis and islam for my hate for peaceful ' muslims ' .
according to this story , the two swedes were outnumbered , and the video only showed the final few seconds .
since all the juvenile records are secret and then sealed , recidivism rates will be impossible to verify .
the ' results ' will depend upon who tabulates and reports the data and what they are attempting to prove .
< user > < user > but why a hindu name aren ’ t muslims names normal to be used in a movie
reminder that every poster on this sub must have a bad personality 
 because that 's completely logical right normans
rangermc ,   you do nt even make sense anymore .
when will you thumpers realize that lgbtq 's ,   blacks , muslims , mexicans , asians , the poor , the homeless , aliens , extraterrestrial and earth bound , all have the same , inalienable rights as you , white , christian males do ( in a just world of course ) , the right of personal choice .
no one says a straight guy ca nt marry a straight woman .
we just do nt care because it is none of our business .
its not about your beliefs or your ideology , its about equality and a persons right to choose .
your comment on transgenders in elementary school bathrooms is just too stupid to deserve an answer .
ctnd ... 

 and there is a huge asian pop music industry , based on " appropriations " of western music adapted to asian tastes .
most westerners find them bland and silly ... but that is what most local tastes prefer , for now , anyway .
its almost like dysphoria is not the only reason this happens .
maybe the constant harassment and violence from people with similar beliefs to your own might have a little something to do with it ?
you fucking peon .
what ’s the worst part about dating a japanese girl ?
the rope around your neck , you fucking race traitor .
as a tax preparer , i 've seen yet another often overlooked error .
an employee starts to receive cpp and elects to stop making cpp contributions ( age appropriate ) , but continues to work with the same employer .
the employer will often continue to make cpp deductions ....    when they finally ( in this case after three years ) stop deducting , they will continue to put the cpp pensionable earnings in box 26 on the t4 slip at the full amount , instead of zero .
( makes it also tough to complete schedule 8 , and the employer must then cancel the original t4 slip and submit a new one with zero in box 26 . )
fuck i want seafood .
like bad .
maine lobster and crab legs ugh .
spiderland also hitting different in the fall
@majorgauravarya my warning to al jawahari- the indians are ready with their arms and ammunition and thirsty for arab blood ... come soon and get yourself hunted down .
i hardly think so .
kag gets a bit hypenrbolic at times , and we do n't always agree , but i do n't find her hate - filled at all .
i think your equation of the two is off track by miles .
notice that none of them are doing the real work , though .
and if one them were put in a critical role , it 's curie - hultgreen syndrome all over again .
bungee jumping £ 25 per person .
muslims , niggers and gooks free !
no strings attached .
you alien , lookin fucka broke n failing in life , i bet you just got done , railing in coke , n beatin off twice , advice , do nt look like e.t , maybe someday you might find a wife , or a woman other than mom to call you sweetie lol .... believe me ... ai nt no deceivin , i m teasin , but just to be pleasin my , sick thoughts , prick got , a sense a humor with reason , now too the rules this may be treason , mods do nt be cruel i m on my knees man , do nt ban me , goddamn g , slam me with somethin that 's fuckin decent ! ! ! ! !
lmao
what do you call a half vietnamese and half black guy ?
a vinegar
in other climate change news : 
 noaa is preparing to conduct an outside investigation following allegations by dr. john bates , a whistleblower , of data tampering to promote the global warming campaign .
a noaa spokesman said , “ in the interest of maintaining the highest standards of transparency , accountability , and scientific integrity , we are in the process of engaging independent outside parties to review this matter . ”
" bates said former noaa scientist tom karl and his colleagues manipulated scientific guidelines and methodologies to rush out a 2015 study before it had gone through proper data quality checks in order to support president barack obama ’s agenda and influence united nations delegates meeting in paris later that year . "
" bates also accused karl of keeping his ' thumb on the scale ' to ' maximize warming and minimize documentation , ' and suggested the study ’s authors had made decisions to get a predetermined outcome . "
i 'd say yes , because when the whites took over again they killed all the yellows and their offspring and started off right again .
< user > sorry islam law lied everything
my wife showed me a kibble 's - n - bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as ` ` normal . ''
u and ur fishhead are trash u married a zipperhead
nigga shut u ugly ass the fuck up
@fuck_u_im_shy i 'm saying it 's very exclusive when the point of the flag is to be more inclusive .
i know american gays seem to think they 're the center of the universe but the rest of the world exists .
( cont'd . )
in another case , the notice was properly posted , and , absent a response , the tenant was evicted .
what had happened though , was that the tenant had been in a serious accident and in the hospital for an extended period .
he had no idea that the eviction was occurring .
he exited the hospital to discover his every possession gone , and that had no home .
as a property manager , i always try to contact a family member or friend ( if possible ) when i do n't get a response to a 3 - day , because people almost always are quick to respond to those , most often in feigned amazement .
general kelly is running the wh show now .
did anyone really expect a swamp dweller of species " micus corruptus " to veto an anti - russia / iran / nk bill ?
did anyone else find the timing of seymour hersh 's audio confirming that seth rich was the source of the wikileaks dnc emails and that russiagate was entirely a john brennan fabrication a bit odd ?
his fbi sources decided to leak this right after the sanctions bill was passed by congress , obviously they knew long before .
very curious timing in that the russiagate " fabrication " goes away for trump , but the sanctions that it caused remain .
chalk up another victory for deep state .
go smoke some more ganja you screaming aborigine dik .
you look like you should be running across the outback chasing kangaroos .
whoever gets me a iced caramel macchiato from starbucks and balloons for my bday will be real as fuck
could be interesting , chelsea having a quick shave before maiden speech .
not having a car is so ghetto
< user > ew you kpoop ching chong stan 😷 😷 😷 and biackp nk ew yikes disgustang
game was rigged from the start goy wake up .
americans genocided europeans in both world wars .
more than any other race in the history of the world .
all part of the plan .
enjoy your brown and black invaders .
america died in the early 1900s .
your just propping up a dead corpse .
return to your roots white man .
or die and be forgotten .
who do you think work in a global headquarters of the company responsible for 25 % of all commercial transactions in the united states , and ~20 % of all internet traffic ?
hint :   it 's computer / software engineers , marketing bigwigs , and upper management .
why do you think any warehouse jobs would be involved with this campus ?
i spent all the show screaming at benji and the bitch kept ignoring me but at the end he finally looked at me bc i shouted no really loud
if you take advantage of a woman 's love ... you actually deserve to burn in hell .
why do n't you see many taiwanese lesbians ?
they get confused with what type of pussy they eat .
they made a bottle flip game app ? ! ?
this is preposterous . ......
but imma download it and see if it 's fun anyways .
some people seeing something unusual feel so shocked that they want to kill and destroy it immediately it retarded as all fundamentalism is
< user > cause he is a fucking joke
most whites adapt pretty easy to being a minority as long as the new majority are not violent idiots like blacks whites flee becoming a minority to blacks but they just accept becoming minorities to asians and hispanics
yeah , there 's this chinese girl in my dorm .
she said her name 's sarah - i do n't know what her real name is , though .
high five on that !
i totally lose my mind around attractive women .
i 'm in a relationship with a man , and i love him , but i 'm bi , so i get to do this whole awkward thing with multiple genders .
noir is so good you gays
if @realdonaldtrump takes the # syria bait the majority of his support is going to turn against him .
i assume he is aware of this .
no wonder she 's a lesbian
stay strong taiwan !
shoot down those chinese pieces of shit , if they dare to invade .
china makes up all kinds of bull shit claims .
i personally boycott anything chinese made here in the u.s.
what does anime tell us about japan ?
two nukes were n't enough .
hey h__le , the japanese driver , takuma sato ex - formula 1 driver , won the indy 500 ! ! !
the racist sportswriter in denver said he was uncomfortable with he winner being japanese .
c'monnnn man , i thought haoles were supposed to be smart ? ? ? ? ?
well i know of no young chinese boys or girls who were raped and abused by christian missionaries in china but i do know that christian clergy did rape and abuse young first nations ' boys and girls in residential schools .
there was no legacy of lateral violence or children steeped in toxic stress in china as there is now in first nations communities .
comes back < number > minutes later with some black metal bullshit lyrics try to and prop up a shitty meme made by a gook fucker as a last stand damn i really did piss you off serously though just read mason book
watched one horror movie and now i 'm fucking quivering in my boots
you failed to mention that polygamy is also a part of islam .
ice cream is discriminatory because it is not inclusive to diabetics and those with a lactose intolerance .
and most ice cream is white .
coincidence ?
i think not # patriarchy # icecreamisawhitesupremacy
i do n't think so you phony .
stick to the facts .
that congress race was a special election for about 4 - 5 months .
caldwell has been throwing fundraisers for four years .
count them , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ... starting with his illegal and unethical luau where he has been found guilty of violations .
this is racism not only from white people but you can see hispanic and asain in the crowd .
what if he sends all back .. creepy
david eastman is a persona non grata in juneau .
even other politicians who may want to support him , will not .
i think his district should have a recall campaign and replace him with a republican who is not related to joe miller .
another reason it might say so in the census is because whites like me refused to fill out the census , to deliberately help skew it towards whinorities .
daily < number > women are raped in nepal everyday the same land were women are worshipped as goddess 😢 😑 peace
he was a nigerian immigrant allie .
nice try but you fail again .
i only feel immense sorrow for the poor keiki you brainwash in your public school classroom with libtard propaganda .
we can work together and look after each other which blacks ca nt .
we can think as individuals and do things because they are right and not because we are told to , which asians ca nt .
somebody should do a reverse catfish 
 incel goes on tinder and tries to match with any girl , if the incel ever happens to match , send chad over to meet up with her and record the reaction .
copying my same comment from another thread : yes this is pr move and we absolutely need this .
we are so backward compare to rest of the world in treating lgbtq people .
this is needed to spread awareness .
i 'm atheist but my family is christian
a chinaman goes to see the eye doctor .
< repeat > after the exam the doctor says , " i know why you 're having trouble .
you have a cataract . "
the chinaman says : " no !
i drive a rincorn continentar . "
what the heck is going on with the fbi investigation into las vegas they must be trying to get the russians to write another dossier on how the guy was a neo nazi or something
eat a dick faggot
there 's a fog advisory in effect and visibility is very limited in some areas .
drive with caution . #
ymm # abroads
wait so what did white people think about arabs before < number > < number > like were we just regular sand monkeys before being terrorist sand monkeys or
my boss is so fucking picky i want to slap him with this sheet of paper
you next on the list you and your people eating our dogs and cats .
you are an asian living in america you will never be an american .
americans are so fucking weird , only in america would this happen
bitches stay loyal if they want to
whatever it is , it should not be classified as brave .
impregnates multiple women through multiple marriages .
comes out , hero courageous .
there is nothing courageous about living a 60 year lie and then getting some tits stapled on your body and demanding everyone else to laud you and other mentally ill people .
your a bit harsh on the future scholars of alaskans finest .... ! ! !
hahaha sarcasm off
all media is inherently biased , but calling the adn of the past " conservative " is my first laugh of the morning .
go kick some dirty chinese ass ...
or lets do and eradicate the japanese once and for all .
this is a temporary solution .
the real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
i commend you for writing this ... your affection for your hometown is obvious .
i 'll take " optimism " over " cynicism " any day , but it 's a tough road ahead for places / outposts like thunder bay ...
< user > bring your chess boards out china no more ghetto checkers
how do you know where the local chinese restaurant is ?
you look for the area without any stray cats or dogs .
i would repatriate all mongoloid negroids if i had the power at this very moment giving each negroid and mongoloid as many jews as they wanted as slaves as an incentive to leave until all of them were gone
all of these groups who are not genetically dominant , who they call blak , are all illegally here on this planet .
if they are non blak , they are invaders and destroyers , they are the vermin of the scum ! !
all non blak people ...
so far as i have seen , it has n't .
kabbalah zohar comes from people who rejected jesus as the messiah .
looks like the china shills are monitoring closely .
here 's a comment rejected due to lack of civility : 

 one thing for sure : president orangutan certainly does know how to get attention .
i doubt the chinese will be snubbing trump if he ever flies to beijing , as they did with obama with their little airport tarmac stunt .
the chinese have had it all their way for 2 decades : their impressive economic miracle coming on the backs of stolen western technology and their endless pool of serf labor .
but the gravy train has almost reached the end of the line .
this will be no picnic for the americans , that is certain .
but the chinese dictator knows now at least that the game has been joined 


 must be worrisome to you little shills , you 're in censor overdrive
rt this if you would fuck my virgin ass so rough that i would be unable to walk .
i want it and need it so rough . #
cumslut # slut # slutty # whore # horny # anal # virgin # roughsex # cum # lgbtqoftwitter # lgbtqglowup # lgbt # lgbtq url
maraudingmidget , 
 aussie universities are literally full of students with asian and indian backgrounds and the hard sciences are full to the brim with indian and asian kids .
i wonder if our ' stupid beyond measure professor ' would like to take a guess as to the ethnic mix of our mathematics classes at university .
... whether measured by naplan results , entry to selective schools or year 12 study scores , the reality is that students from asian and indian backgrounds , often with migrant parents unable to speak english , achieve the strongest results ... results in victoria are mirrored in nsw where asian and indian students are the top performers in subjects like maths extension 2 , chemistry and english extension 1 .
so all the indian and chinese kids are running flat out to study a racist subject at which they excel ! ! ! ! !
never date the japanese when i broke up with one , i had to drop the bomb twice before she got the message
well done to our @esaf_academy u19 team on a great home win against colchester gladiators today !
great work boys # spartans # littlebros
breakups are the worst in china you see her face everywhere
are you that dumb ?
isis gone !
nice try arab boy !
سید فھیم حسین موسوی
got these hoes lurkin got these niggahs talkin
gee , they want to work but no one will buy their fish , cheechako .
fishing is very hard work you could never do .
your urban attitude shows that .
plus , can you eat gas for boats to hunt ?
can you eat bullets ?
can you buy game and berries at the store ?
the answer is no , genius .
to put it bluntly , the war on christmas has been led by jewish organizations , financed by jewish financiers , fought in the courts by jewish lawyers , and lobbied in government , by jewish influence .
underlying the whole campaign is the jewish owned media .
extremist jews who make up less than three percent of the population have prevailed over the wishes of 90 percent of the american people .
i could and would be glad to list literally 100 's of examples to back up what i said or i could start listing them until you are n't able to deny the truth of it .
the jews have been at war with christianity for 3,000 years .
they have been fighting against christmas and public displays of the cross and nativity scenes for 200 years .
this is n't a matter of opinion it 's a matter of fact .
take for example the 25 year battle over the mt. soledad cross ... complete with 2 trips to the us supreme court ... who were the plaintiffs ? :
jewish war veterans ; more ?
muslim men looking for which of their made up hadiths to pull out in order to disarm educated muslim woman that they think is threatening their agenda url
back in the day , women could not vote , there were hangings downtown , wives and children were beat , kids got corporal punishment , higher education was grade eight and families were large as a form of free labor .
all i am saying is , things were different .
so to the first nations people , do n't forget most everyone was treated like an sob ... unless you were rich .
ricky i very much wish this could be a possibility in the us however the data since the < number > until today proves that blacks jews mestizos and asians vote overwhelmingly for democrats non whites vote overwhelmingly for less freedom bigger govt and more gibs me dat please explain
holy shit another chink at virginia tech was planning a possible mass shooting wtf is up with the asians at virginia tech
kevin owens yelled at chris jericho you were never my best friend and then called him trash !
deeeep ! !
feeels ! ! !
i think it a conspiracy i think they are truly engaging in a slow modern holocaust globally in white people sknce < number > but instead of five years of hitler the reverse is a < number > plus year systematic invasion harassment and redistribution
that is what legal immigration is for .
they are cheating the system , the people who are going through the proper channels to become citizens and the american taxpayers that have had to support this for way too long .
americans also deserve a better life too .
they pay taxes and deserve to be able to have good medical care , food and housing and help when needed .
their children deserve to be in classes with a reasonable numbers of children ( not 40 + , complete with spanish language aides ) and enough books and supplies .
the u.s. spends billions of dollars every year on people who have no legal right to be there .
it is interesting how different countries have their dogs make different sounds .
an american dog goes woof , a czech dog goes haf , a dutch dog goes blaf and a chinese dog goes sizzle .
people still practice slavery jj , now like then it is not skin color that was the driving factor , it was the ability to get away with it .
currently many white and asian women are trafficked for slavery .
and " black " humans is inaccurate .
it 's some black people .
as many were never slaves and even some blacks owned slaves .
i can kill yourself just blew out
" you know what 's prob greater than winning tonight 's game ? ? ? ?
north carolina avoids the almighty " " crying jordan meme face " " "
so when do we put a bag over trudeau 's head for destroying white culture in canada with muslim and chinese immigration ? ?
now this crap .
hey indians ! !
1 

 if you worked more , like the rest of us , instead of sucking at the taxpayers teat every day - you would n't have time to fuss over who kicked your asses
“ you have your way .
i have my way .
as for the right way , the correct way , and the only way , it does not exist . ”
twilight of the idols ( 1888 )
" @zachsanderson do n't forget his " " generosity " " to a program he gutted by millions more than this amount . "
so you worked hard and therefore deserve to be able to pay your children for work that they have n't done in order to get your tax burden down ?
did you think about how massively subsidized your education was ?
did you realize that most of the government pensions are not fully funded ?
do you realize that most government jobs are poor paying relatively ?
and the chinese are playing little potato for a fool .
if you 're a minority , women are incapable of loving you 
 she 'll always crave a white chad , always , minority men , sometimes life just ain t worth it , fam
< user > porch monkey
shit they should all just come to the us then get tf off their land
< user > < user > < user > < user > please do not refer to us asians as ching chong just because you disagree with a kpop stan it makes you just as trash as them
honestly , come out to those who you feel comfortable with .
if you feel comfortable coming out to your friends & parents , do it !
if not , do n't feel like you have to .
good luck !
let 's make a deal ... 5 corrupt chinese officials living in the sanctuary city of vancouver for mr. chang .
jewtube is pushing the royal wedding so hard i do nt give a rats behinders if some royal prince wants to muddy his bloodline england is fuct up with paki rape gangs but forget about that there s a royal wedding high pitched girl squeels puke
" i 'm so good at saying to myself " " everyone else feels this way so it 's nbd " " even when it rly affects me "
dead voters illegal immigrant voters felon voters they do not vote for republicans do they hehehehehe auditthevote
when queers persecute u and ir children u might return to god law aka theonomy
the only genocide here is the destruction of white culture by immigration and media brainwashing about indians .
the destruction of white canada will be done in less than a decade at this rate .
i guess i 'll   join the indians in bitching about everything and demand cheques from the muslims and chinese millions who 've taken over and " settled " where i used to live .
the cheques will just roll in 
 the ripoff the taxpayers face very day who pay for your every desire .
vox is that you or is this how you let your slut talk this person is a mother and you are worried about losing your kids over what someone else called you … not what she might say shame
anyone else starting to think trudeau v1.0 was a stoner too ?
disappointing if true .
deport 'em all , and build the wall .
even so , come , lord jesus !
well , i am in the game - both holder and lynch were some of the worst racist ag our nation has ever known .
lynch is nothing but pet slave of al sharpton and his brood of black racists .
how bad can jeff session truly be ?
funny thing about racism today compared to racism of 1960s and prior is that racism is not longer the monopoly of the white folks .
i should know since i am not white guy myself .
racism now comes from every color of every ethnic groups .
blacks are just as racist as white , so are the hispanics or even asian americans or natives .
nowadays , anyone can call anyone ... "a racist " and due to that , it has become almost worthless descriptive word .
if mr. putski called me a " racist " , and i do the same and we will be down to a level of couple of children calling each other names and resolving nothing .
i think there should be ban on the word " racist " because it really means nothing in this day and age .
but i doubt if that will happen since its a favorite attack word of an misanthrope .
i do not know why you want mexicans out but to me it has nothing to do with crime i want asians out too and they do less crime than whites this is simply a matter of having a homeland
do n't you mean the grate , kelleyanne conway ?
" dozens " oh shit .
dozens of agents are going to stem the tide of thousands of illegals .
my mom : that girl in the car is so pretty , her eyes are so beautiful ... talking about hannah&#129303 ; @ciatto_hannah
# badlyexplainyourjob i prevent parents from seeing their children by locking them in old buildings until they 're 18 ...
all she had to do was call for canadians to   “ condemn all forms of systemic racism and religious discrimination ” and no one would have said a word .
if muslims are n't being singled out for special treatment , then why is islamophobia specifically identified ?
why do n't jews or blacks or asians or nordic people with blue eyes and blonde hair get the same consideration ?
and that 's the whole point - khalid is completely and utterly full of crap .
it not so much about the torah which is pretty innocuous and ignored by many jews despite what is said it really about that forbidden book the talmud or babylonian talmud which as goyim cattle we are not permitted to even read good luck with your research
seriously , why get all self righteous about your so called " rights " to use the streets at night ?
it 's not like your tax dollars paid for them or anything .
the government built those roads .
it 's called socialism .
the government needs to issue a curfew so people know when it is ok to use their roads .
ya ya ... we will do tyaag , sikhs will kill themselves so that jihadis like you flourish !
< user > < user > < user > an illegal alien is just that nyc has gone brain dead and it should be challenged in court in california the politicians are just as bad but they can not shut down my first amendment rights
they 're more than welcome to take their brain dead asses back to their shithole country .
i am not on a team .
i call them like i see them .
i think it is normal and healthy to be female and abnormal and unhealthy to indulge in the peccatum non nominandum .
i think neo - nazis should be condemned and hamas also .
i think the virgin birth is nonsense and yoga is too .
i think black lives matter and cops ' lives matter too .
i like isaac watts and ca n't stand marty haugan , but i ca n't stay awake long when men in lace are groaning gregorian chant at each other .
i voted for mitt romney and hillary clinton .
nothing is as stupid as a mob .
anybody who forms his convictions by consulting his political party is doomed to become a blithering nincompoop .
i did n't realize we were offending you by pointing out how often asians and jews get surgery to look more white .
police beat feb .
14 _ police beat _ observer - reporter fire ruled accidental : a state police fire marshal ruled that a feb. francesca ...
you 're on the field for too long , you get burnt .
simple as that .
but the broncos defense number is still pretty darn good , despite the two consecutive loses .
i 'm not sure what number you 're looking at .
well i am against races too if that makes you feel any better i definitely think blacks and asians should be in their own nations too
blame india since they shit in the streets lol degenerates
sweden has gone to hell and the reason to blame is on themselves , muslims and migrants .
url
@foxandfriends @foxnewsinsider they should n't be any sanctuary cities at all i would n't give you funding either for hiding illegals
if you hate someone for being chinese , are you ... chink - shaming ?
how is it racist ?
he never said black inmates or asian inmates .
i 've heard that expression used throughout my life and never did i ever assume there was any racial tilt to that saying .
perhaps you 're the racist because in your mind the word inmate automatically makes you think an inmate is other than white ?
i believe that you are correct that a separate payment went to the lawyers .
unfortunately , i ca n't find the link , but i recall reading that amounts were given to khadr   and his lawyers .
woman gave birth inside a walmart bathroom and dumped the infant in the trash , police say ( redditor finds it is her second crime against children )
what are your or your people 's views on eastern religions like hinduism and buddhism ?
@romanianrosieee hahahaha omg i know who this is about i nearly choked when she told me that before fucking gas
he asked for help .
barack hussein asked for forgiveness .
that says it all .
i date women like i like my eggs in the morning .
< repeat > whites only
this is a really good article .
it did n't sound like a typical cnn piece , so i re - checked : > editor 's note : clay cane is a sirius xm radio host and the author of " live through this : surviving the intersections of sexuality , god , and race . "
follow him on twitter @claycane .
the opinions expressed in this commentary are his .
view more opinion articles on cnn .
have n't heard of this guy before but kudos .
aye , well in that case cheers for making me clarify my reasoning a bit further .
to be more clear , i consider sexual orientation and therefor the sex of your romantic partners to be completely trivial matters in the eyes of ( a normal ) society , meaning that we should accept is as is and not make a fuss about it .
to be even more clear , that 's in the eyes of a society , for an individual that is of course a big deal in life .. what matters is that there is love and that the people are good and kind , with whom matters not .
my husband and i are an inter - ethnic couple but he cemented my asian pride overall as well and being with him has made me more resilient .
we 've had many obstacles in our relationship ; from maintaining a ldr after graduating college , completing mandatory service , and now jumping through hurdles for his immigration .
as a result , i had no patience for my so - called friends who cried about their " unique " wmaf relationship merely being judged .
" rt @yashar : .@geraldorivera @ericbolling 5 .
idiot @ericbolling : " " investigations happen at the " " fbi , cia and the nsa " " - no , nsa … "
it depends on the model .
if you go with the middle - man only approach , you do n't need much administration .
i.e. , get the provinces and drug plans to buy these 117 drugs from the federal govt .
who in turn buys them in bulk .
but the provinces , etc .
still run and manage the drugs plans .
then no messy bureaucracy and no converting plans over .
just bulk buying & distribution .
truth sometimes hurts , but that does not make what you were trying to say wrong or worth a conversation.caring for women 's sport does not make you transphobic.if we lose the ability to have conversation we lose the ability to think.the problem i see here is the trans communities inability to have a intelligent conversation on the said arguement which i see as problem.it is especially confounding to me that the atheist community is not willing to have this conversation either which is a bit religious.keep up the good work steven .
nta !
she 's creating cretins for men like this .
there 's nothing wrong with menstruation .
if she did n't menstruate she would never have had her kids .
you 're step mother is an idiot !
there s an old style weapon called a monkeys claw / fist that seamen would make from rope and lead shot .
scheer must be doing and saying something right to the annoyance of the chinese .
you only cry foul when you have something to lose , the chinese are not stupid .
the western world seems to be naive , very naive and our children will pay the price in joblessness ,   poverty and government debt . !
“ the only thing worse than living in a country built by racist whites is not being allowed to immigrate to a country built by racist whites . ”
- steve sailer
so you 're done with all ... that ?
i bet a little bitch boy like yourself would love to get your cock stepped on by these heels .
or maybe you just want to sniff my luscious feet .
either way , beta bitch boys need to send to show their respect 💸 💸 💸 $ bunnykat on cashapp url url
i 'm voting for a woman as well , just not for one whose right of center politics , corporate ties and foreign and environmental policies do n't align with my own .
then again , i 've always seen through the smoke and mirrors of the two party system and have never voted for either of them .
sanders would have finally given me a reason to vote for a democrat , but i 'm following the movement , not the man .
clinton does n't even remotely represent that progressive movement .
watching crazy rich asians instead of raw mwah 💋
honestly thank god that intuition and pure stroke of luck never led me around any abusive men like perry because .
my god
uptown girl , but make it non - binary
currycels get in here 
 how many of you have escaped inceldom , mixed raced currycels , even just being 1/4 white , do not count .
great article .
i really liked   this line , " but in the world of liberal dogma , all of this is wrongthink . "
i could n't help but think of other examples of liberal wrongthink .... some perpetuated right here in this paper .
remember during the housing boom in to and van people getting all kinds of static for saying it was foreigners that were driving up house prices ?
they were called everything from racist to xenophobic ... then it was discovered to be true .
or how about the the ghomeshi case ?
the accusers were so untruthful that the case was dismissed .
however , this hit the papers as a classic case of misogyny and that our justice system was severely flawed .
or my favourite .
remember how the donald trump voter was described ?
a redneck , whitetrash , male , trailer park resident .
when in fact 42 % of women voted for him , 29 % of latino 's and the majority of income earners in the top 3 income brackets .
and the media does n't have a left leaning bias ?
nerdy guy sure found out ...
the older i get the more i am like that so f d up all them niggas stood at the door and listened to ebony get beat and raped then left sadly society is still like that the players club
< user > same for white nationalism and fascism that ’ you
this faggot is under the influence of dick fuck this homo and his subversion tactics .
usa was founded for white christian people , if you 're not one or the other than leave .
last night a young popular liberal writer published mild criticism about bernie sanders , so i harassed him with threats and bigoted slurs .
piss off you thirsty brown thot no one asked you i do not listen to chubby street shitters or kike manlets
that nigga ice give new york niggas a bad rep
anyone have feelings for someone who has no idea ?
ayye , it 's fucking awful .
shut up , you 're going to trigger the emotionally driven retards at leddit
i would agree some vaccines are effective and worth the risks , but not all of them .
diversity is our greatest strength !
rt @ohheyitsrei : there 's a scene in yorha where a bunch of machines form a fucking megazord and i 'm upset nothing like that was in automata
brexit un eu india trump maga obama israel cnn projectveritas foxnews microsoft ceo h1b visa indian chinaman freeloader google ceo h1b visa indian chinaman freeloader facebook run by h1b visa indian chinamen freeloaders twitter run by h1b visa indian chinamen freeloaders
even when they are stuck between two white babies like an inside out oreo cookie
" we ’ve learned that even paradise needs roundup and insecticide to make it fit for human habitation . [ ... ]
the truth is that getting back to nature sometimes means you ’ve got to make war on it , for your own survival . "
was it last week that wente the entomologist was stating that all 's well with monarch butterflies and bees ?
why do you guys want to genocide whites lol 😂
< user > soo being a nazi is perfectly ok because i get money yikes lol
.@peerworker online harassment is a serious problem , and it needs to be addressed .
but making false equivalencies wo n't get you anywhere .
as compared to " rubbing one out " , much more common in here .
hey it a big gay street shittn paki
damn right we are going to react when an < number > white country pushes non white actors everywhere
< user > the bravest chinaman i know is < user >
the veterans sacrificed nothing   more than our soldiers , in fact we helped them liberating their country .
how come the veterans who helped liberating their philippines home left their home and " kin "   after the war ?
purely money motive , just like their present numerous   " kin " leaving their philippine home land now their friends and more remote relatives ( which will come later with more petitions ) coming to a country that they do not know ?
purely the motive of money : the pl are poor due to tripling their population since world war 2 and everybody from there wants to come here .
it is wrong and bad to allow them all in , we are already overcrowded .
roflol as if a bunch of queers has any concept of what a good christian or any kind of christian is or does or would do my sides
< user > they ’ re illegal immigrants they don ’ t like the fucking setup turn around and go home no one is forcing them to stay
88gibson lespaul < - only 1.8 % are lgbt .
abnormal is a numbers word - not president trumps fault .
the 98.2 % straights just are n't into u.   your estrangement ca n't be fixed .
still not werds nigga you south afreekan too see i fig u for a retarded azz adherent this is amazing how ice block
me again .
i do n't think he wants them here driving around period .
too complicated ?
akjen , you know by now how much i respect you , and your own intellect .
i do not know how this will unfold either , regarding the result .
i do know , however , how it would have unfolded under the other choice , and that would have been a disaster .
a relationship ca n't always be 50/50 , sometimes ur partner is gon na be going through something and u got ta pick up the slack for them ..
" well there 's something you made up " 

 not really .
this is exactly was some of the right wing ( nay alt - right ) prognosticators are saying .
i do not care about so called exceptional white people who are not racist at the end of the day white supremacy is a business
i ’ m off a perk and bitch off a bar
@jisungta @babyhyuckkie u just defined gender dysphoria yes , but the term dysphoria literally means huge amounts of distress .
feeling dysphoria is nt a positive experience !
and i do nt want to center my identity around it
the usa does not need any more rats and cockroaches , get them out !
i do n't understand your entire comment , clergy are men just like you and i , and sin just like you and i. the idea the pope is perfect is wrong , because he 's not .. yes of course they 're apart of the succession as they were validly ordained .
yall check out my music & # 128175 ; let me know if you fucking with it !
could be interesting , chelsea having a quick shave before maiden speech .
rt if your account is a safe place for lgbtq members poc muslims women people from every nation
golden lesbian !
why do n't they interview the young black lady who defended in the france game so well .
i think espn is a trump hating racist bunch of faggots .
yeah , it was their fault ...... we should kick them out anyway
humiliating is right they should commit suicide like they do in asia .
thank you dr. grethe cammermeyer rn , phd for your continued service to this country and this very timely defense of nas whidbey island against the coer & crew threat .
although you ( wrongfully ) opposed the health board 's resolution on jet noise , sure appreciate the assist doctor .
as to , " please have adequate information rather than causing unnecessary chaos with misinformation . "
well doctor coer & crew just love creating chaos .
our job is to stop them , get scenario a for olf and return olf to honor .
joe
< user > < user > < user > he wants a white ethnostate and thinks that the holocaust did nt happen and that the jew globalists control everything
fuck off kkk hick .
done with that hoe 😂 😂 😂 she sick in the head
keep your mind on the real face of racism the war on whites rise up and unite my brothers as others have taken up violence against you
when queers persecute u and ir children u might return to god law aka theonomy
i googled you .
why on earth do you have a japanese girl`s name if you don`t look japanese ? !
owaisi crying < number > rohingyas has never have tears for < number > kashmiri hindu pundits killed tortured raped driven away from their homes with anouncements 4 m masjids support of rohingyas b deshi muslims is for change demography for muslim majority to turn india into hell < number > hindus
rangers won at msg and knocked the flyers out of the playoffs could this day be any better i think not
< user > girl like tf lol them white hoes was better
< user > republicans don ’ t hate gays
it is so good to see the bonding between bangladeshi and indian bhai borthers .
qbs who rack up yardage in garbage time are headed for the trash bin .
google blake bortles if you do n't believe me .
( i 'm not saying this is true of dak .
i 'm questioning your knowledge of nfl game plans ) .
german folk music - youtube wait for the second song on this track .
defacing etc really unlike the peaceful arabs u follow to much fake news israel here to stay
nothing gets me down more than my shit skin
it 's almost hard to believe the shayateen were locked away this ramadan with the way some of you were acting .
< user > also rouge is lesbian
his ( now dead ) father is guilty of a form of abuse .
i see no one defending the father 's actions .
that does not absolve us ( canada , through our government ) of our responsibility not to be conplicit in torture or a child soldier and further violations of international law based on a confession obtained under obvious duress .
steven blaney , one of harper 's cabinet , actually admitted on cbc in 2015 that the confession was obtained in order for this young man to finally get home to canada while he faced the threat of indefinite detention in a hell hole .
somehow blaney tried to use this against khadr , shocked that , now that he was back in canadian custody , he revoked his confession .
there is a reason why confessions under torture are inadmissable under most justice systems . .
might as well let the chinese take it all over .
canadians are proving themselves more incompetent with each passing day .
virtually everyone on the hundreds of aboriginal reserves in canada is aboriginal .
if there is violence there , it therefore has to be committed by aboriginals .
as for racism , how can that exist on reserves where everyone is not only aboriginal but also of the same tribe ?
do n't date people w mental health issues if u r just gon na dip when things get hard
" rt @nickfoskett1 : " " one lady owner " " so the clutch is fucked then ? "
i 'm offensive and i find this white and superior to individuals of higher melanin content in their dermis .
i can tell you that colleges in new york are very liberal , even the christian or catholic ones .
hackhampride yes sir !
no discrimination when it 's comes to getting illegals out .
includes asians , south americans , middle easterners , south africans , white europeans .
finally stopped questioning why i out grew people .
we are on 2 different levels and we are n't the same .
fucking retarded they talk like the fella sign on in the army pundeh being forced to serve the < number > years athu ungalukka theriyalla comedy pieces 😂 😂 😂
< user > you too retard
good plan !
no matter , your gender , culture , class , race or creed , love is for all and never discriminates !
the fluoride chemical is not only a neurotoxin , its repeatedly been found to leach lead from water pipes and increase the levels of lead in children ’s blood .
“ fluoride … eats through concrete & steel , but safe to swallow . ”
trust me i work for the government .
dd
second floor update : 63.96 deg f , 34.539676666259766 % humidity , 16.736400604248047 lux .
april 5 , 2017 at 01:15pm
how does chinese people name their children ?
they throw them down the stairs and listens what sound they make
iq nationalism leads to a jew asian bugocracy imposing miseries on heritage white americans that sound good to anyone but jews asians and their stepinfetchit swpl shitlib white lackeys
sounds like someone that is mentally ill .
continued ...   i began thinking , while in the lobby and nobody noticing i was there , how rude those people were who told me the seats were taken .
they were family members of my sister 's husband .
i 'm sure a few of them knew i was the sister of chuck 's second wife .
yet they booted me away rather than get to know the sister of chuck 's new wife .
to this day i regret not just plopping my can down and eating , telling them , " there 's no reserved seating .
i 'm staying put .
who were you saving this seat for , the king of england ? "
after a few minutes in the lobby i found a stray chair and pulled it up to the the filled table , announcing , " i 'm taking the bull by the horns . "
the people at the end of this table were my parents and brother .
my brother then gave me his seat and went to my sister and her kids ' table and sat ... even though five minutes earlier , my sister booted me away from that table .
moral of story : family sometimes sucks .
take what seats you can get for your meal .
parental gender essentialism !
" boys are bad toddlers , girls are horrible teenagets . "
if the census can ask if your female or male if you 're white black hispanic asian or other then it most certainly can ask if you are a legal citizen
blackpill for the day : if you were ' not that bad looking ' , you would n't be in the situation you are right now
is your mother an oriental ?
i should give my passport to a jihadi for safekeeping so it never gets lost or damaged berlinchristmas
and which countries are breeding out of control like there no tomorrow the red ones as well flooding the world with mentally retarded individuals but hey europeans stop having children in order to save the world
house democrats unanimously pass ' equality act ' to protect lgbtq rights - abc news - via @abc url
paying russia and fusion gps for fake news was a desperate act .
what ’s the difference between caucasians and asians ?
caucasians have cauc
@l4mees just go join the taliban already you american hater .
go pick up a ak and do something about " u.s troops killing your people " since you hate the troops so much .
what ’s the difference between a monkey and a japanese guy that logan paul knew ?
one can get down from the tree when swinging .
just another reason to turf these imbeciles from queens park .
maybe the cops who have been suspended on criminal charges and who are receiving a sunshine salary can assist in fixing this mess ..... or maybe they not .
might find them of the golf course now .
now back to the topic ..... a few years ago during a snaking line of cars approaching the 400 n i noticed a car approaching my rear , not slowing down so i braced myself .
bang , and this young asian lady with an open laptop on her lap looked angrily at me as though i caused the accident .
hours later after reporting to the collision center , i fumed about this ridiculous system .
this driver shold be off the road for a min period of 30 days and have a mandatory driving training , plus a huge increase in premiums .
i do nt care how much the lawyers make,,,,,,,if people cause accidents they should be off the road permanently .
and the medical mess is assesemnets is a joke and always have been .
must address this asap .
lots of problems ...
i ’ m off a perk and bitch off a bar
some bitch dropped her beer bottle last night at deol and glass went everywhere and somehow ended up in my shoe and my foot hurts
sweden riot police forced to shoot at protestors as violence erupts yet pm is in denial express hotpagenews com r < number >
watch bbc on muslims abandoning eu < number > syria the father honestly says it bcs they do not like girls being told they have freewill by supposedly educated pple bcs women don t in islam sharia sharialaw realitycheck fgm misogyny hijab rapeculture abuse violence woman women girl girls womansrights womensrights brexit
the facts that actuly the homeless do nt put a price on our own homes is true they do nt but as the courts do means they put a price on our own family 's also in say if they can stay or not when they are in need and all it takes is one phone call or lawsuit to stop you from helping friends and family
find his fat ass on the closest golf course that does n't allow minorities .
not many likes of your comment .
you should ask your father or grandfather how the nazis treated them and finally enter illegally in the us and now you end up making an ignorant comment forgetting your past .
@chuckcallesto she should be removed from the general population .
you a lame bitch when you quit letting them treat you like a dummy
& # 128564;&#128564;&#128564;&#128564;&#128564 ; these fucking lights just blinked off & amp ; i got so damn scared
your js are now 1 - 0 in 15 - run games , off to a good start in that key team stat .
and .... drum roll please ..... am happy to announce that your js have crossed the rubicon , and are now showing a positive run diff .
+5 .
on the neg , kevin pillar was ofer last night , no hits in 6 abs .
will see if this game is a 1 - off or the start of something big .
i bet a little bitch boy like yourself would love to get your cock stepped on by these heels .
or maybe you just want to sniff my luscious feet .
either way , beta bitch boys need to send to show their respect 💸 💸 💸 $ bunnykat on cashapp url url
ca n't believe what i 'm seeing on the news .
i pray for you all to be safe and hang in there .
as well as through the rebuilding of your lives .
well i am against races too if that makes you feel any better i definitely think blacks and asians should be in their own nations too
@beaviscumia @jimmysdong 
 dat cat gon na scratch all up on dat colored boy and he gon na end up in da chow mein
i 've heard many horror stories about female best friends , but alhamdulillah i 've never experienced anything bad .
some of my fiancé 's best friends are girls and i love them .
they 've known each other longer and they were there through his roughest times .
i 'm glad they 're around .
url
i came home today to find my retarded son trying to put socks on his cock that cat going to be fucking traumatized now
or like the right amount of horny but not for lesbians
only when middle school girls drive dykes to the nuthouse underage shitskin rapists get their ids protected
" rt @regalenough : " " i just heard a news that an idiot is driving in wrong direction .
b careful " " wife : an idiot ?
gosh !
every1 here is driving … "
rt @waynel_jr : 80 % rt @notmorris _ : 60 % of these hoes be fake gay
same with all the paki rape gangs how can it be so pervasive without total support from cops courts and cunts in politics i also ask how can everybody in a town not be aware of the rape house with fucking pakis standing a queue out front
and the forced teaching of the holocaust to children in germany remember you are basically the descendant of a genocidal maniac little boy hate yourself
< user > i m supposed to be worried about men instead that s that lgbtq bullshit why black women want all black men to be raging gay faggots no i m interested in woman
there is no market that will bring these cars anywhere near that number .
stamping the word " bastard " on birth certificates .
any and all bigotry .
pulling kids out of school to have them go to work .
various forms of domestic abuse .
i would like to say this law holds no difference in what we already deal with but in fact it is a future of issues of 2018 and all it will take is a major cause of act that will take over american free speech and will democercy belifes being pushed from germany new law over our own constitution .
do not be mixing their homosexual tendencies with the animes they were fags before they watched some nip cartoons
now i feel sick now maddie got ta get her ass beat & # 129314 ;
everybody wanna sell a caesar salad with a nasty ass caesar dressing , like how that work & # 129300;&#128580 ;
this is a horrifying thread .
skin color is not what defines us .
but if you hate someone due to the color of their skin , it certainly defines you .
i hope all of us who feel otherwise will stand up against racist rhetoric and actions .
i would start if with some stiff spankings , the i would grab her by the hips and shove my face in her ass , i would lick her pussy and asshole from back there , then i would rail her with my hard cock until she cums uncontrollably , then i would empty my balls inside her right little pussy
a lot of east asians want double eyelids to look better so i gave them < number > night blinders
yeah i do nt mind chinks they need to stay in chink land though to many coming to my country
as in premiums will go up even more .
hah !
and this is from the guy who made a big deal about hillary 's emails .
this is typical of so many uk schools full of blacks and asians
like it or not : monthly print single comics need to end .
digital singles with print trade paperbacks is the only viable future .
do n't get an erection i was sitting next to this really hot thai girl on the bus and all i could think to myself was , " do n't get an erection , do n't get an erection " .
< repeat > but she did .
how does one even quantify what ' good looking ' is ?
it 's subjective .
not to mention a totally worthless point of view and/or discussion .
< user > vk looks interesting i might actually install it however at first glance it does not appear to solve the digital ghetto problem all the information in one place diaspora is shit but it at least tries to solve the digital ghetto but fails note gab does not solve it either
* sel calls bai * sel : where u at ?
bai : at my fucking house
infatuated wit pretty bitches
i said whoever threw that paper , your mom 's a hoe !
u r such a fuckin hoe i love it u r such a fuckin hoe i love it u r such a fuckin hoe i love it ur boyfriend a dork mclovin
how many white lives would it have saved so far if we had no non whites here , just in the usa and canada ?
if the us ever thought that terrorists were more easily accessing canada in order to cross into the us , public sentiment there for a more open border would vanish .
how many old white guys setting their reputations on fire for trump have defended themselves with some variation on " we all die anyway ? "
i hope their grandchildren grow up knowing the hell world they 're tasked with fixing is because grandpa was an asshole .
right , people will be taking elevated rail to go to sea level disaster areas and then canoes to their jobs where there is no electricity , running water or flushing toilets .
it seemed like a civil and valid question to ask why you think trump was trying to get the fbi to stop investigating flynn .
this is racism not only from white people but you can see hispanic and asain in the crowd .
what if he sends all back .. creepy
well , if you take a nato member like bulgaria or latvia you will see that they " improved their economy " by losing most of their industrial power and most of their young people who left in search of meaningful jobs .
they went from being   some of the most advanced in the soviet block to abandoned wastelands manipulated by the western powers .
there a big difference asia is full of asians with nobody screaming for diversity africa is full of africans etc other groups have reserve populations we do not north america europe and australia are our home populations
i love white women
them - don't you dare objectify us ! !
​ also them - gets publicly naked as much as fucking possible .
where are the niggas that suck pussy ?
url
how pissed are you if you are japanese chinese korean ya know real asians and now the goat fuckers are called asian too to avoid calling them arabs
kick out the niggers and spics too they are all bottom feeders compared to whites and asians
people today treat harmless stuff like cat called and wolf whistle as sexual harassment in the meanwhile real rapists get a free pass because of muh diversity this is why feminazi countries like sweden have turned into rape capitals
nofap , cold showers , nopillow , pua , gymcelling etc .... are the biggest copes ever 
 if you ever thought about doing any of these with the hopes of becoming a super alpha manly man to attract more women , it 's over for you buddy boyo .
thank you mga ching chong kay walay klase today 💖
rt @trap_jesus : kemba fucked this nigga up .
rt @dailyloud : i still ca n't believe kemba did this to pitt https://t.co/lzzoux5jlz
whoever gets me a iced caramel macchiato from starbucks and balloons for my bday will be real as fuck
gab lately has gone absolutely full retard i have nt seen this level of breakdown since i trolled themeparkreview com into the ground well me and a few other trolls guys you all need to chill
do asians like you ever feel any shame for invading us universities in such overwhelming numbers
rotherham must have it day of reckoning it can only be the deportation of every paki muslim and the imprisonment of every police chief since < number > and every councillor mayor mp and lord ahmed of rotherham
i got a 19/42 on my history exam good thing i have ammonia , bleach and an airtight bathroom .
< user > < user > there ’ a lot of blatant racism and pure ignorance in this thread the ghetto
two of the people i am really getting sick and tired of seeing as guests on these evening news programs are that wild eyed gook malkin and the physically retarded jew krauthammer i change the channel when they come on there are others the list is growing
it does sound like you are a little over stocked .
you will need to keep right on top of the water changes to keep the ammonia down . [ ... ]
edited to add .... gravel vac at the same time and you kill the proverbial two birds with one stone .
well obviously they must be a diverse group of morbidly obese transgendered persons some blacks hispanics some veiled muslims a few asians and a white girl i guess and they should replace the dallas cheerleaders
stop sucking that fatass ' dick , you niggerloving kike
honestly the better idea is private schools for our people ; the average parent is a poor teacher .
all you hoes wanna pick with me because i 'm pregnant ..
if you drive under the speed limit especially in the fast lane know i genuinely fucking hate you
i suspect she is busy with animation work she does not have any chink slaves to animate scenes for her afterall shit takes forever to do alone
i am broke in the ghetto way i got my tv and sat and internet being retired is boring
fuck you motherfucker indians
+ ashley lawton if y' all do n't want immigrants let 's begin by stopping the flow of weapons into mexico .. you 're being lied to by your own people
< user > < user > mohamed didn ’ t keep any slaves you nazi bigot mohamed and islam are a religion of peace blacklivesmatteruk
what kind of chinaman speak french i mean gotdam
the holocaust is widely believed even by nazis like me gasing jews or napalming vietnamese lacks knightlyhood i e is detestful
i m with you on the three year train .
i m a trans man , and my mother does n't accept me at all .
so i m with you on that three more years train . :')
hypocrites more gems from kimmel here he has women feel his crotch to guess what he stuffed in his pants kimmel you should put your mouth on it
you seem confused .
first khadr " admitted to throwing the grenade "   in gitmo under torturous   conditions .
tortured convictions are not admissible under canadian law because they are unreliable .
people say anything to make the abuse stop .
so there is that .
second , this is completely unrelated to trump and the three separate us government investigations into possible collusion or other wrongdoing .
so let 's talk about something more relevant to the point you poorly tried to make .
hypocrisy .
what of the hypocrisy of " lock her up ? "
trump supporters made that a rallying cry again and against clinton with no evidence .
none .
nada .
zip .
zilch .
people said hey that 's not fair .
did they listen ?
nope .
now there is a lot more evidence- still circumstantial -that trump or someone in his campaign colluded to undermine the democrats .
yet trump supporters cry foul for a lack of fairness and objectivity when they have offered none .
lol .
seriously?reap what you sow .
you ca n't have it both ways .
wow you are so alpha abusing women on the internet parroting anglin troll articles you just dgaf what these bitches < number > something married women opposing feminism on youtube say so so alpha now go finish your homework before your mom gets angry
good , bitch , u ai nt welcome either
i suspect it is common , if not universal , whenever there is occupation / empire .
keep the oppression at a level that is incoherent enough that seemingly reasonable people will easily pick on one another to try to make it stop .
gary was such a kind and wonderful man , and a role model for all .
very saddened by this and thinking of martha , his lovely wife and partner in life .
which leads us here , and no one wants that .
https://goo.gl/hvmfhk
so glad the leader of the hillbilly mafia is not in the white house happy 4 th
ever since i called my dad out on he homophobia he stopped a winning
i 'm ready for the nukes send em on over china
@solidarity386 shut the fuck up kike i 'm an islamic art posting page you degenerate
fuck you and you 're stupid fucking love shit .
you would n't know love if it was a dildo that went up your fat fucking ass you god damn mongoloid .
@caitkitten not everyone adds the i to lgbt .
intersex people have come forward and said they do not want to be / are not a part of the community , and that it is non - intersex people forcing them into the community
no more chinese - they do nt assimilate , they cheat .
not fair to the other good kids who do nt cheating as an option .
what a pig and all those ugly uneducated deplorables ... hahaha
my name is yusuf i am from somalia and i want to kill you and your family motherfuker
my girlfriend keeps ranting about me spending too much time on arthropods .. she does n't know that she is the last one in the centipede .
i think a lot of people have a hard time taking the topic seriously , since the characters are n't real ( ignoring existing discrimination that obviously still contributes as well ) .
a lot of companies have taken to " cashing in " on making their characters lgbt+ recently , so cynicism is abound and probably deserved as well .
i hope you have an awesome event anyway .
fucking mint when i 've lost all my photos for textiles & # 128076 ;
i am probably just over thinking it since the white rabbit graph rothchild copter thing marines at langley tick tock monday
if you 're an adult and still believe in some sky god you have n't matured at all .
fuck your stupid religion .
url
simp admits to being used for his money and brags about it .
niggas like this are so fucking embarressing , like i m sure your girl is calling you a fuckboy behind your back " playa "
it 's just really hard to find an indigenous asian female who 's transgendered lol
they are only being asked to decide if the executive symbol is considered the same as the national symbol .
i think you have to separate the two for clarity of protest .
the cop on the field or the flag .
jaishankar is ethnically tamil but born and brought up in delhi iirc .
but the chinese government does n't .
tough luck , gullible canadians ...
well obviously they must be a diverse group of morbidly obese transgendered persons some blacks hispanics some veiled muslims a few asians and a white girl i guess and they should replace the dallas cheerleaders
ann coulter < user > this daily trump melodrama is worth it only if he really going to build the wall cut off muslim refugees and deport illegals
well i have no money to go over the sea neither i think we should have it all over the world on the same day for those that do nt have enough money to travel that far wpww .
all she had to do was call for canadians to   “ condemn all forms of systemic racism and religious discrimination ” and no one would have said a word .
if muslims are n't being singled out for special treatment , then why is islamophobia specifically identified ?
why do n't jews or blacks or asians or nordic people with blue eyes and blonde hair get the same consideration ?
and that 's the whole point - khalid is completely and utterly full of crap .
< user > < user > < user > you said clinton sexual harassment in the white house was his personal business therefore not impeachable this congressional hearing video is on fb shame on you
[ meta ] we knew three years ago that they were creating shill account to control the discussion here .
i thought garbage men were supposed to bring trash to the dump but they would n't take me ha ha ha .
self depreciation ftw .
do you take pride from your work ?
yes , but my co - workers always seem to send out an amber alert .
... so anyone can buy a specific person 's history as opposed to the history of some anonymous users in a specific demographic .
" is that an albino mexican ? "
" no dad , he 's asian . "
let everyone be there self gay lesbian by or straight when if ur going to love someone love them for who they are
why is the 36 st station always so fucking cold ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
milwaikee is the most biggoted city i have ever lived in .
every ethnic group talks trash about the others .
the only thing they agree upon is their hate for hispanics , blacks and asians .
< user > < user > ur mom is homosexuans
" @dhsuchak sorry to hear this .
could you send us the screenshots of " " about phone " " in settings for further aid ? "
i am the reaction to the shitskin invasion
if the japs are offended , then screw them .
they should have stayed away from pearl harbor . "
the highest rated comment on a very old and very racist bugs bunny cartoon shown on youtube .
7 	 macro , race 	 6 years ago
sorry mr. watts , your knowledge of history is rather lame .
specially when you do n't even know the difference between white people and chinese people .
read some real books if you please , not fantasy comic books .
weev talks about killing and raping white women < user > ‍ talks about putting gook women over white women was this shooter apart of the anti white women mgtow stormer
wait omar ?
you mean the woman that was running around yelling allahu akbar pretending that it was a peaceful word and has nt been used as a war cry for 1200 years and she hate israel ? ?
this insane radical woman is part politics now and is one of our leaders ?
wtf
" we did not inflict this kind of obstructionism on president obama , " added sen. patrick j. toomey , r - pa. "   hahahahaha !
what a maroon !
or , is he as insane as trump ?
yup .
imagine hitting servers still tho little retards
@audii0903 @marquelawest girl leave them niggas alone
check this video out sf ' we must welcome africans with open arms they have every right to be in ireland ' .
the rule of law must be followed !
i have n't seen you here for a while scott , how 's   it going ?
the absolute lunacy of sand nigger politicians in europe banning those of european descent from entering parts of europe puh leez trump belongs in london more than sadiq khan
caucasian and thai
i was n't sure if you were oriental because your last name is wong , but your first name is english .
" god , who at sundry times and in divers   manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets , hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son , whom he hath appointed heir of all things , by whom also he made the worlds ; "   ( hebrews 1:1 - 2 )
" i 'm so good at saying to myself " " everyone else feels this way so it 's nbd " " even when it rly affects me "
suck my dick trash
so you 're telling me someone did n't know his band - aid came off in the juice ?
" rt @hughgoesthere : just met this idiot who pronounces it " " pecan " " instead of " " pecan . " " "
i understand this but unfortunatly i have no one else to turn to .
i 've always wanted to # write a sandbox world inspired by soylent green .
it 'd take a * lot * of work to adapt it and build a worthwhile setting
anyone have feelings for someone who has no idea ?
ayye , it 's fucking awful .
yep they have become the party representing muslims blacks asians queers and any other undesirable element in our society not the working man they have taken this once great country well and truly down the toilet sorry to say but it has become a shit hole
fuck off kkk hick .
sometimes i go from the garage to the shed and , upon arrival , ask myself what the heck did i come out here for .
" must 've been a poll conducted at a liberal fundraiser . "
-- 

 no , it was n't .
try again ?
north korea is so stupid .
they could choose to become an open society , producing world class products , employing their people , and being an economic powerhouse , serving as a conduit between communist china and russia and the asian " free world" ......... but instead , their leaders all have " little man " ( just like putin and trump " syndrome , and choose to   enslave themselves and their own people .
it 's just disgusting and barbaric .
a step back on the evolutionary ladder folks .
things are different now .
ahahaha , so what mrs.france is actually saying " after seeing all these cases of crazy people acting foolish and then blaming the airlines for mistreatment , i simply had to collect a piece of that compensation - pie !
cha - ching " ..... 
 notice how she did n't actually take her baby off the plane ( permanently ) when they stopped and inconvenienced everyone for 16 minutes while she went into theatrics .
if i were united i d invite her to never again fly on our airplanes .
what a nut .... seriously .
i would hope the judge throws this out !
i 'm super proud of the native folx who came out today to show power & solidarity for migrant families from the south .
we in this together .
our liberation is connected to their liberation .
trooof .
let 's see , got broken up with , rejected from a research position , and i entered the wrong routing number to pay my rent and it over drafted .
a pagan father celebrates his son 's descent into sodomy through a meaningless toast to his son 's mortally sinful perversion
sara , did you follow the link ?
even cupich does not deny the church 's objective teaching of sin .
may i help you ?
what do you call a cat with a slit throat ?
a chinese ketchup bottle
@vito amelino it 's a lie made up by those who serve satan .
the same ppl who call anyone and everyone " racist " support infanticide .
you are right that it 's about morality .
these marxists leftists do not care about black people .
they care only about their own wealth and power .
if they cared about black americans , they 'd stop this open borders nonsense bc it virtually exclusively has hurt black americans .
because she 's a brave beautiful woman , that 's why .
you have fully shown what you are with this comment , adios !
i got a 19/42 on my history exam good thing i have ammonia , bleach and an airtight bathroom .
" i am on the political right " 
 gee and yet all your comments come from a left perspective .
i 'd pound her fuck hole with your cum on her face
< user > < user > ur mom is homosexuans
this article is short on helpful facts .
its focus is an opinion of the perceived personality of the chinese leader and his style of speech .
it   makes mention of a vague european political opinion about the speech .
it told me nothing of the actual content of the speech , nor linked to it .
and so , it was unhelpful .
@ilhanmn can we talk your isis friends ?
ever walked to an elevator and got told that the elevator is “ for blacks only ” ?
ever gone to a job interview and got told you ca n’t because you are not black even before they look at your cv ?
it really is n't " crap " .
this piece would have made perfect sense if it was n’t written under the assumption that all whites are born racist with three farms , a bmw and 100 million in the bank .
it ’s like this trek for mandela and pads thing .
they only speak of “ the black child " which i find fundamentally racists .
what about the poor indian , white , chinese , pakistani and what not child ?
how about this , a naturalized african from any other country in the world has first rights and opportunities over and above any naturally born south african of any minority group .
when deploying coloureds and africans on a level playing field you will find that for the african coloureds are n’t black enough .
that is your curse .
when there are no more whites guess who will be the next scapegoats to shoulder blame .
there were about two hundred nut cases in that room .
they have nothing in common with trump supporters .
you are sadly misguided if you think those two hundred represent the over 62 million who voted for trump .
where 's your video of the black lives people marching chanting they want dead cops now ?
or the countless video 's of their supporters looting and destroying property ?
or how about the video of all those clinton and sanders supporters destroying property in portland because they are mad trump won ?
it 's very sad that you think those two hundred nuts are part of trumps supporters because they are not .
since you believe they are , it explains your insane left field comments .
regardless of what you believe , it 's over now .
trump is your president for the next four years .
if you 're an adult and still believe in some sky god you have n't matured at all .
fuck your stupid religion .
url
< user > < user > finally a woman that is class and not a white trashy one like those sisters we are sick of seeing
i feel sorry for people living in texas , i live in australia and i always thought texas was a basically white exclusive place to live .
bill clinton turned the dnc into china painted whore in < number > if you remember china heavily funded bill clinton campaign these illegal gook funds were glibly dismissed with an assurance that they would not affect policy and a compliant media who promised not to press the matter
all of these groups who are not genetically dominant , who they call blak , are all illegally here on this planet .
if they are non blak , they are invaders and destroyers , they are the vermin of the scum ! !
all non blak people ...
let the deportations begin
free speech my ass it was terrorism and the incitement of violence say it name radicalwhiteterrorism
eat more fiber wolf eagle , some of that could just be irregularity .
i am sure little potato is too busy praising cuban and chinese dictators to worry about it .
trump should pardon shekreli and deport the gook judge
why do aspirins work ?
cause they 're white .
fuck off faggot
regret is poisonous , it sucks , seeing it in a mans eyes is # painful .
take action on what you would regret not doing the most # entrepreneur
you ca n't play me for a fool my niggah
watched one horror movie and now i 'm fucking quivering in my boots
just going to assume every " hate crime " is bs until proven otherwise .
this is all getting so damn ridiculous .
justin trudeau may be living dangerously , but he 's certainly governing foolishly .
why has he attended numerous cash for access fundraising dinners with wealthy chinese businessmen ?
why has n't he been held to account on this ?
why is he increasing immigration levels substantially without any public debate or input ?
our real estate is so overvalued , especially in canada 's larger cities and bringing in more immigrants will put more pressure on existing housing stock and drive prices up to even more ridiculous levels .
< user > < user > girl i m watchin that shit for free hella ghetto on bing on my tv 😂 😂 😂 😂
the actresses who played josie packard and catherine martell were n't asked back for the revival , , , , , , , they did my girls so dirty
i think a lot of people have a hard time taking the topic seriously , since the characters are n't real ( ignoring existing discrimination that obviously still contributes as well ) .
a lot of companies have taken to " cashing in " on making their characters lgbt+ recently , so cynicism is abound and probably deserved as well .
i hope you have an awesome event anyway .
< user > they don ’ t care about americans they only care about illegal immigrants
a lot of it could be mostly blacks with hispanics though .
hs english teacher calls me ( korean american ) and my friend ( half japanese ) to his desk .
teacher : : where are you both from ?
us : : here , the u.s. teacher : : no , i mean where are your parents from ?
us : : korea ( me ) ; germany and japan ( friend ) .
teacher : : ok , could you translate this for me ?
teacher hands us a user manual for a blender written in chinese .
i was 17 and it was in front of the whole english class .
@whoisivanna the rest of latin america fetishize and sexualize these countries people and culture , but y' all not ready to talk about that
about to break up with my abusive girlfriend , if you have wise words or support i would love you for it .
why are chinese kids so good at math ?
because their dog does n’t eat their homework
< user > vk looks interesting i might actually install it however at first glance it does not appear to solve the digital ghetto problem all the information in one place diaspora is shit but it at least tries to solve the digital ghetto but fails note gab does not solve it either
can you hear me ?
it 's not just about being " women of color " most important is what you do for people of color !
in the last 2 yrs ⁦@realdonaldtrump⁩ has done more for " people of color " than these so called " women of color ! "
name 1 thing the squad has done legislatively for people of color !
stop sucking that fatass ' dick , you niggerloving kike
espn is going down and down .
like removing an asian announcer because his name .
besides hill should have apologized to trump and not espn for her outrages comments .
clearly espn employs trash on all levels .
idiots : asian are smarter than white people elon musk : really ?
scum should n't be allowed have kids !
she 'll never be the female wayne nigga .
wayne birth generations held hip hop and rap in the palm of his hand for 10 plus years fuck y all niggas be smokin when y all tweet dumb shit like this .... she not even half of wayne lyrically n creatively 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️ 🤦 🏾‍ ♂ ️
@charliekirk11 @ilhanmn when will @nancypelosi get control of her demoncrats.this @ilhanmn is trying to start trouble in america and when it gets started .. good luck on trying to stop it without installing marshall law .. this is what muslims , antifa , muslim terriosts want.they will get more than they think
if chris took my phone during a show i would fucking mummify the phone .
oy vey the shoah blue bloods last night had a white guy doing polar bear hunting knockout game of elderly at least he wasn t blond this time like hawaii < number > < number > did with last nights innocent moslem framed for terror
what 's ariana grande 's favorite food ?
bangers and mash
eureka !
i 've figured it out !
45 is playing golf so much because he thinks he can clobber isis with his golf drive & amp ; he needs practice !
/s
gianforte won based on his platform , not on his response to a reporter who repeatedly crowded into his personal space shoving a mic in his face .
when asked nicely and repeatedly to stop doing something , stop for goodness sake !
be respectful .
but do n't be shocked if lack of respect by the instigator begets a lack of respect in return !
rapper li l king jong un ching chong after us lists him as state supporter of terror it mistranslated as one without mandrill mindset which makes him even more of a chink magnet
drug addicts can shoot themselves up but when i try to shoot myself in the head , people get concerned
honolulu has badly deteriorated in the years i have lived here .
things continue to deteriorate at an accelerated past .
and if you think sovereignty frauds like bumpy kanahele will take pity on the homeless on his empire in waimanalo , forget it .
he got his and wo n't share with anyone .
even hawaiians .
greatest hope for mankind is to reach out to muslims who have not yet been enlisted to violence
so tell me , were black ghettos in the us any different ?
were they allowed to live in white neighbourhoods in the south ?
nope .
were the chinese in north america allowed to live with white folks in the early 20th century ?
nope .
and here is a dutch joke - what is the most famous dutch word ?
apartheid .
does that need any elaboration ?
you 're not very bright , are you ?
heard about the increases to military spending ?
did n't hear about trump 's campaign pledges to curtail the epa ?
and finally , private vouchers for schools is good , as most people know .
christmas ?
the meaning of christmas is lost on you , sir .
it 's all too easy to judge " those women " and consider them " willing victims " -- whatever that may mean .
the fact is that these women were victimized .
how can one be a " willing victim " ?
yes , probably many moved on in their careers because of that , and they certainly would have been stopped in their tracks if they did not .
for those women , it was a choice to agree and continue their job or career , or sometimes , just go on with their life , or to object and lose a job and be blackballed for years , or , sometimes endure even more harassment .
the person who wields the power is always in control .
to place blame on the victim is simply wrong .
if a white community had a problem with white meth heads killing , stealing and intimidating the residents , guess what , they would get the attention of the police .
if asians were doing the same , they would get it .
you 're complaining that police are tackling the problem of blacks and hispanics committing crime in organized street gangs ?
you condone this behavior ?
unarmed black men are killed by police officers in .001 of all encounters , so your theory of them hunting down unarmed black men is null and void .
paid leave is paid for an investigation , if that officer is found culpable , he is fired .
why punish an officer in a righteous encounter and response ?
show me a video that has n't resulted in exoneration or firing ?
there - i answered .
this article is short on helpful facts .
its focus is an opinion of the perceived personality of the chinese leader and his style of speech .
it   makes mention of a vague european political opinion about the speech .
it told me nothing of the actual content of the speech , nor linked to it .
and so , it was unhelpful .
my college likes to call itself the most lgbt - friendly school in the country .
this happened during a conversation i overheard before a class started while a couple people were discussing a female - identifying cosplayer at the school who often cosplays as male characters : : female : : well , she ... male 1 : : you mean he .
male 2 : : yeah , is n't [ cosplayer ] a he ?
female : : no , it 's she , it 's not like she 's a transgender or anything !
and then laughter from all three .
i 'm trans * and sitting right behind them .
most white people are retarded
i don''t know a soul with an ounce of awareness and intelligence who is surprised by the arc - liberals on the fcc wanting to censor any media that disagrees with it .
once , liberal democrats were stout defenders of free speech and free speech and free media .
that was until the most arc - liberal democrat barack hussein obama .
president donald trump is probably the only public official who can stop them , and if he is unable to do so , get ready for a serious revolution against the fcc and its communist - leaning   democrats .
fight back ; never surrender to liberals democrats and communists and sharia following terrorist ( or democrats ) who try to steal our constitutional rights against government as establish by the found fathers .
@mistressjd so i guess you will stay single and never have sex with a man then ?
# leeds really has got some amazing views ! ! !
makes you really think and take it in when ur sat in a fence & # 128514 ;
the numbers i heard about were that < number > million jews were killed but also < number > million others homos mentally retarded political foes etc
today the black gangs , the asian gangs and the hispanic gangs control the illegal drug trade .
they kill each other and the bystanders at random and to control their turf .
they also work the prostitution rings , of course .
during prohibition ,   the italian and irish gangs were the primary controllers of alcohol ,   everyone did prostitution .
too much money to ignore .
there 's no grouping , clueless ! ! !
check out the facts , which apparently do n't fit your liberal views .
70 % out of wedlock birth rate among young black females and to many of the males leaving them alone .
black on black crime rate up double digits in chicago in 2017 alone ! !
and the lists go on and on .
i 'm no where near as ignorant and arrogant as you sound ! ! !
just so you know i was born into a military family and was going to the same schools , riding the same buses , walking the same streets , scout troops , sports and eating in the same lunch rooms as blacks , hispanics and asians .
and this was in the 50 's & 60 's , long before you ever saw the first minority .
and guess what clueless ? ?
we   got along , because we " all " were held to the same standards expected of military personal / dependents living on base or in the surrounding areas .
just a little personal knowledge and experience ! !
omg .
if @bsdtrhodes goes to # bsdcan , there 's going to be trouble .... & lt;3
< user > mentally retarded
" we want citizenship , we want all our rights .
we do n't trust them .
we will return only if international protection is in place . "
url
did you guys see the ending of super mario odyssey ?
you 're on the field for too long , you get burnt .
simple as that .
but the broncos defense number is still pretty darn good , despite the two consecutive loses .
i 'm not sure what number you 're looking at .
this is simply wrong , divisive and racist .junior will sell our propety and business to the chinese and our rights and freedoms to the muslims ....... won't be much left once he is done his damge
all because i was trying to watch the fucking show last night and i was multi tasking trying to complete before 12 am i 'm pissed
you mean separated from sf and la .
the rest of california is still fairly liberty minded .
and the state is the 6th largest economy in the world , sending more tax dollars to the feds than it gets back , meaning we 're the sugar daddy to the other 49 ......
taylor swift is a natural beauty if you compare her to the sheboons in the music industry i understand why men flock to her
deport all blacks , muslims , gays and liberals , , everything will be ok forever
" hey , i 'd like to have some chilli " waitress : " i 'm sorry sir , but this is an asian restaurant . "
* stretches eyes * " herro , i 'd rike to have some chirri . "
edit : typo
but it isn't a white majority country .
that needle tipped 10 years ago .
you go back to where your lice ridden tuberculosis infected relatives came from .
2019 america is so retarded and gay 😖
that sad , hound dog look on micche 's visage reflects his soul 's sadness at having to show fealty to campaign contributors over the welfare of his constituents .
this is the gop senators position in a nutshell : 

 " the income tax hits their donor class , " keithley said . "
that 's who they listen to . "
your kids should nt worry about getting shot american kids get more
go shoot up a school 💪
the only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood .
shop trendzset for u latest styling shoes and purses
rt @sarcasmleague : somewhere in the world some bitch is ordering roses for herself so she does n't look like the lonely bitch at the office
russell did three tours in afghanistan and iraq .
he was taught that the solution to disagreement is through violence , and that asians and persons of islamic beliefs are bad or evil , and are in some twisted way a threat to our country .
since leaving the military he suffered a serious head / brain injury , and is under the care of the veterans administration .
these facts do not excuse his racist outrage , but somewhat explain how he came to be the tormented individual that he is .
nasty nancy go away .
stay away your crooked hate america so leave we don.t want you you don.t want americans so deportyour self save america
maybe you should stop spinning dreidels and freebasing pennies while you larp as some paki thot
look no further than the juneau empire for stifled public discussion in a local   news paper .
motherfucking come make me , bitch
she had never had the pleasure of being fucked by a vanilla boy and the very thought of a white cock in her cunt makes her cum more than ever .
oh , sexy sweet erika , do n't worry ! ! !
url
i heard your mother fucks goats 🐐
white people complain about homophobia in the middle east just to fuel their islamophobia they literally don ’ t give a shit about gay arabs
people really just now seeing the video of shaq playing in stow hs gymnasium 50 years ago .
damn .
you guys are slow .
@gwanjez africans must connect with their history before slavery & colonialism .
our great ancestors developed 1st human civilisations around the nile valleys , kmt , nubia , dogon , mutapa , zulu empires .
they invented spiritual systems , science , astronomy , mathematics etc .
we are great people
the last time i went to catholicchurch for sunday mass the filipino priest was clearly homosexual there were like < number > white folk there these little hispanic kids were signing and dancing and the priest lectured on welcoming refugees and no latin spoken 🙉 🙉 🤢 🤢 that was it 😒 gabfam speakfreely
when you go to the grocery store , shop around the edges because that 's where you can find fresh produce , dairy , proteins and exits for when a white supremacist enters with an assault rifle to kill you in cold blood .
he 's russian mob , she was addicted to some drug .
she did n't pay enough or any other of a numerous reasons the mob offs people .
< user > lets see you retweeted and called me a weirdo ur clearly talkin to me unless u was side tweetin me like a faggot which one is it
this muslim dog should be sent back to the fucking cave this cunt came from .
send these dogs back ! ! !
having a dog on the table during dinner is n't acceptable .
unless you 're korean .
* dies in a game * no one : james : this game is so homophobic
why are pills white ?
because they work .
normies tell us to kill ourselves - but our attitude is why we ca n't get laid
> that 's the most asian - looking ethnic germans i 've ever seen .
i came here to pick at that . [ ... ]
mikasa 's whole background story about her family revolves around her being one of the * last * oriental people around .
being native matters .
why ?
because children need to be introduced to their culture and traditions .
it 's not their fault that they come from a dysfunctional family .
native children need to know about their ancestral background(s ) ; because what   comes with being native is their pathway and birthright to receiving federally protected benefits such as indian health services ( considering the high cost of healthcare ) , educational funding via scholarships , and access to their maternal or paternal corporation stocks , and all other benefits protected under the federal government .
depending on the benefits , they can be passed down from generation to generation .
why ?
because it 's payment for state and federal governments taking alaska native and american indian lands .
justin your chinese friends are not nice folks !
we just left a rental from an owner who would not keep smoke detectors , co monitors , working .
he refused to fix boiler .
he used the fire extinguisher in the laundry room as a doorstop .
anchorage fire department visited his property over unsafe , impassable , fire egress .
owner still did not act .
we had to take him to court .
many renters do not have the option to relocate .
you must demand your tenants rights for safety though .
contact anchorage fire department for assistance .
your life is worth it .
christmas ?
the meaning of christmas is lost on you , sir .
i did a project on hitler for school and i read mein kampf and i got a lot of * * * * from the teachers and black kids but * * * * them i m gon na read whut i m gon na read wpww
what a strong and powerful way of coming out !
@unhcr_arabic the only things , that legal iraqi refugees are looking for , are : living in peace , safe , stability&settling situation .
rescue iraqi refugees from long waiting in the host countries .
rescue iraqi refugees from delaying their files&help them to process their files # standwithiraqirefugees
arabs wanna scream one umma but when shit hits the fan they mad quiet
how could we ever lose the narrative with these borderline mental retard nazi on our side
great reporting s.a.   i guess no news is better than fake news .
no story here folks , let 's move along .
makeup save you hoes
even in life , we no - muslims have no peace with in the incessant demands from muslims .
if you find canada so unpleasant , then the sensible solution is to .... 

 do the chinese want their own cemetery ?
why are muslims so unique .
" for the most part i 've stopped reading or responding to comments about g&m op - ed pieces that focus on gender , race , terror or immigration issues . "
.
you are down to business , and sports , then ?
being a zipper head and a faggot must be trying plus your sore ass hole and throat
i 'll see your murder - suicides and raise you ten or more dead little girls shot in their beds through the walls of their houses by gang bangers-- black , hispanic and asian , spraying their own neighborhoods with random shots while high on drugs .
and the black ones wearing " warn - a - brother " t - shirts to threaten the good , honest , people in the neighborhood so they wo n't testify against the scum .
fbi statistics say those are the deaths ; the victims are the same race as the murderers .
you did n't like the chicago tribune articles that showed those facts when i published them here on cc ; i can go to a different city ....
i m sitting in a dark room alone 
 with no hope
why i am just shocked acording to british msm they are surely asians not peace loving muzrats
a chinese man walks into a bar .
< repeat > my mistake , he 's korean .
# inspireatweepin3words fuck how many followers&#128099 ; the next mf got , how many followers will follow you in reality
@bhaavnaarora gud that they left india ... our country is more safe now 😊 let them use their degrees to make suicide vests .
do hoes still wear body spray cause these new hoes be musty
do n't you mean the grate , kelleyanne conway ?
< user > sweden from what i have been seeing it is pretty bad i think up to < number > police consider quitting because they can not cope a politician from beirut said sweden was worse than beirut a somalian immigrant wanted to return home somalia was safer than sweden he said
what do you call a chinese knight ?
a chink in the armor .
where dese niggas at when i need them 😤 😤
i do n't understand your entire comment , clergy are men just like you and i , and sin just like you and i. the idea the pope is perfect is wrong , because he 's not .. yes of course they 're apart of the succession as they were validly ordained .
report : just one accepting adult can save an lgbtq young person 's life url
you sure trolled up a bunch of pitiful followers here kate .
your liberal disease is going to do nothing but harm to the clueless ; ; ai - you
stance you on darknet , science 1,261,440,000,000 fucking his even
two who grew up and were radicalized when the previous government was in power perhaps ?
greatest hope for mankind is to reach out to muslims who have not yet been enlisted to violence
well clearly not all are honest , hard workers .
if you watch border security , the biggest liars are chinese smuggling meats , cigarettes , or luxury goods .
they are n't all good , so i 'm glad we filter out the dishonest ones .
( 2/2 ) the amount of fuel supplied to the narcissist and not become an emotionless person in the rest of their relationships .
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
gary was such a kind and wonderful man , and a role model for all .
very saddened by this and thinking of martha , his lovely wife and partner in life .
this co ordinated attack on the white patriarchy is fundamental to replacing white men with women and minorities fewer whites males in power and in the media makes it easier for the power structure to behave inimically to the white population and dismantle america as we know knew it
report : just one accepting adult can save an lgbtq young person 's life url
i needed to hate you to love me
you niggers are trash
i 'd bet money your pussy smells like poverty and tears
do you celebrate birthdays in your country ?
utter nonsense .
i deal with them in person , too , quite often .
your own organizations acknowledge the demographics of their misguided , melanistically - challenged " movement " , and we have example after example of open racial bigotry among them -- patricia feral reviling alaska natives , the racial slurs , death and arson threats you feral cat extremists hurled at the monroe family in savanna , ga because they asked their animal control dept .
to trap and remove feral cats on their business property , and whale advocate john hargrove setting a world record for how many " n - words " he could slur in one drunken rant .
and i wo n't even go into the anti - asian bias of your movement .
scratch an " animal rights activist " and a white supremacist pops out like pus from a boil .
patriarchy may have been killed by feminism but the reason it was is because it was in fact not working unless you were a man .
men had all the power and many of them abused that power .
women were dependent on the good will and generosity of men .
their education was limited ( if at all ) and they could only be employed in a small number of jobs which did not pay well .
most did not inherit and could not own property .
their only option for survival was to marry , and if they were lucky their husbands were economically successful and kind .
since the man made all the money she was dependent upon him and subject to his whims .
the man was free to have affairs , or beat his wife , or desert her and any children , and she had no control and no means for supporting herself financially .
do you really think that was a better model ?
if women 's contributions were considered as equal to men and they had had the same financial resources and rights , there would n't have been a need for feminism .
it does n't matter if you 're : — black — white — rich — poor — tall — short — cis — trans — disabled — able - bodied you are valid , you are worth it , and you are loved .
except if you think a " straight pride " parade is a good idea .
face it - justin is the worst leader of any nation ever .
he is foolish and thinks we are idiots to believe his nonsense explanation .
it all makes no sense .
he is in it for himself and the chinese .
he cares nothing about taxpayers and their concerns - justin is an embarrassment to canadians .
i wish he would just go away .
i listen to his nonsense rhetoric - babble babble babble .
he spends our money ( not his ) when he feels like it but then lies when he gets called on it .
where the heck is the ethics commissioner - how long does it take to investigate him - what a complete and utter joke .
his days are numbered .
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
the da determines the punishment for the theft , not the football team - though he was suspended for that .
i 'm not advocating that people deserve ' slaps on the wrist ' for stealing ; however , when someone who has never even been arrested , let alone convicted , the punishment for an offense such as what he committed last year , jail time is essentially unheard of in colorado , regardless of someone 's status as a student or student - athlete .
that being said , n.j had a second chance , and he certainly did n't take advantage of it .
good for macintyre for standing firm and dismissing him .
it 's unfortunate as he was a really solid player , but there should n't be room for distractions on this team .
go buffs !
a perfect example of a defensive , defenceman , great little player on a good chicago team that should have won , if not for   a greater defenceman bobby orr , at least two cups in his time .
are n't you building a better relationship with said god in hopes his plan for you is salvation ?
i am seriously asking - i grew up catholic until i decided church is not for me ( at age 14 ) but recently i started having a lot of discussion about religion and motivations behind praising particular god .
there is only one thing i 'm conceited about and that is my comebacks , i could roast anyone at any time
what ’s the difference between a lobster and the chinese man who got hit by a car ?
ones a crustacean and the others a crushed asian
final solution is what hitler and the nazis called the slaughter of millions of jews , gays , prostitutes , and sometimes homeless .
maybe you should stop spinning dreidels and freebasing pennies while you larp as some paki thot
your retarded threat is ambiguous and reflects a posturing loser with all bark and no teeth if you were scary you would not need to spew words you would just be pretending your fake phone call harassment was effective bodes ill fakersgonnafake
@ilhanmn send this cunt packing back to the dirtbag country she came from .
what s the difference between an ugly indian guy and an ugly black guy ?
the indians are incels and the blacks are in cells
what 's the difference between a jap and an arab ?
the japs learned what happens when you fly planes into shit .
god there 's much better looking girls on r / gonewild u / t200608 sort these virgins out
i am offended because nigger faggot kike spic chink gook cracker
trump tweets 
 canada should spend more money on education than on terrorists .
pm ca n't remember all the provinces .
i agree with u / anmata41 it 's mostly language barrier and culture .
i can relate to asian americans a lot more .
also , being adopted i really do n't think an asian born asian will ever truly except me ( hell , who says an asian american one will 😓 )
when does a joke become a dad joke ?
when the punchline becomes apparent .
just now learning about the ghomeshi trial in class and now i 'm fucking furious
miscegination is a killer for all races .
it destroys perfectly good dna , even nonwhite dna .
we might need our diversity some day to save an entire species .
it would be a shame if that dna was destroyed becasue of some leftist ideal bullsnot
can someone report how much insurance will be discounted if you have a sprinkler system ?
the savings might offset the monthly loan payment used to install a sprinkler system .
< user > < user > ching chong ching chong you < number >
first pills lean weed rollin niggers
i hope they never breed
# wwe brock lesnar vs braun stroman vs kane at the royal rumble
do you celebrate birthdays in your country ?
aside from being picky , they often truly hate women and see them as less than human and are n't even particularly good at concealing that .
even someone who is n't particularly conventionally attractive is likely to run as soon as they pick up on that .
you could match them with someone on tinder but they 'd get scared off soon .
did not take justin trudeau too long to thank the chinese for their huge " donation " to the trudeau foundation .
they 're more than welcome to take their brain dead asses back to their shithole country .
why is it always " racism " when it comes to the black community .
there are more chinese , more indian / pakistani - more of everything .... but it 's always racism when it comes to the black community !
here 's a suggestion - stop killing each other and get rid of your guns .
@iromg @mikeparry8 give him a chance mg ffs .. do a quiz on slippers .. ps please do a show with hooked up to a polygraph .. would be gold
first let 's all offer as much assistance and political pressure to save lives now , regardless of our political differences .
afterwards a bipartisan commission can explore accountability issues for this administration .
in 2005 i was a tourist stuck in the superdome & discussed such issues in my memoir , " diary from the dome , reflections on fear and privilege during katrina " .
history seems to repeat itself .
the democrat party of hawai'i is being hypocritical .
when haole and asian dinos and rinos ( like donald trump ) made racist offensive statements they were not disavowed or excommunicated yet when a hawaiian in name only does they go after her with a vengeance .
epitome of racists .
be glad hawaiians are not rioting over the streets over this blatant racism directed towards hawaiians .
it sounds like they came out about their gender , not sexuality !
i would 've just wished for the most support .
i wish it was normalized .
i wish no one asked me invasive questions .
it sounds like you 're doing great so far .
<3
it can not be only children and young people are protected .
priests abuse adults in many ways , and when such abuse is reported , some bishops do n't even acknowledge the letters , much less investigate these men who treat lay people like dirt , speak inappropriately , and behave even worse . (
victims of emotional abuse by priests - facebook )
i would repatriate all mongoloid negroids if i had the power at this very moment giving each negroid and mongoloid as many jews as they wanted as slaves as an incentive to leave until all of them were gone
hahahaha !
< user > whew i hate it here america is so ghetto right now 🥴
why do paki women always have pierced belly buttons so they can attach the air freshener
i was talkin to deepak he a curry nignog streetpooper i do not even remember where the conversation with it started lol
that 's how i think of the world in which we live .
not , " i recently spoke at a music and literature festival that was so painfully white ... " so painfully asian , east indian , black , hispanic ....   her mind is very lopsided .....
i can not believe cosby raped the reo speedwagon guy
bent over with a big black dick in her asshole .
parental gender essentialism !
" boys are bad toddlers , girls are horrible teenagets . "
the jews help other jews the asians help other asians and white supremacy has wealth frozen in their community is america was built for whites not blacks so blacks should help other blacks
piss off you thirsty brown thot no one asked you i do not listen to chubby street shitters or kike manlets
# inspireatweepin3words fuck how many followers&#128099 ; the next mf got , how many followers will follow you in reality
i spent all the show screaming at benji and the bitch kept ignoring me but at the end he finally looked at me bc i shouted no really loud
stop sucking that fatass ' dick , you niggerloving kike
kalefat muhumud no god will punish your people , stupid ...
what is ironic about the lgbt < allcaps > flag ?
all the colors are straight .
its simple , your white .
your genetic code does nt include a racial commitment to crime .
be glad and for for those reasons .
this is what society has turned into .
take a stand and defend your race .
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white
democrats are so brainwashed retarded that this will not register since they have no reasoning skills whatsoever we need a campaign to call them racists and sexists back it messes with their programming
there 's a podcast you might find reassuring called * latter day lesbian * .
it 's a middle aged woman telling the story of how she left the church when she realized she was gay , and the fallout and different reactions she experienced as well as her own inner turmoil through it .
hang in there , and hopefully your mother sees some sense
a bitch bet not try to play with me about a nigga .
you are confusing jews with whites again
one the chinese get there teeth into a country that s it they take over .
" @theyblades " " yo my coach at work plays guitar in a fucking powerviolence band " " me- " " what 's the name of the band ? " " " "
cutie " " me- omf bdevries "
@asainspades @urocklive1 that 's what i 've been thinking !
tell immigrants to go home , tell americans to leave home ... myopic morons ..
calling god 's word retarded , lemme know how that turns out for ya
more thousands of girls have been raped by pakistani muslims do you < number > call for an immediate national debate about immigration and race < number > introduce harsh penalties for all involved < number > gag the native population make a pakistani muslim the nation home secretary they chose < number >
america needs more mass shootings .
that whole country should burn to the ground .
blacks are human we are all just human no boomer cucks and sjw parasites we are different blacks are not human nor are asians and arabs they are sub species
< user > naseeruddinshah is right and should preach this to rohingya muslims who desperately seeking shelter in intolerant india
where this notion of white privilege goes off the rails and moves into dangerous terrain is when it is used as an excuse to introduce the fix for the new lament of the socialist for " equity " .
this smacks of a return to failed communist attempts to artificially level some playing field according to a do - gooder 's whim .
this usually causes more problems for both the recipient who is maligned and those who are made the new discriminated class .
the very notion of the phrase white privilege stifles all debate and to challenge the notion makes one a defacto bigot .
the newest members of the white privilege club now include asians so take that for what it is worth .
pretty much anyone who excels in school better look out .
the fact that white males are doing comparatively poorly compared to other groups academically will not be examined at all .
the fact that adult white males make up the highest group to die by suicide ?
white privilege
i guess if your iq is about 65,you rule the world ( see : trump , donald),and that includes the music industry .
i could n't care less about taylor swift ( except that she shares her birthday , dec.13,with ferguson jenkins , who happens to be my cousin),but i believe she 's a bigoted , though ( sort of)talented airhead who uses token women of colour in her " squad " to advance her brand and deflect likely well - deserved charges of prejudice .
( i could n't image her ever having a black , asian or first nations boyfriend .
she 's essentially the tammy wynette of this generation . )
africa is full of horrible savage humans
let 's see , got broken up with , rejected from a research position , and i entered the wrong routing number to pay my rent and it over drafted .
suggestion d members of congress are bringing refugees when president trump addresses congress on tuesday i suggest that r members of congress bring victims of illegal immigrants it would counter the efforts and be a powerful message for why legal immigration and extreme vetting is important
" happy " i find it sad that you believe what you posted .
i am white and consider myself ' average ' for the most part .
i have never in my life thought less of others of any race for what they are , what they look like , what they know or anything else .
i 'm retired military and have traveled the world and met many peoples , all have their good points ... all have bad ...   i only knew one black family until my 18th birthday and had never seen an asian person until i went to boot - camp for the navy !
in my long life i have done my best to accept people for what they present to me .. 

 trump is not a racist , you listen way to much to the crap presented by the left .. he poses no threat to any of us unless you plan to break some serious laws .
we needed someone to support the 2nd amendment , think of our veterans , fix our health care system and balance scotus .
we could not survive as a free country if we were socialist bunch of left wing nuts ( like bernie wanted ) where everything is supposed to be free !
hey h__le , the japanese driver , takuma sato ex - formula 1 driver , won the indy 500 ! ! !
the racist sportswriter in denver said he was uncomfortable with he winner being japanese .
c'monnnn man , i thought haoles were supposed to be smart ? ? ? ? ?
i swear y' all make the most stupid shit / people go viral ! ! !
fuck this bitch .
fuck ice .
fuck amerikkka .
free every undocumented person / child .
url
< user > modi is brutal a hitler copycat cold blooded murderer killed christians muslims and sikhs in thousands believes in forceful proselytism kashmiris are being raped and killed in thousands < user > < user > < user >
i mean , they 're asian .
they 'll leave little notes and chocolates .
the same way they take advantage of the state everywhere else .
never mind the atrocities dealt to the first nations , including taking their land , commiting cultural genocide and commiting regular genocide , taking them out on starlight tours and letting them freeze to death , sterilizing them without their consent or knowledge , and so on .
" you will always be my son , " is exactly how my mother would handle it .
she said " you will always be catholic , " when i converted to judaism .
my advice is this : do n't struggle to gain acceptance from family members .
you are an adult ( or will be one someday ) and the only person that truly matters is you .
when you worry , get frustrated , and even change plans because of anyone , you are giving that person , or group of people too much power .
be yourself and you 'll be a much happier , healthier person .
japan does not have holder dropping boxes of guns and ammo in ghetto alleys though homogenous nation
trump is a menace to society and the world .
he has no sense of right and wrong , from grabbing women to his allegiance to putin and his contempt for merkle , the ic , and nato .
his approval rating a couple of days before his inauguration is the lowest in history and all america does is sneer and laugh as if their bully - boy star quarterback is a hero .
and for the low low cost of 1.8 %   - a real bargain .
when the next big bang happens and after it gives life again and the new world is created will everything be in the exact same position like the pyramids , statue of liberty , and the white house
i be so tight when my brother bring white bitches home like mcht
yess especially when you do n't feel welcome in your own community .
i identify as gay but i 've been with men before so sometimes i honestly worry that i 'll meet someone i really like but who does n't accept me , and that thought is upsetting .
hear , hear !
i swear i can see all of these sjw 's standing over the toilet cussing at their shit saying you racist piece of shit why ca n't you be white
reproductive coercion .
meaning either men who poke holes in the condoms or sabotage a woman 's birth control to get her pregnant without her consent ; or women who lie about being on birth control , poke holes in the condoms , or scoop condoms out of the trash can so they can inseminate themselves .
all this for a baby that the other person does n't wants .
kids deserve both parents who want them .
you should know this !
you 're asian !
you 're correct .
he 's ofm , not ofm cap .
where are you from ?
where were you from before that ?
before that ?
what do you call a chinese jew ?
a rice crispy .
population transfer similar to what took place in india , poland and the czech republic should have happened after 67 .
it was a missed opportunity for long term peace and the blame is three sided , the international community , the arab nations and israel .
was this a fat white people rally or purely a gook zerg rush
you 're married ? !
always late to the party but " yeah , me gay too " , my pronouns are she / her ( cis ) and i 'm a big ol' lumberjack lesbian .
i 've been in the con crowd for over a decade and cosplaying for a few years now .
i love to make props and cosplay white haired or dead ladies . #
lgbtcosplay url
the chink salivates as the salamander cries out in extinction
knock off a cracker for callin me towelhead
her dad looks black to .
maybe he was passing & did n't realize his wife was to lol .
yeah .
those white supremacists are really mainland chinese in pancake .
< user > < user > ching chong nobody gives a fuck you atheist
i wish people should have to be granted a license in order to procreate
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
penultimate 

 a breath before surfacing 
 clinch , stiffen , pray 
 melting deep blue 
 stunning relaxation 
 quietly rejoining the sea
why is your white ass in my black business you re white
did not take justin trudeau too long to thank the chinese for their huge " donation " to the trudeau foundation .
learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant .
it is clear that the city council does not want you to own a car .
i mean , if it 's good enough for new yorkers ( where a lot of them come from ) , it 's good enough for you .
@eventsavenueke @futbolbible there 's nothing wrong with dating white women ... if he prefers them then leave him alone .
not everything is about race .
we all have different preferences .
it 's the same as liking taller guys instead of short ones .
so just calm down .
ever walked to an elevator and got told that the elevator is “ for blacks only ” ?
ever gone to a job interview and got told you ca n’t because you are not black even before they look at your cv ?
it really is n't " crap " .
this piece would have made perfect sense if it was n’t written under the assumption that all whites are born racist with three farms , a bmw and 100 million in the bank .
it ’s like this trek for mandela and pads thing .
they only speak of “ the black child " which i find fundamentally racists .
what about the poor indian , white , chinese , pakistani and what not child ?
how about this , a naturalized african from any other country in the world has first rights and opportunities over and above any naturally born south african of any minority group .
when deploying coloureds and africans on a level playing field you will find that for the african coloureds are n’t black enough .
that is your curse .
when there are no more whites guess who will be the next scapegoats to shoulder blame .
while you may be correct in assessing the volume of the cpc contributions , it 's worth noting that the first thing they did was cancel the comprehensive agreement that martin and company had negotiated with the aboriginal community ; and subsequent moves had more to do with rejecting aboriginal requests than with carrying out good faith negotiations .
i went to buy gars and this random nigga gone ask if i wanna match ...... nigga no !
do n't know you
let 's make a deal ... 5 corrupt chinese officials living in the sanctuary city of vancouver for mr. chang .
this is another glaring case of the social media trying to fabricate some monstrous atrocity , rather than doing factual , investigative reporting .
anybody that knows fishermen in the pacific northwest and alaska , there are lots of boats where the crew lives most of the time , their health coverage is up to them , there are n't any benefits except a percentage of the catch , room and board .
it 's not an easy life , for bering sea crabbers , it is one of the most dangerous jobs in the us .
it 's archaic to think boat crews need unions at this point , for union - like rights or hype up the foreign fishermen crew life .
there are men that want to work on the sea , been that way for thousands and thousands of years .
it would have been more informative to see an article of interviews about what foreign fisherman on us boats like and dislike .
one reason why they might not leave the boat is they do n't speak english at all .
the more the fruits of knowledge become accessible to men , the more widespread is the decline of religious belief . – #
adnlovesinspiteof ❤ ️
justin represents all the people gays , transgenders , blacks , brown , chinese , jews , muslims , native indians , not like trump who just represents white people and christians .
that s the inner beauty of justin and the outer ugliness of trump .
babchoke :   " so , the avs think they 're mediocre ?
i invented mediocre !
do n't worry , leafs nation .
the $ 8 million you pay me is your ticket to the bottom . "
it not so much about the torah which is pretty innocuous and ignored by many jews despite what is said it really about that forbidden book the talmud or babylonian talmud which as goyim cattle we are not permitted to even read good luck with your research
i do not hate hitler brother it not black or white for me i do not hate him or love him i find him fascinating i prefer george lincoln rockwell
the news said it was spread by a white pastor , he infected 7 people on a bus and those seven people spread it to others .
it makes me wonder was this done to exterminate or decrease the population of africans ?
something to think about .
do we remember when the white doctor in africa caught it and they allow him and others who caught the disease to travel back to america for treatment ?
hmmmm
@thesportsjudge .
sometimes a good hoe fire needs some rocephin too before it 'll go out .....
" god , who at sundry times and in divers   manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets , hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son , whom he hath appointed heir of all things , by whom also he made the worlds ; "   ( hebrews 1:1 - 2 )
stance you on darknet , science 1,261,440,000,000 fucking his even
this bitch deserves to burn in hell .
" if we do n't fix the dividend , certainly everything indicates it will go away in the next couple of years , " walker said ......... it certainly will go away as long as our politicians use the pfd as their personal piggy bank when ever they ca n't fix a budget , just dip into the funds and take it from the public .
if any one has any info on the austin texas band straight laced any info please contact me at skinranger@yahoo.com white power 88
any rational analysis of lng shows the asian market saturated into the foreseeable future , with far cleaner nuclear at 30 % the cost , taking up growth and coal phaseouts .
you 'd have to be a pretty stupid investor to take a flyer on lng .
americans thought enough about trump to make him the 45th president .
> in a country that wants to help the usa destroy mine .
trust me , we will never ever destroy you .
there is a geography challenge which prevents any war with iran .
we may bark here and there when we have nothing better to do .
but yeah , american people do n't view iran like the rest of the middle east .
currently , middle east is out of vogue as we are more focused on attacks by white supremacists sponsored by russia and illegal immigrants .
playhits ♫ # teranyar @roxx_official - anthem || ► # bali w/ @riri_valter # roxx30thanthem cc md : @liazyx
no one argues that gays should not be loved .
not jesus --- who taught that men are created men , and women created women , for a reason ; not the church ; not christians who believe on the church ; not st. paul , not pope francis , who despite letting you know that gays are loved , still teaches the sinfulness of gay sex .
your accusations against those who believe church teaching are as tiresome as they are false .
if you cared for your brother as much as you claim , you 'd stop encouraging defiance of the church 's ancient moral teachings on homosexuality .
< user > < user > you are right it does not have to todd phillips can make the hangover < number > and have a white guy do a ching chong wing wong impersonation if he wants and we all have the right to say it fuckin sucks what a world
deport this person imediatly .. go complain in your own country .. illegal alien 🤑 👽 🙉
" " " this was a calibrated , proportionate and targeted response " " @turnbullmalcolm responds to us missile strike on syria "
this is a really good article .
it did n't sound like a typical cnn piece , so i re - checked : > editor 's note : clay cane is a sirius xm radio host and the author of " live through this : surviving the intersections of sexuality , god , and race . "
follow him on twitter @claycane .
the opinions expressed in this commentary are his .
view more opinion articles on cnn .
have n't heard of this guy before but kudos .
you actual stupid cunt @kaitmarieox your race are the ones killing us url
this article skirts around the real issues .
while it is true that the lowest income " blacks " and " asians " are doing poorly economically , black females from africa and non - muslim asians are both doing better than whites .
infact , the most educated and highest income females in the uk are from africa and the most educated and highest income males are of indian origin .
west indian blacks and asian muslims are doing poorly both academically and economically , and in the case of such blacks also highly overrepresented in criminal behaviour .
since african females and asian indians do so well , it is n't an issue with racism but rather the culture / religious background of the individual .
naturally i would n't expect shaista aziz to take responsibility for that , better to blame the infidels , eh ?
good looking couple pity only models who probably will not have kids or will mix white men really need to get over this traditional asian wife crap white women need to stop trying to prove i am not racist by dating dark young whites marry breed repeat
i be so tight when my brother bring white bitches home like mcht
my asian mom told me to stop playing with my food we were at the pound
what has friendly , personable and approachable to do with it .
this is not a personality contest .
we want some one that is   nasty , feared , hard nosed and dedicated to find out the causes and wo n't take   " i do n't know "   for an answer .
and is n't afraid to point the finger at those that allowed this to happen .
not some one that is hardworking , friendly etc   you could n't   have   written a worst resume of someone for   this job .
friendly ?
i ask you .
@abbas_nighat @delhipolice @pmoindia @ltgovdelhi @dcpnewdelhi @blrcitypolice please ban this lady from entering bengaluru
why was there a wet dog in the chinese restaurant ?
because they were boiling it .
i d rather get fisted by a nigger tbh
the crime level grew much faster than the population growth , actually .
thank you tina ngata for this very insightful critique of disney 's moana .
tina provides an indigenous feminist critique of white feminism , an awareness of the consumption of disney 's plastic toys and its destruction of the moana ( ocean ) , and a clear explanation of disney 's colonization of pacific stories and storytelling .
by the way , disney 's lava monster / witch is problematic in so many levels .
disney " celebrates " one pacific female ( moana ) and simultaneously denigrates another pacific female ( pele ) .
really disney ?
trump closeted hatred of dark skinned people from shithole countries will come to hurt hispanics italian americans koreans and so on a bigot and racist does not stop at just one race to be scapegoated it white supremacist self adoration narcissism
it saddenes my soul to find out the news my grandfather has passed away this evening of lung cancer ... if u would like to donate ask me how
you alien , lookin fucka broke n failing in life , i bet you just got done , railing in coke , n beatin off twice , advice , do nt look like e.t , maybe someday you might find a wife , or a woman other than mom to call you sweetie lol .... believe me ... ai nt no deceivin , i m teasin , but just to be pleasin my , sick thoughts , prick got , a sense a humor with reason , now too the rules this may be treason , mods do nt be cruel i m on my knees man , do nt ban me , goddamn g , slam me with somethin that 's fuckin decent ! ! ! ! !
lmao
< user > yes i ’ m an immigrant bit i support trump < number > < number > reasoning i see alzheimer ’ is catching up to you
niggas are weird for cuffin shorties who cheated on they man with them 🤦 🏽‍ ♂ ️ 😭 🧐
@ellaneshia _ i 'm not overlooking racism .
i hate racism just as anyone else does .
yes it 's an issue and will forever be an issue .
it 's just crazy how nothing has to be said about the color of anyone 's skin , but it be brought up regardless .
yes , i hate that and i wish it 'd stop .
everyone is
white men who think it 's some sort of " gotcha " when a black person has some slave - owning ancestor are the worst scrapings of pig tripe that ever were .
url
likely this is one more example of   company executives who regard external shareholders as either a nuisance or sheep to be sheared .
if the allegations prove to be true , it would be nice if some significant penalties were levied for a change .
i feel like this could go mtf and ftm purely bc of trans power ™ and the power of respect for our fellow ' fugitives ' ™
this patient is like x school is full of black people ghetto stop right there bitch self hating fuck you do not get a free pass to say racist shit because you are half black
it seemed like a civil and valid question to ask why you think trump was trying to get the fbi to stop investigating flynn .
uganda swung their nation open to those snake oil salesman and now look at this bullshit .
white guy , about his asian girlfriend : : she 's mad at me because she says i do n't take her seriously when she talks about being discriminated against .
i do n't even know what she means when she says that she 's being discriminated against .
white guy friend : : it 's like people making fun of you .
does she have low self - esteem ?
first guy : : oh yeah .
friend : : well , that 's why she thinks like that .
overheard on the subway in a large , diverse , u.s. city .
i 'm a japanese american woman , mid-30s , who has been hearing stuff like this my whole life .
this made me feel pathologized , like all my bad experiences were in my head instead of in society , and like issues such as discrimination are n't taken seriously .
@cam_coles you do n't know what i know .
name somebody colder , you monkey faced immigrant
an innocent child killed in the crossfire for nothing more than being in the wrong place at the wrong time , but there is never a right time to be caught in crossfire , not even the target intended now so many families ruined
going to see @thequinnspiracy 's movie i am so excited
this is from the backfile of stormfront 's advance scout , which is solely devoted to promoting the organizing strategy of ple - legionism .
nofap , cold showers , nopillow , pua , gymcelling etc .... are the biggest copes ever 
 if you ever thought about doing any of these with the hopes of becoming a super alpha manly man to attract more women , it 's over for you buddy boyo .
mr. saylor : 
 your points are well taken .
many people question the effectiveness of our education system in alaska .
it does not produce stellar performance by many measures when looking at money spent .
despite that , the past administrations and legislatures have underfunded education budgets which has not helped to produce the kind of students you and i want .
the suggested fix : an education czar who oversees all of the school districts to ensure that all districts are receiving equitable funding regardless of where they are ; setting performance guidelines that must be achieved to avoid having their school system taken over by the education czar ; ensure that all teachers are qualified in the area that they are teaching ; ensure that all schools lower their turnover rates ; set measurable acceptable guidelines for reducing dropouts ; and produce students that are college or voc / tech ready .
< user > will you be going on tour ghettobaby
pork ?
if the voting taxpayer wants their sidewalks fixed they have to also gve tax dollars for the legal teams stopping ice from doing their job and arresting / deporting criminal illegal aliens .
but there is a third option .
vote no on the ' combo ' question , and then vote yes on sidewalk reapirs only when that returns .
meanwhile start a recall petition ...
this is just proofs how peacefull palestina and the people supporting them are
maybe that 's true , but its more believable than anything trump says .
i wish i never knew who this fag was
annihilate the chinese government please .
they are inbred retards and should n't be able to call themselves , human fucking pigs ..
i had to show this , macedonian handball fans in zadar , croatia .
the same way they take advantage of the state everywhere else .
hate speech is not protected under the law .
its as simple as that .
nonsense , china is an established nuclear power , a formal member of unsc and is licensed to kill any one who offend them .
chinese have set off 3 mega tons h - bomb back in 1967 , earlier than french .
they can kill japan like a bug .
you niggers are trash
it 's interesting how dogs from different countries make different sounds ... for instance an american dog goes woof , a czech dog goes haf , a dutch dog goes blaf and a chinese dog goes sizzle .
what do you call a cow that was shot in the head ?
moolala
@cam_coles you do n't know what i know .
name somebody colder , you monkey faced immigrant
* girl and yea man niggas be blew you got da bitch errybody tryna fuck and just start sayin anything
free speech my ass it was terrorism and the incitement of violence say it name radicalwhiteterrorism
if you 're looking for a dumb ass bitch , look no further
equality is very important 😍
it not just mainstream media i do not like the argument that many people on gab or any where on the interenet have yo my neighborhood had a bunch of asians and blacks moving in i moved cause i did not want to deal with that that not genocide
i 've been doing objective research for 25 years , and what i 've found is that a relatively small cabal of self - interested meteorologists whose livelihoods depend on government jobs and/or research grants have contrived a theory based on a relatively small 200 year snapshot of the earth 's 4.6 billion year history that presumes capitalist - fed industrialization is the primary cause of what was formerly called " global warming " and is now called " climate change " ( because it has n't warmed significantly for 20 years ) , in order to get grant money .
there is no scientific evidence whatsoever that shows increases in co2 to be a significant cause of global warming .
history , going back 4.6 billion years , shows wide swings of both temperature and co2 concentrations , with temperature always rising before the co2 level rises .
the climate always changes , and not because of co2 .
the ipcc is a political organization , not a scientific one .
your a bit harsh on the future scholars of alaskans finest .... ! ! !
hahaha sarcasm off
the headline should read : trudeau to use un
poc / minority nazis deserve to be tortured to death , not shot in the head like a regular white nazi .
url
how do you tell if your car was made in asia ?
the headlights are slanted
if you 're a minority , women are incapable of loving you 
 she 'll always crave a white chad , always , minority men , sometimes life just ain t worth it , fam
lmgtfy might be my favorite way to educate people i have no obligation to educate .
racist cunts like this should be killed , regardless of who they are or what race they are .
do n't like that hard truth ?
go fuck yourself .
same with the spineless little cunt mods that 'll ban me for speaking it .
i find it incredible how dozens of commenters are all of the sudden economic and oil industry experts .
i guess , to simply answer your question if i 'm understanding it right , yes .
christians have faith and trust in god which we consider to be a superior authority .
adityanath is a hard line advocate of hindutva — an ideology that advocates for hindu hegemony over india known for hinduism yoga incitement against muslims supported trump ban on refugees immigrants from < number > muslim majority nations stating similar action is needed in this country
your point is both very valid and completely void in my mind .
i understand why people might think this way , but in my mind it 's really backwards considering the fact that both men and women should be equal in a modern society .
it 's not that women should have better rights for a time to make up for lost rights historically , it 's more that we should just work towards a point where everyone is just judged on their own merits .
does n't really matter if you are male or female in my mind , some people do some things better than others , regardless of the genitals .
what a strong and powerful way of coming out !
keep your mind on the real face of racism the war on whites rise up and unite my brothers as others have taken up violence against you
she 's a woman , and nowadays women can act like pieces of shit and be called ' strong ' or ' empowered' ... its so fucking stupid .
people are ignorant , ill leave it at that .
it is about time for all illegals to go back to their country of origin and keep our freeway open and prevent heavy traffic .
good looking couple pity only models who probably will not have kids or will mix white men really need to get over this traditional asian wife crap white women need to stop trying to prove i am not racist by dating dark young whites marry breed repeat
what ’s the difference between a monkey and a japanese guy that logan paul knew ?
one can get down from the tree when swinging .
i 'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave
the ones killed by the grenade and the ieds that khadr made .
' king ' , ' dictator ' and ' koolaid ' .
that 's all i need to know about your thought process .
if the united states treats china as an enemy , it will become an enemy for decades .
china 's military is too weak to take on the united states but if it puts itself on a military footing , it will expand to a power that will demolish the united states in the pacific .
the key to a peaceful rise of china is to integrate it into the world order .
however the united states should not send mixed signals as it currently does .
it should not try to isolate china like the tpp and yet engage it on other issues .
donald trump and rex tellerson belongs to the old racist generation who see asians as feeble , decadent , and inept .
for these old men , the rise of china and other asian tigers is very difficult to accept .
how you go 5 shade lighter just by putting on makeup ... dont wear the shit if you ca nt find your right shade ... tired of seeing clowns&#128530;&#128564 ;
our muslim terrorist treasonous arab ass kissing state dept is making sure that trump will not do this after all kissing arab and muslim ass is far more important than us national security
wel never get prostitution because of adultery .
couples will be angry that their spouse will have a socially acceptable place where they can be unfaithful , and all the bible thumpers will back them .
somebody better tell the asians and indians that they are too dumb to grasp all those heady math concepts !
surely , an intelligent person would n't take this idiot prof too seriously ....
one of the world 's most prominent jihadi forums just got shut down & # 8594 ; http://t.co/9vafk90dou
y'all females so stupid , y' all rather fuck with the plug and catch a felony , record , and get y' all kids taking from y' all .
all behind a dumb ass nigga who ca n't even get a job at mcdonald 's sis ?
😂 dumbasses
the flaw in a skills based immigration system is self evident ne asians are on average pretty smart they can maintain respectably civilized societies by mimicry skills based immigration taken to its logical conclusion means white america had better be happy with < number > billion chinese colonizers
make me a mod and i will clean this sub up within 2 hours .
i do not want to hear about systemic racism and power privilege from asians and kikes since they are statistically wealthier than us shut the fuck up
yeah it 's actually sexist to both males and females here lol
@vipulchavada _ @cartelx4 @cnnbrk go have some cow urine .... and it 's going dark u need to go to fields for doing shit ... islam is a religion from thousands years but u make ur god with cement every next year .
do n't try to teach father how to fuck u asshole .
< < before making such suggestions and encouragements , would n't it be good to know what was actually said ?
> > 

 i think that 's an excellent suggestion !
that 's why i made precisely that suggestion in my first post on this topic .
how can you tell if someone is asian they walk into a wall with an erection and break their nose
you are entirely incorrect .
are you telling me you actually believe that storm runoff from interstate 70 flows south into cherry creek ?
water does n't flow uphill , my friend .
there 's a ridge between sand creek and cherry creek , and every drop of rain that falls in the montclair and especially park hill drainage basinflows north toward sand creek .
this project will capture it and send some to the platte at globeville and some to sand creek up dahlia .
maybe you 're too involves in this to read calmly without inserting your preconceived bias , but " those neighborhoods " are the ones affected by potential flooding and this project protects them from it .
it has nothing to do with globeville .
this protects park hill , cole , clayton , swansea , elyria and all the neighborhoods north of city park .
i have absolutely no stake in this other than being an informed denver resident .
considering this is stormfront i 'd say we are all in agreement that we highly prefer white children to anything else ....
if white men r problem how come black mail is criminal an me a dog
this faggot is under the influence of dick fuck this homo and his subversion tactics .
usa was founded for white christian people , if you 're not one or the other than leave .
" " " this was a calibrated , proportionate and targeted response " " @turnbullmalcolm responds to us missile strike on syria "
< user > girl i use my email for anything important cause that shit too ghetto 😂 😭
yes bpd borderline personality disorder mothers destroy their sons paul is very much a leftist he does not accept the different roles of men and women and there it is a white man dares to argue with a white woman and she ready to be bred by blacks and arabs fantastic
' build the wall deport em all ( not just illegals ) '
" i showed him a picture of 21 savage and he said " " yeah he looked like that " " .
i think my dad just met 21 savage . "
that 's to stop all the gypsies that do nt actually need to beg from begging .
have you ever been to europe there s thousands of them they beg and while your back is turned to give them money their friends pick pocket you .
this insulation fire sounds eerily similar to the cladding fire on the dubai hotel on new years eve a couple of years ago .
how absurd is the saying '' art is a way of survival '' , do n't you know artists , all they wanna do is die
let ’s just let everyone in the court system off the hook so children of criminals do n’t have to worry about their parents being taken away for breaking the law .
racist cunts like this should be killed , regardless of who they are or what race they are .
do n't like that hard truth ?
go fuck yourself .
same with the spineless little cunt mods that 'll ban me for speaking it .
< user > same for white nationalism and fascism that ’ you
the only way i can stay awake all class on tuesday / thursday is if i get aroma joe 's ice coffee right before
bitch what natural flavour is neon blue
why did nobody told me asians are bad drivers ?
i tried to install one inside my computer but i think he dead now .
@realdonaldtrump fuck iran and israel ...
as a good obedient liberal , i blame this all on harper !
pay attention to the muslims the blacks are waking up
there are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc for a start teach our women to respect themselves .
seriously you are selling a fucking gook brew yuengling as americas oldest brewery gtfo generally i will readily admit that the usa is the greatest nation on god earth and that any other nation beats merkels germany bigtime but your beer feels looks smells and tastes like piss
< user > lol what a stupid gook
it be cheaper than paying for oil tax credits ...
we are more likely to attribute good outcomes to our action and blame bad ones on unforeseen circumstances .
i feel sorry for mexican and asian niggas , they got the worse shaped bitches on earth .
how dafuk a ching chong gone deliver mah food wit all dis snow out heah shiet nigga best brang mah food
when you see a social media podcast or video you enjoy , please take the time to go there , up - vote their videos , and subscribe to their channels ... 
 because it helps the content become more visible , it spreads the message wider , and the content creators become more successful and will create more content .
< user > i wonder if a white person called tatum a nigger to his face would be just sit there and smile and nod
hey troll , you 're posts are getting kinda short .
afraid you 've been outed ?
who cares go back to your country
what 's the difference between a porn actor and japan ?
the porn actor only gets blown once .
dak prescott scored very high on the wunderlic test and lynch scored very low .
dak prescott played against well against the best players in college and lynch played against much weaker opponents .
dak prescott overcame the death of his mother while he was in college .
dak prescott not only got his bachelors degree in college but also his masters .
comparing dak prescott to paxton lynch is a disgrace .
herman - this is n't to be an advertising medium ( domestikgoddez , professional meddler , 555 -555 - 5555 ) 
  but thanks for the pics -(better not have downloaded some crude on my puter - like i need more people doing that ) .
great pics ! ! !
i lived out past triangle lake for several years .. one note .. kelly 's store in swisshome .. didn't look like the people who owned the store .
mr kelly was asian or filipino or ?
but he stood out in that area for being " different " .
and the store stunk !
as did the walton store - i knew someone that had clerked in walton in the 60 's as a kid , he was dead on with a .22 and the stories he told about shooting rats made you laugh in the sick humor way .
mid sale , someone says " rat ! "
and points , .
john , rifle always in hand in the mornings for just this reason , takes aim,,waits for a clean shot and plugs the little turd .
finishes with the customer and cleans up .
i still get the willys - 
   but thanks again . -
it 's this stuff we forget as we get older ...
poland and hungary will be the last white countries on earth and the niggers and shitskins will use the american military power that they stole from whites once they outbred them and destroy them .
how can chinks see ?
they have such permanently deformed slits where their eyes should be ....
why do n't asians get cataracts ?
they prefer rincolns .
and she no longer holds those beliefs .
tulsi grew up in a conservative family with religious father who was strongly anti - gay and of course she was influenced by that upbringing .
remember she was elected to the legislature at age 21 .
but she has grown and formed her own opinions which are opposite of her upbringing .
anyone ever change their mind about something as they grew older ?
and her voting record shows she is 100 % pro - gay rights . [
here 's her own explanation](url
i 'm sure their failure to dig simple bloody pits for their ordure is our fault somehow .
foreigners are buying property everywhere .
it should be a condition of any asians coming to canada that they agree to live in underground tunnels that we bore for them .
living in a tunnel is still way better than living in china .
every gook in # losangeles should be deported or killed .
i really hate reading news provided by anonymous sources not authorized to provide information , i.e. oath breakers .
i wish there was a version of twitter that did n't constantly remind me that the world is hell and that everyone hates black women
lol we just watched an art thing and i said i loved the japanese artist and my dad said did ching chong chinaman draw it < happy > love that
i do not lilke the refugee stuff it will come back to bite oz in the ass let them stand and fight
great interview with him on npr last friday .
look on here and now .
or fresh air .
poor guy on suicide watch about to get divorce raped , the future of beta cucks
< user > he fully retarded she christian 😂
" you know what 's prob greater than winning tonight 's game ? ? ? ?
north carolina avoids the almighty " " crying jordan meme face " " "
gee , ya think ?
op , i will pray every day that your dick falls off in public .
he did n't have to veto the treaty agreement by america and the leading other five nations of the world mike because repealing it never made it out of the senate .
for some truth read this most excellent piece from the new yorker : 

 " how they failed to block the iran deal 
 elizabeth drew october 22 , 2015 "
why did nobody told me asians are bad drivers ?
i tried to install one inside my computer but i think he dead now .
why ?
do you want to risk trump having the cia hack the voting software and changing   the vote here in canada to suit his conservative agenda ?
how ironic that you bring up musicianship and carpentry .
i happen to make my living at both , and i can tell you without a doubt that those endeavors are no longer fiscally viable .
a reasonably good musician , once upon a time , could work five or six nights a week and make a living-   not a good one , but a living .
that 's over .
the number of musicians actually making a living these day i less than ten percent what it used to be .
same with carpentry .
large corporate developers have pushed wages so far down that i left the industry-   its just not worth it anymore .
not having a car is so ghetto
< user > i m supposed to be worried about men instead that s that lgbtq bullshit why black women want all black men to be raging gay faggots no i m interested in woman
and bitchhhhhhhh do n't get you no bitch that know how to lay good dick with the strap 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 🤤 bitchhhhhhhh will have yo ass stuck on stup frrrrrr
in south africa crime is out of hand and the whites are bearing the brunt .
well , when the media continues it 's rants and continual assertions what exactly do you expect ?
sheesh , it is not trump that keeping the issue alive .
it 's the media - our nation 's biggest problem right now .
i am the reaction to the shitskin invasion
the asians have long had a deep deep prejudice against whites we look down on them while they are looking down on us they have no respect for us the mistake nixon kissinger made was normalizing them
i wanna go back to the weekend of doing nothing with cody except sleeping , eating and watching movies & # 128149 ;
please , sara fredericks new account , you are the angriest , most hate filled poster on this website .
stop creating new accounts when you get banned , they will just be banned again and again .
sneaky asians affirmative action is was always anti anglo
as the mayor of a canadian city , denis coderre has no business getting into federal policy areas .
he is welcome to make suggestions but his announcement is primarily for his own benefit .
what is the dumbest thing you have heard blamed on the patriarchy ?
that 's called white flight , and it 's why the city centre of almost every major american city is now predominantly non - white .
you guys are still spreading these lies huh , i 'm sure a guy who wrote about the " great white replacement " and his desire to start a race war shot up a mosque because of his views on the environment
what is the dumbest thing you have heard blamed on the patriarchy ?
what ’s the problem with an asian pet store ?
there ’s always a kitchen in the back
even when they are stuck between two white babies like an inside out oreo cookie
@l4mees just go join the taliban already you american hater .
go pick up a ak and do something about " u.s troops killing your people " since you hate the troops so much .
@rahul singh 10 gtfo stupid indian t gay fan you dont have toilets idiots
deport 'em all , and build the wall .
even so , come , lord jesus !
@richardbspencer should power everything with nukes and have electric cars can sell the coal and oil to others
it is fucking freezing i m under 3 blankets and still shivering
you ca n't play me for a fool my niggah
or russia ?
now that 's a real " shit hole " country .
maybe north korea or the philippines ... ahh saudi arabia .
sadly , you 're right .
i 've always said that trump is such a great negotiator , if putin and trump ever were alone and cut a deal , trump will walk out with only his undershorts on , russia will get alaska back , and russia will fulfill its long - desired dream of having a warm - water port -- at pearl harbor in hawaii .
nuke africa and the middle east and asia then if you want population control fool
i was n't sure if you were oriental because your last name is wong , but your first name is english .
< user > ching chong
learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant .
where dese niggas at when i need them 😤 😤
my asian mom told me to stop playing with my food we were at the pound
no no no !
we do n't want chinese people to have rights .
we need them as slaves to build us cheap things .
we need industrial pollution to stay in china , not here .
we need a good return on our investments , which wo n't happen if our chinese slaves start getting things like rights .
anyone here ever just look at amateur porn in their age range and think , " this is what i could enjoy if i was normal " ?
yeah and if someone said anything that started with note to females they 'd be called an alt right nazi
there are no taxes to increase , they ought all to be cut , then on the basis of the money government has , decide to fund on the basis of their priorities .
if the economy is booming because of all the tax money government is taking from me and giving to other people with the canada child benefit , just think how the economy would boom if i got to keep my own money and spend it myself ?
iq nationalism leads to a jew asian bugocracy imposing miseries on heritage white americans that sound good to anyone but jews asians and their stepinfetchit swpl shitlib white lackeys
" @akerglows " " capoeira mostly , but i 'm looking into a fighting style called drunken boxing .
it looks fun . " " "
done with that hoe 😂 😂 😂 she sick in the head
i have a fucking econ test tomorrow and i feel like i m not in the mood to study
most sensible people already know abuse is not ok , regardless of gender .
we do nt really have any blacks in our schools round here ....
eid mubarak to all the muslim armys celebrating , myself included !
wishing you all a blessed day !
💜 🌙
vietnamese are obviously asians mizoram and assamese with slanted eyes are clearly asians living assimilating in india they are not genetically indian what are you not understanding race is different from culture
the hell it is .... never was , never will be .
chinese occupied tibet by force , reverse engineered population with han chinese settlement incentives , dammed the rivers , polluted the lakes and now steal what clean water is left .
@kingyredronnie another religious crack pot
there have been court cases for asylum by white south africans in canada that the south african government has spent millions fighting ... though they have not spent a cent on the 300 asylum applications by blacks in the us ...
why do asians have flat faces ?
airbags .
the migrants currently bringing * diversity and culture * to germany will love shitting all over the place and wiping their hands on the interior windows .
< user > same for white nationalism and fascism that ’ you
i once turned off notifications for 1 day at school an indian number called me sixty - seven times 

 then i watched the indian news the next day ... 
 the number was cloned from a rapist
i really do n't get why ppl start rumors about other people when it 's not true like do u not realize it just makes u look dumb ? ? ? & #
129300 ;
they can have black and chinese days at u of t but anything white is forbidden .
it 's a mess .
you must feel horrible .
you 're lost everything : your father , your tribe , your best friend .
here we go with the hoolicost again .
so tired of that shyt !
want to know what americans ... christians .. did to germans ?
people asians ca nt rap < user > hold my fanny pack
it not regardless he a white dude naming the jew with his real name and face out there the retards fawning over him are the same ones that did it about trump
alleggs gley mad muslims trashing conor in 3 2 1 ...
wow that nothing but plain facts no one is named no violence appears twitter just hates you and wants you dead or at least not speaking at all they truly are bad
i do n't see any harm in it .
it 's not like we 're giving him a big paycheck for it .
and who knows ?
maybe he drums something up .
people do nt feel comfortable telling blacks hispanics that they are acting black hispanic because they will be admonished at best or assaulted at worst whites and asians just bend over and take it though when people insult them as acting white asian whites and asians rarely defend themselves
( cont ) i also know that any efforts to address these issues by addressing the availability of firearms are met with strong , and usually successful , opposition .
i do know that there will likely be no meaningful changes in laws , policies or valuies   which will make it appreciably more difficult for disturbed individuals to obtain firearms .
i do know that mass shootings are now just a " part " of american life today .
...... and , finally , i do n't know just what we can do about it ...   gary crum
not surprisingly , that is incorrect .
the us is not now , and never was , a democracy .
it is a representative republic .
if it were a democracy mrs. clinton would be the president of the united states as would have been al gore and samuel j. tilden .
another ridiculous article , china has been the   " asian power " for you - can't - remember time without american endorsement .
they even beat american in korea back in 1950s .
chinese do n't need american key , they 're already the no 1 trading partner with all countries there you mentioned .
climb out of your cave .
whatever trump does or says , he ca n't shake fundamental fact there .
so his role is n't that significant , good or bad .
& gt;tfw 19 years old soon 
 feels bad
you do n't have to be chinese to think this looks bad .
< user > omg who can i know haha yes you are right and omg wow usa that s so cool not many asians are there right haha
what do you call a chinese woman with one leg ?
irene
very strange considering he records everything being a paraplegic .
good point .
i missed that .
today pujya sadhvi pragya singh ji gave " vivekanand sahitya"with her blessings to iit students .@sadhvipragya_mp @narendramodi @pmoindia @amitshah @rkmdel url
china gets nuked into glass .
europe becomes a radioactive hell scape from all the shitty chineses nukes that missed their targets or got shot down by america
today is the dresden holocaust anniversary let us not forget those beautiful souls and bloodlines lost
so , replace " kushner " or " trump " with " hillary clinton " or " mark mezvinsky " and tell us if you 'd ignore it .
sure .... as i have said many times , there may be nothing here , but if half of the accusations hold water , the situation is worth looking into ..... and trump has no one to blame but himself .... but i guess personal responsibility among the gop went out with the 1990s .
still not werds nigga you south afreekan too see i fig u for a retarded azz adherent this is amazing how ice block
i got an anal probe by an alien he said it was a routine check but you ca nt trust these paki doctors
i stand corrected .
i 'll rephrase : 
 every single conservative ( of any faith , agnostic and atheist - all ) believes the earth is 6,000 years old ?
i do n't think so .
< user > 😂 😂 😂 😂 i took one from this white dude and i had one of my own ion use em no more since niggas been dying and shit
< user > thank god no more of that chinaman and protea favourite tabraiz shamsi
there have been court cases for asylum by white south africans in canada that the south african government has spent millions fighting ... though they have not spent a cent on the 300 asylum applications by blacks in the us ...
i think it more white leftist need to help the poor that leads to the help the minorities bit i do not see anyone pushing to save the asians unless they are literally starving living in bone crushing poverty in some southeastern asian country
i hope they have the same shit skins build us a space ship funny enough if you look at the spacex falcon heavy launch video they are all white or asian engineers male
birdy , billy and noah are fat .
they live closer to a chinese buffet than the bush .
why do paki women always have pierced belly buttons so they can attach the air freshener
that 's a pretty extremist view .
i 'll return with an extremist view .
south korea should make a deal with trump and receive lesser american military support to lower the cost for us .
in turn , they should get the right to nuclearize the country .
then sk can finish what us failed to do .
erase japan from the map through nuclear bombs .
it 's already a radioactive cesspool .
should end japan 's pitiful downfall and end its misery .
it a heartbroken news my heart and prayers will be always with all the victims and all muslim family around the world
that is not the way it isw now .
you know it 's only white folks saying he did n't say anything racist ... trump and his supporters all think alike
typical asians do not complain nearly as much as blacks do about the world being unfair they just do their best to make good with what they have
the jehovah 's witnesses have always refuse to stand for the flag ; anthem or pledge .
they consider it to be making a religious idol .
it seems to me that for any other religion that they have a good point .
the flag is not supposed to be a religious idol for worship where not paying homage is treated as a heresy .
why would ccu support creating a religious idol ?
< number > was done by israel saudi arabia and jews in american gov t wake up america
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
what 's the difference between a dog and a pizza ?
one can feed a family of four asian people .
10 steps ahead of these niggas
stinks getting our women killed in battle now because of the anti white cultural marxist scum in our white christian government trying to replace us and kill us using people of color
they told me to lose weight so i had an abortion .
yess especially when you do n't feel welcome in your own community .
i identify as gay but i 've been with men before so sometimes i honestly worry that i 'll meet someone i really like but who does n't accept me , and that thought is upsetting .
why are we fighting someone else 's conflicts ?
what if the tide was turned and a country who did not agree with our form of government , etc .
started to bomb the snot out us .
do you think most american 's would be okay with that ?
yet many are okay with allowing our countries leader(s ) to do the very same to other sovereign countries .
empires conquer other nations .
not a supposedly free and independent nation as we are meant to be .
good guys and gals : 
 god / jesus / holy spirit , the trumps , jordan peterson , lauren southern , alex jones , drudge , michael savage , rebel media folks , crtv , nratv , lionel media , stefan molyneux , mike cernovich , bill whittle , bill mitchell , stephen crowder , gavin mcinnes .
actually you are the farce .
you post endlessly about some grand conspiracy by asians to rob white canadians of their homes .
you ’re a disgrace .
the tax obviously works .
the number of foreign buyers has dropped off a cliff and leveled out .
the govt certainly did not intend to crush the market , only to cool it .
decent job i ’d say and the market and the giant industry it supports keeps churning while bitter bigots like you keep crying .
< user > is a creative external processor of emotions queer black tweeter and meme connoisseur from england matthias works to create a safe space for everyone to feel that they are not alone and that their experiences are valid he also enjoys getting rather silly
i now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and i could not belive what has happend in there .i think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .
looks like we found our next incel terrorists sorry ... i meant " mentally disturbed lone wolf "
< user > < user > < user > so me
" hey , i 'd like to have some chilli " waitress : " i 'm sorry sir , but this is an asian restaurant . "
* stretches eyes * " herro , i 'd rike to have some chirri . "
edit : typo
true christian racism
@okemzuruoke you seem to have a penchant for talking about a religion you so clearly despise .
every religion mocks the other and criticizes it .
why is christianity so special ?
name one religion that has never oppressed people with contrary beliefs
some people seeing something unusual feel so shocked that they want to kill and destroy it immediately it retarded as all fundamentalism is
yo these threads on some dumb ass shit were 2 minority groups that should be flourishing but all y' all wanna act so damn stupid 🤮 shit ugly and y' all talk abt just white ppl the problem smfhhh 👎 🏽 👎 🏽
give me your tired , your poor , your religious nutcases , your criminals ... the wretched refuse of your teeming shore ... and finally allow europe to be subjected to the moronic whims of this wretched refuse .
the facts that actuly the homeless do nt put a price on our own homes is true they do nt but as the courts do means they put a price on our own family 's also in say if they can stay or not when they are in need and all it takes is one phone call or lawsuit to stop you from helping friends and family
so i decided to play a game called " the game of life " and i got spawn killed by choosing to spawn as a first born female in " china " server
never trust a muslim !
never heard an imam denounce lying , denounce non - believers are infidels !
their followers believe their faith as much as christians do theirs .
well , i not saying " all " muslims but i just ca n't tell which sect a muslim is from .
there are good and bad , that 's the problem .
and i 'm not one to be reactive but proactive as to the fanatic muslim / islam terrorists .
it is what it is , why not have the good muslims enlist into the military as the american japanese did in ww2 to fight off the japan imperialist ?
the aj enlisted in droves in the island chain and fought to show where their true hearts were for , america !
" @doctorgriffin6 -- away . " "
down here we can never be sure , i 'm afraid , " " he said , brushing a strand of hair behind abby 's ear .
his lips -- "
@_freejosh nah yo do u remember when niggas stole everything out the vending machines bc they left them bitches open up north 😂 😂 😂
just goes to prove that if you keep harassing moose particularly when young calves are involved they may react aggressively .
no need to kill the cow .
what the worst part of breaking up with a japanese person ?
you have to drop the bomb twice before they get the message .
@saf_d when brexit does n't deliver the racist 's aspirations they 'll find some other excuse to continue their hate peddling .
another teacher and i are looking over the global studies state exam .
global studies teacher : : i 'm going to go through the test and find all the questions about china .
if you get them wrong , i will laugh at you .
i 'm chinese american , born and raised in the united states .
seriously get to a therapist or a decent honky tonk bar they can help you
< user > girl i use my email for anything important cause that shit too ghetto 😂 😭
@nebula1113 ikr ?
those are consequences we can anticipate !
what abt the unintended consequences ?
they 're so arrogan … https://t.co/h4e0ys6mes
it has been like that for some while ... and similar like that for japan during ww2 time .
but i do n't think the regime would collapse just because of that .
they simply blame everything on american , yes you sanction them everything ( including textile export )   they would say american are trying to genocide their whole race , and their mass buy into it .
more and bigger bombs would be developed and tested down the road , which do n't need a lot hard laboring , they just need some brain power , which they have .
poor guy on suicide watch about to get divorce raped , the future of beta cucks
they had vlad onboard and got lost looking for mar a lago .
he wanted to play some golf .
poland and hungary will be the last white countries on earth and the niggers and shitskins will use the american military power that they stole from whites once they outbred them and destroy them .
wrong those people are illegal aliens .
screw the showers and screw the phone calls .
go back to your countries or keep on stinking .
knock off a cracker for callin me towelhead
a lot of people from the uk and germany were selfish .
after all , they have massacred jews or looted asians and africans for centuries .
@okemzuruoke you seem to have a penchant for talking about a religion you so clearly despise .
every religion mocks the other and criticizes it .
why is christianity so special ?
name one religion that has never oppressed people with contrary beliefs
* i hate fucking minorities
no matter , your gender , culture , class , race or creed , love is for all and never discriminates !
" 2 of my fav misheard lyrics in @hamiltonmusical " " a young man in a red coat stands on a pillow pet " " " " i catch a glimpse of the otter slide " " "
very disappointed in our law enforcement agencies for putting money ahead of due process .
" ............. the mayor ( pinocchio ) said the o&m cost subsidy would be $ 140 million per year . "
where 's the comments from the 70 % in support ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
< user > do i look like a faggot basher to you you stupid fucking human boy you have got a mouth
i broke up with my japanese gf the other day .
was pretty hard .
had to drop the bomb twice before she understood what i meant .
if a white community had a problem with white meth heads killing , stealing and intimidating the residents , guess what , they would get the attention of the police .
if asians were doing the same , they would get it .
you 're complaining that police are tackling the problem of blacks and hispanics committing crime in organized street gangs ?
you condone this behavior ?
unarmed black men are killed by police officers in .001 of all encounters , so your theory of them hunting down unarmed black men is null and void .
paid leave is paid for an investigation , if that officer is found culpable , he is fired .
why punish an officer in a righteous encounter and response ?
show me a video that has n't resulted in exoneration or firing ?
there - i answered .
more thousands of girls have been raped by pakistani muslims do you < number > call for an immediate national debate about immigration and race < number > introduce harsh penalties for all involved < number > gag the native population make a pakistani muslim the nation home secretary they chose < number >
do not be overcome by evil , but overcome evil with good .
< user > < user > < user > if a black person for example can experience racism then a white person can we are all the same after all
well mr. evans , is it the case that asian - americans can not possibly have a complaint regarding civil rights violations ?
.
hypocrite .
will i regret tweeting that probably but i fucking hate how that argument always seems to be black and white
twitter really be therapeutic fr yal niggers are hilarious in moments of sadness
not one to comment on s - a 's style but would n't it have been easier and more effective to just headline with " snorkeling is deadliest ocean activity in hawaii " ? ?
the way it 's currently written just look clumsy .
all racists are not assholes .
why would taiwan want crappy american tanks ?
the russian designs are far better .
yet another life saving development coming out of what muslim terrorists and arab land thieves claim is jewish occupied palestine
minorities , i must run over .
is waiting , my 2001 honda civic .
pleased , allah would be .
lots of ketamine , he would give me .
that and the sheer size of their land , which made it possible to move their production facilities out of range of german bombers .
the racist gesture was not to the individual yu darvish but to all asians ........ in todays current world where people take a knee for a cause i guess his cause was to mock the asian race ..... i wonder if he will be blackballed like kaepernick ... do not judge .... only god judges
" if dia can afford to pay a $ 9 million penalty for delaying the contract execution beyond sept. 1 , surely it could afford to engage experienced professionals to evaluate the deal from denver ’s viewpoint ( e.g. , bain , mckinsey , boston consulting ) . "
that might interfere with the dia management & city council 's bonus plan .
dia has been one boondoggle project after another .
automated baggage system ?
rip it out !
fancy fountain in the main concourse ?
rip it out !
great view if the iconic roof as you drive up ?
block it with a hotel .
no matter , your gender , culture , class , race or creed , love is for all and never discriminates !
< user > ackshully all arabs are white and islam is technically white imperialism
trudeau would rather punish hard working specialist doctors but turns around and rewards chinese billionaires who shelter their wealth in our homes and pay next to nothing in taxes all the while using our health care and education systems .
he is an embarrassment .
i 'm all for that .
i have no problems with trade with the us , but if all the us wants is a one sided deal out of nafta , then it 's time to walk .
we will be fine .
as a minority , i find it hard to date white girls .
not because they do n't find me attractive but because i ' m not related to them .
looks a little trumped up .
sounds like the charges mean that that us citizens are obligated to report any overseas funds they hold that are worth more than $ 10,000 .
so no swiss bank accounts ?
sounds a bit oppressive .. also hard to imagine that hillary does n't have a few dollars tucked away somewhere .
same with obama
yeah those gov contractors responsible for resettling immigrants brought in by the gov and leftist un looks like you were not educated let ignore the agenda by msm leftists un and go attack christians right you are no different than any stupid leftist also slander is the tool of the loser
one of the stupidest things a plug can do is skimp a nigga that knows where he lives i m a knock you off every time
all you bitches can suck my dick fr .
no funny
all of those things you list are personal reasons .
i live in a white neighborhood and i nigger it tf up
climate change is a fact .
there are only three questions : 

 how much of it is man - made ?
the realistic answers range from " a lot " to " all " .
can we do anything about it , or is it too late ?
it 's probably too late .
maybe if something had been done after kyoto , it might have been ameliorated .
how bad is it going to be ?
to take just one example , if the sea level rises by two meters , baton rouge will be a seaport .
it appears that you are blindly accepting what you are told by the koch brothers .
the investigation started in july and the reason he is in front of the committee now is to confirm what has been ' known ' for several months .
if he was parsing statements before it is because the rules prohibit him from discussing ( or confirming ) any investigations that are ongoing .
one could argue that this is unprecedented that he is there talking about ( and saying very little btw ) about investigating the trump campaign team because its not to be done .
its only happening because of the mess that has been wrought , in part by 45 and his merry men .
i assume since these agencies are linked to doj that it would come from ag ( which would then be the obama administration if it started last year ) or if director think there is have enough reason , open one .
45 will forever have a shadow over him , whether or not he did something wrong .
talk about the shoe being on the other foot , now he knows how hrc feels .
any guesses how long it will take before he starts to attack comey who he loved .
are you threatened by their astute knowledge ?
both tom and joan are outstanding social justice prophets in our midst .
get onboard h.
no , he was stopped because he was alone in a deserted railway station in the middle of the night .
highly suspicious , far from " routine " .
salty rapper did n't get any dates she should live in pakistan 😂
yeah but it not stopping the chinese women it better if the chinese women get there before the black women for sure
have but fuck the grammar nazis
this is not our war to fight !
< user > sweden from what i have been seeing it is pretty bad i think up to < number > police consider quitting because they can not cope a politician from beirut said sweden was worse than beirut a somalian immigrant wanted to return home somalia was safer than sweden he said
true , the conservatives will do what they believe is necessary , but that does not mean that the mechanisms of the right will be accepted by the majority of canadians .
as the article stated , harper did what he thought was necessary , and canadians overwhelmingly rejected him , the conservative party , and their broken ideology .
< user > < user > < user > population is alarming rate definately but you can not let people of sikh hindu christian jain n all getting their wife and daughter raped or getting forcefully married to muslim and conversion muslim do not face such problem there
i could be on every drug on the planet and still outperform you in every task imaginable .
we have nearly 15x as many people as you and even those with minimal incomes make more than your middle class .
the majority of the people in your country are descendants of uneducated penal colonists ... surrounded by a desert and unruly creatures enhanced by island gigantism .
you live in a shithole .
stop acting like you 're better than everyone else .
trp is out on dvd and digital download -- discussion thread 
 buy or rent this movie to support the filmmaker .
if an asian chef kills himself ... is it chinese take - out ?
like it or not : monthly print single comics need to end .
digital singles with print trade paperbacks is the only viable future .
agreed with the latter part , but i do n't know if white privilege exists in the us .
it seems the system rewards groups based on their abilities .
asians and ashkenazis outperform european - americans on various life achievement metrics , and african americans outperform european americans in various sports .
i do n't believe group differences in outcome is necessarily due to structural racism .
rata street new lynn very busy as people try to get to new lynn .
great north road closed !
bus 's deviate .
plan trip around ! #
flooding
" for the most part i 've stopped reading or responding to comments about g&m op - ed pieces that focus on gender , race , terror or immigration issues . "
.
you are down to business , and sports , then ?
how dare they beef up security , do n't they know it 's the birth right of peaceful to kill hindu pilgrims
not gon na let someone like him talk shit to my dear theoriginals specially when the person is being this retarded since god knows when i might not post a lot but i am watching all of you 👁 👁 creeps away slowly
overwhelming majority of crimeans want to be a part of ukraine about as much as   overwhelming majority of canadians want to be a part of united states .
the case is closed , let 's move on .
i assume that in pence 's plan the funding will come from church donations and the tech will come from jeebus because after hamstringing nasa 's budget for years , it ca n't get out of the hanger , much less earth 's gravity field .
indians go to hell
a bunch of people on the payroll of qatar saudi arabia and israel advocate that this country takes in a massive amount of immigrants and let them vote and then turn around and lose their minds that a handful of russians bought some ad space
i hate that most guys have more ass than girls but get mad when we grab it url
r / thebluepill hates and wants to kill you for being an incel
< user > sorry islam law lied everything
" singing " " as long as you're in control , it will work out for me " " & # 127908;&#128591;&#128588 ; this song is so on time ....... yess god ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! "
people are scared of black people because black people can be violent & they will probably beat you up if you annoy them .
so i have rarely seen whites or asians being openly , verbally racist to black people .
but i did hear my white female high school classmate say something nasty to a black girl who was a nice , polite , friendly girl , not the type of girl who would beat you up .
i have seen white & black people harass , bully & saying racist things to asians or saying racist things about asians .
i have seen asians being nasty to asians , asians saying nasty things to asians , asians saying nasty things about asians .
asians are easy targets for racists & bullies because asians are less likely to beat you up or talk back to you if you harass them .
most likely , you will see acts of racism against asians & muslim looking people .
blacks face discrimination & prejudice in school , looking for job , looking to rent a home .
there have been news reports of racist white people attacking blacks .
hintington tx quotes from our mayor in open meetings i should have run that son bitch out of town long ago everybody wants a lawsuit like those two queers and the cake that man is crazy always thinks the sky is following girls can not play softball on sundays < email >
wishing for a white wignat christmas 🎄
pride parade is for everyone .
it 's a celebration of who you are and what you like .
that includes the straighto spaghettos
you threw a lot in there with that lost post , i guess it is all connected .
i was just curious as to how you came up with your numbers since they did n't make any sense to me .
i 'm not quibbling about anything , just trying to understand .
i do think comparing deady to eichmann is going overboard ( actually off the deep end ) .
as a minority , i find it hard to date white girls .
not because they do n't find me attractive but because i ' m not related to them .
no your mother and your sister got powned by me last night .
cya retard
i guess i should have known that there are too many bleeding heart liberals in the nw to get an answer to this thread .
i commend you for writing this ... your affection for your hometown is obvious .
i 'll take " optimism " over " cynicism " any day , but it 's a tough road ahead for places / outposts like thunder bay ...
he has no demonstrated respect for particular veterans who ask for his help .
if he expects veterans to genuflect in front of him in order to gain his favor and assistance , then he should tell us .
period .
end of truthful statement .
" first black female state court judge in las vegas , nevada " ?
what took so long ?
already got lots of japanese , chinese , hawaiian , koreans , hispanic , and planty hoales .
< user > these people are so keen on keeping illegal immigrants and self destructing themselves
where where are all the whites and asians doing the car jackings home invasions muggings and random shootings this is why nobody trusts negros and nobody wants them around asians and mexicans hate blacks more than whites do
so glad the leader of the hillbilly mafia is not in the white house happy 4 th
" @_prettyflvck0 : me and paul thinkin bout gettin rentals for da weekend & # 128665;&#128168;&#128168;"oooh shit bitches betta stay out da streets
fri 10:00 : cloudy ; temp 11.1 c ; wind sse 25 km / h gust 39 km / h ; humidity 97 % ; press 99.6 kpa / falling ; health idx 2.3 .
shop trendzset for u latest styling shoes and purses
when in extremely advantageous positions , in situations he described as ideal , without provocation or known purpose , he often acted in such a way as to lose all that he said he found desirable and to make failure inevitable and spectacular .
freeland made the comments not trudeau 

 try reading the article next time
what ’s the worst part about dating a japanese girl ?
the rope around your neck , you fucking race traitor .
i guessed you must be japanese because in my experience japanese people have very modern haircuts and clothing .
chinese people usually have very traditional looking clothing and hair , and you do n't look that at all !
you look so chic and modern !
i agree with you up to a point .
no one country should be expected to absorb all refugees , but large , safe , sanitary , refugee camps can be set up in multiple locations in the region .
13.5 million is a little less than the population of new york , l.a. and chicago .
many of those have already scattered across the world .
spread them out over 20 - 30 camps .
put the u.n. and red cross in charge of a worldwide relief effort where everyone contributes .
it might even help the local economies .
they can be protected by the full might of the u.s. military and the saudis ( and others ) can help pay for it all .
then let the maniacs in syria wipe each other out .
might even buy us some time to vet any potential immigrants to our country .
only if we need them .
distracting television event for manipulating the gullible wonder how many refugees gary lineker has taken in to date
rosie o ching chong wing wong i hate chinks donnell
how can you blame blacks when majority of the state is white why do not you throw the blame on white republicans that decided to stay home with their conscious
my point was that as much as you dismiss springsteen , or think that you should be able to give him input on his songwriting to have his songs better represent fast food workers , a tiny drop of piss dribbled out of him this morning that 's more credible than you in the music industry .
he was considered a talented up and coming artist in the early 1970 's , he 's made top ten records that covered un - coverable independent bands , he wrote for patti smith when you were in diapers .
have some goddamn respect .
the reason you look like such a childish person right now is that you are trying to hand - wave away springsteen 's 40 year career as a well - respected , credible , honest , and down to earth musician , and the only reasons you 've given amount to " he 's white , he 's got a bunch of money , he does n't write song about subway , and he wears jeans " .
this is the guy that wrote tougher than the rest , chump .
you know what kane west would call you , martin ?
a player hater .
do n't hate , cizzy , ameliorate .
amen blacks suspended about < number > times as much as whites sheboons suspended < number > times as much as white girls standard crime pattern mainly due to genes blacks injuns hispanics whites asians
their side blacks muslims lesbians tweety birds college profs africa journalists scientist the bitchy gay guys meryl streep and nfl that right goddell u fuck rino mccain and democrats pizza and hotdogs
you 're trash luv .
homophobic trash .
get off this app
pence and trump should be removed for this .
let donnie go be a drama queen on the only job he 's qualified for : game show host .
back to the hole where you came from .
you are a low born and do n't deserve to be among us .
fuck you and your elitist mentality you mongol fool .
punk ass bitch .
i asked a chinese girl for her number ... 
 she said " sex !
sex !
sex !
free sex tonight ! "
or lets do and eradicate the japanese once and for all .
@corybooker hey moron if they are a tool for white supremacy what is all the colored people killing each other with in chicago and baltimore
take your dicking like a good girl !
after i 'm done with this hole i 'll move onto that tight ass of yours !
url
suggestion d members of congress are bringing refugees when president trump addresses congress on tuesday i suggest that r members of congress bring victims of illegal immigrants it would counter the efforts and be a powerful message for why legal immigration and extreme vetting is important
i member when clinton said … you could put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables the racist sexist homophobic xenophobic islamaphobic you name it and now trump supporters are all white supremacist nazis and trump is hitler reincarnated fud
looking for a white girl in virginia ( of all places ) around 21 - 25 .
< user > the bravest chinaman i know is < user >
let them hoes be greatrt @keyawnagallatin : y'all bitches be really reaching for the side - titty look
hey it a big gay street shittn paki
very convenient for you .
i figure if nine out of ten news stations and/or periodicals report the same thing ; it is , in fact , the truth .
you can not expect people to believe an outliar ( intentional misspelling ) ..
i really like mcwhorter 's perspectives on race in the usa .
came across this vid myself about a month ago and shared it around .
i really like coleman hughes also - url hopefully the views that the these gentleman have will start to catch on .
good points , rickschlosser !
obviously edward mcclellan is defying the odds .
as far as interracial crime goes :  
 of the nearly 770,000 violent interracial crimes committed every year involving blacks and whites , blacks commit 85 percent and whites commit 15 percent .
blacks commit more violent crime against whites than against blacks .
forty - five percent of their victims are white , 43 percent are black , and 10 percent are hispanic .
when whites commit violent crime , only three percent of their victims are black .
blacks are an estimated 39 times more likely to commit a violent crime against a white than vice versa , and 136 times more likely to commit robbery .
blacks are 2.25 times more likely to commit officially - designated hate crimes against whites than vice versa .
as far as criminal gangs 
 only 10 percent of youth gang members are white .
hispanics are 19 times more likely than whites to be members of youth gangs .
blacks are 15 times more likely , and asians are nine times more likely .
that 's the data .
if only those nasty liberals had just allowed the sf bay to continue to be filled in instead of " regulating " it , housing in the bay area would be oh - so - cheap . (
for those unfamiliar with this bit of history , the wife of the chancellor at uc berkeley did stop the filling of the bay that was proceeding uninhibited in the early 1960 's .
see foster city and the oakland airport . )
in the west we generally support regulation of where housing and other development may go .
the alternative is houston .
if that 's what you want , there 's still lots of buildable land in texas , and most of it is away from the coast .
of course the jobs do n't pay as well and the air is n't quite what most folks consider breathable , but since you abhor regulation that should n't be a problem for you .
oh , and do n't forget to buy enough nearby land to prevent a refinery from locating next door , as happens in texas with often catastrophic consequences .
so , even though the study was based upon the differences between every individual , they found enough data to conclude that specific races do indeed have different genetical coding ...... almost by accident .
what 's a chinese pirates favorite letter ?
l
so tommy robinson has been transferred to a < number > asian muslim prison in midlands where he is facing certain death please email write donate do what you can savetommyrobinson
i know this cat breeder in china , he runs a nice restaurant on the side .
he 's drowning in customers , last i talked to him he 'd gotten his paws on alot of cash .
hisnfuckign giggle i m faggot
explain to me again what 's wrong with a declining population ?
many of the world 's troubles are a result of population increase , and that includes environmental stresses in canada .
look at how much agricultural land and nature that has been swallowed by toronto and vancouver and tell me that population growth is a good thing .
its time to have some politicians at municipal , provincial and federal levels that campaign on managing a successful constant population instead of growth , growth and more growth .
i 'll buy sears for the right price .
find them , deny bail , prosecute , life no parole .
indians ( meaning first nations ) are paid $ 400 a month to sit on the couch and do nothing .
let the deportations begin
bill clinton turned the dnc into china painted whore in < number > if you remember china heavily funded bill clinton campaign these illegal gook funds were glibly dismissed with an assurance that they would not affect policy and a compliant media who promised not to press the matter
general kelly is running the wh show now .
did anyone really expect a swamp dweller of species " micus corruptus " to veto an anti - russia / iran / nk bill ?
did anyone else find the timing of seymour hersh 's audio confirming that seth rich was the source of the wikileaks dnc emails and that russiagate was entirely a john brennan fabrication a bit odd ?
his fbi sources decided to leak this right after the sanctions bill was passed by congress , obviously they knew long before .
very curious timing in that the russiagate " fabrication " goes away for trump , but the sanctions that it caused remain .
chalk up another victory for deep state .
then who is left if you would n't vote for anyone with a superpac ?
this is what our elections have turned into .
you ca n't run for office without a ton of money so we do n't get decent people , we get bought people .
it was in an attempt to find this sweat that i found out you are not a chink after all still do not know where to watch the stream and tbh do not know where to turn at this point
the democrat party of hawai'i is being hypocritical .
when haole and asian dinos and rinos ( like donald trump ) made racist offensive statements they were not disavowed or excommunicated yet when a hawaiian in name only does they go after her with a vengeance .
epitome of racists .
be glad hawaiians are not rioting over the streets over this blatant racism directed towards hawaiians .
< user > i wonder if a white person called tatum a nigger to his face would be just sit there and smile and nod
any time i hear it they always put a lil stank on it .
usually as they are gatekeeping " ur a cis white male so blah blah blah "
make me a mod and i will clean this sub up within 2 hours .
college kids are use to hearing black history month or native american history month .
here we go with the hoolicost again .
so tired of that shyt !
want to know what americans ... christians .. did to germans ?
that 's not how it works in the peoples republic of california .
here 's the secret order in which it really happens despite all the bs they tell the public ... 
 1 .
out of state asians paying cash !
2 .
in state asians 
 3 .
illegal immigrants - stupid taxpayers and bleeding heart liberal endowments pick up the tab .
4 .
whitey 
 5 .
everyone else
i like those memes ya know , the ones with the yellow cartoons .
damn what do you call them ?
yeah , asians .
this is really important work you are doing .
glad you are sharing it on civil beat .
male genital # yeastinfections are less common , and incidences of infection are only a fraction of those in women .
my sister called the chinks an asked was they open ctfu she fried ! !
prolly heard i was broke from a broke nigga prolly heard i was a hoe from a hoe 🤒
we should now also rename toronto 's jack layton ferry docks .
he too was racist .
he was a white man who used asian women   for his sexual appetites .
he was found in a brothel with an asian woman , even though he was married to olivia chow .
it is no different from what white catholic priests did to indigenous people at residential schools .
jack layton does n't deserve memorials , despite him being beatified by trade unions and the left .
of course , they will be outraged if jack layton 's reputation is sullied in any way , but they have no such qualms about inflicting the same indecency on the memories of other perfectly fine people .
normal high for today : 72 f , normal low : 44 f. records : high 87 f ( 2012 ) , low 28 f ( 1961 ) .
sunset : 7:57 pm .
the only way shitlibs and kikes can believe this mandatory minimum sentences for whites is if they accept two false premises one that blacks are not innately more impulsively and stupidly violent than whites and two that blacks are not more depraved than whites in the perpetration of legally equivalent crimes
and no one should forget the paki family collection of data on < number > democrats in the house their voting records and associations need to be front and center
maybe that is your problem you are excited by street fights with antifa and you think that in and of itself is a goal rather than promoting the white race and building a mass movement
any board member who supports carole smith staying through june 2017 should be recalled .
this is irresponsible and disrespects the students and the parents .
who wants to hear a joke that s going to blow you guys out of the water ?
pearl harbor .
i hate that most guys have more ass than girls but get mad when we grab it url
this has been a trend since < number > of course wall street assumed eternal growth despite fb having plateaued in the first world even earlier those asians living in huts will be worth just as much as us users in time if only we have faith that they will due diligence
that and the sheer size of their land , which made it possible to move their production facilities out of range of german bombers .
rashida tlaib said " we are women of color ' and if you call us out , you are being racist !
and she said that about nancy pelosi !
soy look i know i have fucked a few asians here and there but i highly doubt my face looks like soy sauce
very short nose for a hispanic whilst arabs also have long noses moroccans and north africans tend not to he could be from the middle east but it would be an outrageous construction for the cops
take your dicking like a good girl !
after i 'm done with this hole i 'll move onto that tight ass of yours !
url
yep the us census bureau officially classifies arabs and jews as white
it was n't a race issue , because japanese is not a race .
the only ones screaming racism are people like you looking to turn frei 's comment into more than it is .
hi , just joined the forums and looking forward to joining in the discussions with fellow white nationalists and having some interesting debates , good to be here amongst friends thewhitewolf88
that s not an argument the imbalance we see with american boys shying away from useful college degrees is going to lead us to import more and more asians that have the skills to fill the labor market demand
@cmikesspinmove as a jew who 's grandfathers fought nazis fuck this guy for using their deaths for a zinger .
but also , those grandfathers were philandering alcoholics who withheld love from their kids who grew up to know nothing about raising children thus creating the millennial generation .
i ain ’ t even gone speak on it just know niggas ain ’ t who they claim to be on this social media shit
i am here for miss lyonne telling the world women do n't need to have children to have a purpose in life ! ! ! ! !
i know my job already tired of my ass but honestly i m tired of this white ass institution too
sometimes you get flagged because its spam , sometimes you are offensive to others , sometimes its harassment .
sometimes its offensive harassing spam .
the chinese made fools of themselves again ... showing that they 're petty thieves and even worse liars .
their bill came to $ 65 and they left me a $ 1 tip .
indians !
brexit un eu india trump maga obama israel cnn projectveritas foxnews microsoft ceo h1b visa indian chinaman freeloader google ceo h1b visa indian chinaman freeloader facebook run by h1b visa indian chinamen freeloaders twitter run by h1b visa indian chinamen freeloaders
deport this person imediatly .. go complain in your own country .. illegal alien 🤑 👽 🙉
this muslim dog should be sent back to the fucking cave this cunt came from .
send these dogs back ! ! !
tomorrow precap lit sidharth shukla wow yaar i think he will kill all the task in season bb13 bigg boss 13
pft this is not news he plays for palestine and gaza and all that shit all the time he a well known muzzie kook like cat stevens
this is from the backfile of stormfront 's advance scout , which is solely devoted to promoting the organizing strategy of ple - legionism .
< user > these elites including merkel can integrate my fuß up their arse i bet they do not have any arabs in their gated communities but they are more than happy to see the world burn speakfreely merkelmussweg afd deutschland welt europe
feminist icon jane fonda “ i knew about the assaults a year ago and did n’t feel it was my place to say anything ” 😂
a white man tired to slide the phase i was the nigger when describing his up bringing in japan tonight at dinner white privilege continues to be heavy people have such low level of compassion no one is hiding their racism anymore
" must 've been a poll conducted at a liberal fundraiser . "
-- 

 no , it was n't .
try again ?
wrong
racist cunts like this should be killed , regardless of who they are or what race they are .
do n't like that hard truth ?
go fuck yourself .
same with the spineless little cunt mods that 'll ban me for speaking it .
i find it incredible how dozens of commenters are all of the sudden economic and oil industry experts .
did you know that chef jamie oliver , the essex boy is part black ?
gappy and yasuho said : trans rights are human rights
that anyone is so blind they can not the significant differences between the candidates is astonishing .
speaking of " rabid drivel " drama queen , consider taking it down a notch .
the usa has to make a turn .
you need competence in congress , not colored vaginas .
stop this stupid tolerance .
a person who 's obviously stupid has no place in the government .
