i have heard that and have read that verse in the bible that is arabs muslim is a religion and muhamid is the prophet of alah the koran is their book which is not of the god of abraham
that 's why he is our thala dhoni
the bishops do not equal god ?
of course they do ; just ask them - they will tell you !
incidentally , up to the end of the 19th century , large families were needed due to the high mortality rate among children
why did the priest force the middle school bully to blow him ?
because fuck bullies .
on god men are a bunch of pussy ass bitches now .
http://www.globaldrugpolicy.org/issues/vol%201%20issue%203/a%20critical%20evaluation.pdf 

 the journal of global drug policy and practice 

 a critical evaluation of the effects of safe injection facilities 

 garth davies , simon fraser university 

 conclusion : taking causality seriously 

 on the subject of the effects of sifs , the available research is overwhelmingly positive .
evidence can be found in support of sifs achieving each of the goals listed at the beginning of the evaluation .
in terms of our level of confidence in these studies , the assessment offered here is far less sanguine .
in truth , none of the impacts attributed to sifs can be unambiguously verified .
as a result of the methodological and analytical problems identified above , all claims remain open to question .
http://www.hc-sc.gc.ca/ahc-asc/pubs/_sites-lieux/insite/index-eng.php 

 vancouver 's insite service and other supervised injection sites : what has been learned from research ?
final report of the expert advisory committee
the wages of sin is death ! !
good riddens obviously an evil bitch and a weak fake christian that valued lust more than love ! !
i wrote the comment lmfao it 's definitely the tenor .
i know what i was saying .
america and canada are two countries that are really racially diverse and diversity ultimately improves the quality of life for everyone .
it 's good , dude , there 's still good things in the world .
white girl wednesday 😍 url
the thought of ethnonationalism frightens the blaq man not just because he worried about violence being done to his ppl at the hands of whitey but also because he understands that despite his critiques of white solidarity blaqs are just as hostile towards one another he needs wypipo to blame
i understood your point and thank you for making it .
part of why as a younger man i felt i could n't be a dad is becsue it did n't happen nuch at all 15 - 20 years ago so growing up a family was one man one women .
adoption was done by straight couples who could n't or did nt want to conceive natuaky .
gay people were never ralked avout as wanting to build families even fron within the comunity .
hopefully my children 's generation will be able to see same sex adoption in exactly the same way as straight adoption but for my generation that 's not possible .
@petebyron1 @realdonaldtrump when is the blood lust of vengeance going to leave ?
millions is n't good enough ?
you want all 1.3 billion millions blown up ?
it 's been two decades since 9/11 !
stop it !
religion litterly wants to murder the world and everyone in it so jesus/ god will make them his special creations
christian scum .
a real shame your relatives were n't thrown to the lions .
you do know jesus was black , do n't you ?
people came to this country to get away from degenerates who use religion as a tool to control the idiot population .
sounds like you 're one of the herd .
can someone please tell me that i am not the only one who thinks that dylan minnette and logan lerman are alike ? #
13reasonswhy
would the protesting iranians prefer to experience all the benefits of diversity that a rothschild bank nation enjoys because that what they are demonstrating for elin krantz swedish woman raped murdered by an immigrant
that suggests reagan did n't win it , or that out outspending of everyone else combined has n't worked .
alternatively , someone else is trying to bankrupt the us
supposedly , you have done your own research , and you have no evidence to post !
maybe that 's why i remain skeptical !
where are you located ?
i 'm assuming saudi or uae ? ?
honestly they are such horrible countries to live life in .
as a muslim turned atheist i got ta say please gtfo of there .
personally i do n't really have any hatred for islam but that could be due to the fact i live in the uk and most muslims i know are n't * that * serious .
your situation is fucked and your opinion is totally justified .
it 's good to have some reassurance every once in a while .
my parents used to call me crazy for having an imaginary friend i realized how crazy it was too when my prayers did n’t stop his priests from raping me .
this sort of sexual , physical and mental abuse has been going on for hundreds of years when the black robed jesuits first came to this land .
it was their duty under god , to take the heathen out of the savage native people .
it has n't changed in all those years and it wo n't change any time soon !
i was born and baptized catholic until i got old enough to know better .
in all fairness though , the catholic   messengers are not the only religious folks guilty of such atrocities .
i guess it just comes with the territory and it has to be handled on an individual level .
if you do n't like something , then do n't participate !
if i think he thottin i m a do it first i am gon call my side bitch we gon do the work 🥴
@jamesherdmanxd @jtmasterjedi @pho_fun @piratekingken it 's also discrimination !
saying something harmful that is targeted at someone whether it 's for their race , gender , disablity , religion , etc is discrimination
< user > < user > why is it that straight men like to watch dykes get dicked down
money is not everything but when i was a broke ghetto guy i traded my manhood to make vagina hand gestures and have gay sex for my fame and fortune
i 'll just stick with john climacus , avila or de sales , thank you .
stupid sayings like , “ think of the sign of the cross ; it ’s a mudra .
it ’s a hand motion that opens us up to grace , ” are the reasons people questions practices like this and whether those who promote these actually know what catholicism   teaches .
prior to suggesting something is in line with catholic thought , a better understanding of catholic thought may be in order .
i think russell smith should stick to the golden globes .
it seems more up his alley .
if you had the ability to create a women any way you want , what traits would you give her ? .
well done , msw .
the article says " cardinal blase cupich issued a blistering statement in which he stated , " the world is watching as we abandon our commitments to american values . "
may i suggest that world and catholics are watching , as the u.s. catholic bishops abandon jesus and our faith .
contrast these statements with the post by fr .
james martin " i was a stranger and you did not welcome me . "
http://www.americamagazine.org/faith/2017/01/28/i-was-stranger-and-you-did-not-welcome-me 
 read the statement and watch the video .
at the time the article was published , it is noted that the video had already been seen 3 million times .
notice the counter on the video - it is now at 4,703,987 .
in the last one minute , it increased by more than 100 .
this is the the christian response to trump and the call to action that catholics need .
write you state and national elected officials and tell them that the usccb does not speak for you .
give them the link to martin 's video .
highlight of my day being shouted at by some randoms in a car for being ‘ dressed like a lesbian ’
yes i 'm the nigga they hated on , heart made of stone&#128293;&#128175 ;
@ethanlesabre @questionlgbtedu you 're a fucking idiot .
not only is there quite a lot of openly gay conservatives but they a lot of them hate this sexualising and indoctrinating innocent kids and calling it " progressive "
ummm , your christianity has a bloody history as well .
any fear - based group is capable of violence -- be it by strapping a bomb to yourself or by voting for someone to do your bombing for you .
israel home of the jewish people arabs jordan u may know that israel was promised to the jewish people well b4 ur saviour came or any arab knew where israel was clue it is in the chumash pots melamed and ps u can call me sir
shut the fuck up about christianity you look like a retard everytime you talk about it if people actually followed the bible teaching then it would cure shit but you point to weak faggots who claim christian values but do not follow the bible as some sort of proof very weak
where to begin ?
gardner 's first town halls in well over a year are held in c. sprgs , greeley and a " christian " university in lakewood .
what happened to the millions of constituents in denver ?
he 's too scared to come here .
gardner 's explanations for his votes to destroy access to health care for tens of millions of americans and 475,000 coloradans just plain stink .
he 's following orders from the money people and that 's all we need to know .
as for his condemnation of nazis and white supremacists , well , that was easy .
but the white supremacist - in - chief still has gardner 's support , or he would say " enough is enough " and this president is an incompetent supporter of white supremacy .
gardner is a fake senator .
he does n't represent the people of colorado .
he 's just taking money from people and organizations that have no interest in our best interests .
trump and gardner must go .
now .
a jew and a christian .
< repeat > a jew walks up to hitlers grave with a christian .
the jew then spits on hitlers grave the christian said " why did you spit on him ?
the jew said " he killed half of my religion " the christian then spits on the grave the jew said"why did you spit ? "
the christian said " because he did n't finish the job " .
that 's what i meant .
thanks for pointing out the danger of a rhetorical question .
there should be no problem with a " repentant sinner " , or even " sinner " ( are n't we all ) .
it is really the context , circumstances and motive - as well as the advertised legitimization of qualification .
if she were a real catholic she would have refused to serve .
as snl so beautifully and accurately pegged trump 's daughter - complicit .
as complicit she is the carrier of the trash bag of - motive , circumstance , context and source .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > i was saying you are a racist it right there in black in white idk what so hard about that i mean if you want to deny black reviewers their right to count have at it
" or would you go and buy a car shrug your shoulders , say " " there you are she did n't love me anyway if she had she would have stayed " " "
doug jones ’ margin of victory is so small roy moore is gon na try and molest it
this is commonly found in cases of domestic violence , but it 's a favored tactic of gamergate as well .
jesus is so elusive .
< repeat > that even the romans thought he was hard to pin down .
no one will live that long .
i run a small crew of skinheads in the vancouver / portland area .
offline for the night .
need a break .
i 'll be back tomorrow .
people are n't lining up to see a devout christian who will be defined as an apologist for someone that is a liar , a dishonest businessman , and abusive to women ?
shocker .
they should be at work they are arabs
does alcholics anonymous want to know if i jack off they have already proven themselves christian nazi fa t bitches
i 'm sure jim minnery and co. will have church volunteers ready and willing to check birth certificates at restroom entrances around town .
funny thing is , most transgenders no longer look anything like the sex found on their birth certificates - they look exactly like the sex they identify with .
soooo , jim and his cult will be steering big hairy guys with massive pecs over to the ladies ' side simply because that 's what their birth certificate says they are , and vice versa .
amazing , the idiotic hoops fundy christians will go through to " protect " whatever religious ideology they claim to identify with , and no matter how much it hurts good people .
jesus must be spinning in his grave .
if either buyer or seller does not wish to any contract including the cake - baking for whatever reason then they are entitled to refuse .
if a buyer has right so does a seller 
 if i asked a printer to print me a large placard saying , the bible says homosexual acts are sinful , which is undeniably true , and he refused , i would concede that he has every right to refuse and go elsewhere .
so your inflammatory accusations are patently false as usual .
this time around i do not think we can or even should be mitigating the death this is a cleansing a un holy war for the future of mankind the struggle for the white race happens at the same time everything is connected no coincidences still wonder why let kushner marry ivanka
good article jill .
a prime reason corporate it depts are hit is old , unpatched server software , using known versions with known vulnerabilities .
cost cutting measures such as only three running backups can kill you as well - 7 is best as the state found out years ago with an infection started on a thursday .
by monday the over writes would have wiped out any good copies .
two of us happened to discover the infection from kodiak , had read enough between us to recognize the attack and notified it .
we dodged a bullet , the target files were all the state communication autocad files .
thousands .
we pushed for antivirus software on each pc , not just the servers and were told it was not needed .
we then got infected by monkey b , one of the original viruses .
ironically , one recent ransomware attack is petya , based on monkey b.   arse technica has a self recovery article here : http://arstechnica.com/security/2016/04/experts-crack-nasty-ransomware-that-took-crypto-extortion-to-new-heights/
normies talking nonsense and everybody think its funny 
 incel makes a joke everybody is annoyed
you not that nigga cus you fucking a lot of women .... you become that nigga when a lot of women ca n't even get near you 🤷 🏽‍ ♀ ️ 👌 🏽
i like jesus like i like my paintings .
< repeat > nailed high enough so everyone can see .
< user > < user > zionist jews are courting their own destruction by christian zionists that is a disturbing irony
private vs low i q sand nigger jews who whites stupidly through their sandnigger religion christianity control their pagan white countries nice work christ cucks jews now cuck your pagan white countries
white women pregnant with a white baby boy here .
i wo n't be doing anyone a " favor " and pass on galavanting down to pp .
she can do all of us a real favor and trip down the steps and land on her head .
ooh wow .
it 's people with no damn brain or backbone like you are why this country is trash .
bunch of slimy cunts with chips on their shoulder about words when pigs murder .
guaranteed you believe in your racist god or religion .
you fit the model for dumb religious inbred mentality .
let me amend one thing .
our drug war has cost in excess of a trillion dollars since 1971 .
it 's been all cost and no benefit .
http://www.cnn.com/2012/12/06/opinion/branson-end-war-on-drugs/
@vicserlou : @radiolearey have a great inteview with harry ! ,
he is one of the bestest !
ck twitter , there are millions who love h. ! !
shows how coopted white reps are izrael is never flooded with refugees
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
end off this japanese set with lesbian scissoring nsfw
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > i was saying you are a racist it right there in black in white idk what so hard about that i mean if you want to deny black reviewers their right to count have at it
what new taxes do you refer to ?
taxes have thus - far gone down under trudeau .
really ?
maybe i should re - post some of your vile and nasty hate against jesus and christians from days gone by ?
shouting ' allahu akbar , we have killed infidel , we need to kill more " , muslims slaughter 5 christians including pregnant mother of two : this is a genocide .
another islamic genocide the world is either too scared or too bullied to denounce .
savage .
url url
dang----- no one forces me to buy a belt .
when fluoride is added to drinking water , everyone is forced to consume it without consent .
ca n't you see the difference ?
the 70 year old science is simply wrong and dangerous , but other big money schemes with the wrong science hung on for years , like tobacco and asbestos .
we eventually learned the truth .
so , it will take some time to overcome the fluoridation scam , but 95 % of the world and 97 % of europe have already done so .
i guess you missed the pastor burning obama in effigy , or the non - stop birther garbage , or even the " he is n't a real american or christian " , or whatever other crap they felt might stick that day .
as for kids , they spent a ton of time musing about whether or not the kids were his , so , yeah , unfortunately , the rs really did a ton of this crap .
i absolutely agree that kids should be completely off limits , as i said in an earlier comment on this article .
a couple times guilds would keep a spot open for me , people wanted to nab me before i 'd raided with another guild for the week
trump : american heroes to the white house this morning- the wounded war ... https://t.co/fagdmqjo1d via @youtube
what 's the difference between a catholic priest , and a boy scout scoutmaster ?
one is called father , the other is called daddy .
how are they similar ?
they both rape you .
@sladedick @rockeevee kyle masturbates for 30min every night before bed to pics of his fav hentai traps
everybody wants to get undertaker to get fully nude .
lets take it one step further and watch him fuck .
this time around i do not think we can or even should be mitigating the death this is a cleansing a un holy war for the future of mankind the struggle for the white race happens at the same time everything is connected no coincidences still wonder why let kushner marry ivanka
while some gender gaps are closing , others stay wide open .
the data we use and how we use it is a powerful force for gender equality . #
sdg5 via @bloomberg url
@repmaxinewaters you and your husband have committed crimes .
you should be in prison .
period .
black privilege
do not lower alt white credibility by saying the holocaust never happened instead say the holocaust was hugely exaggerated defensive and unimportant next to the marxist genocide of white christians lots of jews definitely starved in the camps when germany was on tight rations
totalbiscuit mainly attacked sjws because they attacked him first in hysterical and extremely aggressive terms for looking into the quinnspiracy on his own and not < number > going along with the narrative he shares most of the sjws views on gender feminism etc but is slightly less retarded about it
reality does n't fit ericka 's narrative .
kiske to kick someone gay old for a gay little ass
great letter bill ... the war on christianity and organized religion continues unabated by the intolerant left .
what a sick pathetic and troubled group of people ... let 's all keep them in our prayers
anybody that says trump 's remarks were not racist and anybody that thinks trump is a christian after all the crap that has come out of is mouth is either a lying racist themselves or just the dumbest group of people ever .
i 'm going with bible toting racist just like the good ole fashioned klan .
“ never let a bitch take your spot period ” rosa parks < number >
hillary is more hated in russia , whereas they love & collude with the trump to avoid hillary .
it ’ so ghetto when people say the n word
this communist bitch has to go she should not be teaching middle school or any school for that matter she a danger to freedom and to society outantifa
having two moms can mean having gay parents .
girl : is that even possible ?
pimlico racetrack area is weird two sides of it are complete ghetto dumps while the other two sides are still fairly decent even w some upscale people living there i love the track itself just hate the west south sides of the track
knee hurting so bad but my fat ass still went and got popeyes
@malwaex haha that must mean you secretly want to fuck pakistan
icon66 is the type who knows all about " the system " because he milks it for all he can get .
hitler was a christian you retard
and all these " little guy " entrepreneurs will be forced to pay get into perpetuity to fund krookwell 's folly : the rail fail
bs , two questions .
1 ) .
where did you get the information that trump is the target of an fbi investigation ?
2 ) .
where did you get the information that nunes leaked classified information to the press ?
he told the press about the information he had received , but he did not share the documents with the press or reveal any classified information from the documents .
i love you .
from mountains high , to waters deep .
and this love outruns the longest of rivers , surpasses the ... https://t.co/qghqyvrkbf
the average middle - aged “ christian conservative ” is such a retard that within their own life time their ideology & religion was warped from defending the us & worshipping jesus to defending israel & worshiping jews without them even noticing .
< user > just as long they are not gay muslim an undocumented immigrant transgender right
for the record i do not think it can be denied that jews are nepotistic and intelligent with a strong in group preference what bothers me is that they will not allow anyone else the same priviledge
url every church should be burned down .
every .
one .
idgaf .
butch cassidy could n't help this team , one line and a defense anchored by the " getting slower by the day " chara .
there 'll be jobs when he 's ready to return .
@thomasjtobin1 you 're going to your god 's hell for allowing your priests to molest children .
shut your fucking mouth you fucking garbage human .
the thing i always hated about church was the constant sitting up , sitting down , kneeling ... i wish the priest could just pick a position and fuck me .
i really appreciate seeing the pan flag be accepted . :)
the lgbt community in my experience has forced me back in the closet in that regard , so its nice to see it not ripped apart online for once
the ' people ' who are already here and ca n't afford the increasing housing costs are of more concern to most of us than the ' millions ' that may be here in 20 - 30 - 100 years .
i attempted to comply with oregon 's land use laws in a couple of instances in the local area , only to discover that those laws are so tilted that land only suitable for growing grass for grass seed ( according to actual , real , dirt - digging farmers ) under those laws ca n't be subdivided except into multi - acre estates ,    you know , like the ones maybeinoregon talks about in the portland area .
so the land will just sit there and the prices of houses in the ugb will increase .
" do n't start posturing to different constituencies , " mackinnon said .
the pot calling the kettle black .
man 1 : : " they ca n't tell you the location because your wife will probably end up there ! "
man 2 : : " haha , no , i 'm the one who 'll need to go there ! "
man 1 : : " yeah , that 's true ! "
two rich , older white men during a fundraiser for a domestic violence shelter for women and children .
we told them the location of the shelter could not be released for safety reasons after they asked .
made us ( two girls , one of whom is a survivor of abuse ) feel hopeless , powerless , and frustrated .
we did n't know how to tell them that jokes about domestic violence are inappropriate , especially at a fundraiser for a shelter .
what do you call a group of brain dead christians on a tv show veggie tales
it is a fictional story about a mudshark vanessa her absent black husband obi o konkwo and her rogue piccaninny child jiglet it is based on real life events and characters written in the style of the janet and john books of the 6 0
you do have a unique point of view on the subject , that 's for sure .
it 's actually pretty surprising to see how many atheists know the bible better than most christians .
attention all you right wing straight christian males please quit going around killing people in the name of jesus you are making other christians look bad you are the religion of peace how often do you here mudslimes say things like that one in < number > million
# woke homophobic
this proves , yet again , what absolute hooey global warming is !
it rates right up there with the easter bunny , santa , sasquatch and justin trudeau 's smart iq .
if you do n't think these new carbon taxes coming down the pike have politicians rubbing their hands in expecting coffers to fill up you need your head read .
global warming was put forward by a failed politician and nature programs on the communist cbc .
a definite must read article for stephen grootes in light of his article which appeared in dm today !
idk gpaw if we have to suffer the presence of shitskins i d much rather they were raised by a bunch of faggots than by the animals that birthed them or god forbid these disgusting white christian cucks ya know
ai nt nobody wearing those new westbrook " jordan 's " but mexicans & trailer park trash white girls .
what do you mean , video surveillance at every intersection ? ? ?
there are not video cameras at every intersection .
if you are thinking the opticom receivers with the white lights that are mounted on the horizontal polls of traffic signals are cameras you are mistaken .
what do you call two preachers raping a kid ?
the holy trinity
i think you mean at super bowl 51 , not 50 .
as a one more , where do the souls of mcconnells and his ilk 's supporters , go when they die ?
do they go to their white mans heaven ?
or hell ?
i recall that their white mans jesus was a refugee fleeing a guaranteed death from a propped up roman empire despot , who was no different than the double digit despots we prop up worldwide , for the same colonial reasons the imperial roman empire did .
i recall that the jewish priests had the romans kill the jesus , for messing up their corruption , no different than the vatican being built off the backs of hundreds of millions slaughtered natives through the centuries .
yah , i would say that mcconnell , his ilk , and their supporters are on a one way ticket to their christian hell , no different than the islamic terrorists created by mcconnell and his republican and democrat cronies , are on their ways to their islamic hells , without their 72 virgins , for slaughtering so many thousands of innocents
does you do n't know anything about that person except what they themselves have chosen to tell sound familiar ?
woman avoids prison after having sex with drug rehab patients ( xpost from r / news )
1rt and i 'll throw my ps4 out the window because 2k is fucking trash
< user > trump erroneously presented the total number of aliens in the country < number > million as the number of illegal aliens in this country
i 'm much happier as a financially secure adult than as a kid in a paycheck to paycheck household ( and i had great parents , just no $ $ $ )
diversity > love   for * * a lot * * of people these days - as long as they are the ones not missing out on love .
free speech is not good certain opinions and speech should be illegal punishable by several years to life in prison and for especially heinous hate speech death penalty so shut the fuck up faggot
alright , look , if a program is aimed at racial discrimination , does that make the program itself racist ?
in the case of affirmative action , those programs were designed to counter a racial bias in college admissions of primarily black students capable of doing the coursework but with lower test scores , generally thought to be the result of inferior k-12 schools underfunded because they are in poor neighborhoods .
remember , most public schools are locally funded , so rich neighborhoods have rich schools , poor neighborhoods have poor schools .
the intent of racism is to keep certain races down .
admissions criteria favor applicants from more affluent areas with better schools .
in states where a third of the people are black , for instance , why is it that only a tenth or twentieth of public university admissions are black students ?
that is a racist result that causes harm to black communities and perpetuates poverty , a situation that 's bad for our nation .
that 's why aa programs are n't racist .
they should drop the word ' islamophobia ' from the motion because ( one reason ) this is the word regressive - leftists use unthinkingly when attacking anyone who criticizes anything to do with islam or islamism .
it 's a very ill - defined and misused word .
it would be better ( at least ) to first define the terms ' islam ' , ' islamism ' , ' muslims ' and ' islamists ' .
otherwise the motion could condemn bigotry , racism , and it could explicitly condemn hatred of muslims , and reference the fact muslims had been gunned down recently at a mosque in canada .
i would have no problem with supporting such a motion .
i 'm straight but i totaly understand how hard it would be to come out and try to fit the social standards when your part of the lgbtq+ community
# a woman fucking morrowind mods nude https://t.co/yanzhdx5xi
what does she think she is now ?
😭 fucking latina ? !
just bc you got ta spray tan and black hair do n't mean you a latina now you auto tuned pig .
okay but y did african parents think it was funny to joke abt arranged marriages when we were younger mom i 'm not gon na marry adetunde he 's my actual cousin
the democrats senate leader n.y .
sen cuck schemer er ah chuck schumer helped create the diversity visa program which reportedly provided a green card to the islamic immigrant who allegedly killed eight new yorkers on < date >
< user > jim sonny dykes sounds like a great vacation destination for lesbians we d love to hear more about it sincerely the wnba
nigga you ain t neva hit no foreign wit no white bitch
indiana university health nurse being investigated after tweeting “ every white woman raises a detriment to society when they raise a son . ”
rt @prettihotnthick : i ain gone lie chuckie fucked w| my head a lil bit & # 128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128557 ; https://t.co/v1lqkqe1fz
i am soooooooo moving to washington the soon as i retire .
outrageous oregon income tax and now this ?
i 'm done .
what is the difference between a catholic priest and acne ?
acne does n’t come on a little boy ’s face until after they are thirteen
@4248 you mean all the racist evangelicals ?
or the pedophile priests ?
or perhaps you mean the rapist pastors ?
oh , or the christian politicians working to deny and prevent solutions to climate change ?
yeah , we 'd be way better off without your idea of " godliness . "
😤 😤 😤
" " " do n't give up .
it 's not over yet .
bring it on , bastard ... i 'm standing right here ! " " -
natsu dragneel "
free speech is not good certain opinions and speech should be illegal punishable by several years to life in prison and for especially heinous hate speech death penalty so shut the fuck up faggot
god was a big fan of wrestling until his son got pinned .
i explained exactly why i said your statement is ridiculously absurd .
furthermore , i do not make " god " out to be a monster , the bible does that all on its own .
for example ; in the old testament " god " had an old man stoned to death because he picked up a couple of sticks on the sabbath .
the old man is now burning in hell for eternity , because he picked up some sticks on the sabbath .
that sir , is an evil sick monster .
one of the many examples found in this book .
the one " christians " do not want to get into an intellectually honest debate on is romans 9 , the purpose of creation , and how " god " created men just to destroy them , and when asked why then would god find fault is asked ... because he can .
who are you to question god burning you in hell ?
therein i truly believe , only a fool would be a christian , and especially when one understands how this book came into being .
seriously , eternal damnation because i ate a fruit god put in the garden to tempt me with ?
i meannnnnn i 'm gay and i 'm a femboy / trap sooo i 'm going to look a lot more like a woman / female them he could so if your going to say do you want your son to look like a girl i meannnn i 'm going to look a lot more like a female sooo yeah ...
jq same as the cq or the mq to me all religious fanatics are a danger to anyone who wants to be left the fuck alone granted muzzies are the current worst but it wasn t long ago that xtians were murdering abortion doctors and dragging fags behind their trucks
i love amanda 's accent , so funny ahah
agree .
the " game " is to not raise property taxes , the city will just be quiet and raise " assessed valuation " on properties .
simple .
i live in a very white state .
my daughter and i go to a group every thursday about talking to kids about race and racism .
i 'm also part of a reparations group and regularly donate what i can afford to women and men of color who are struggling financially , especially trans people and women of color .
i have participated in several matches and volunteered at our local black lives matter cafe .
i could do more , though .
and i still have to unpack a lot of stuff .
but i want to be an ally who actually does something and shows up .
absolutely correct
because it gives context into some hardships they 've had to endure and why they would appreciate the assistance .
being both intersex and a person of colour gives two very real hurdles to deal with from birth , being in debt ( * even if i do n't know how or what kind of debt * ) being another .
they seem polite , offer to give , and are n't pressuring anyone to donate , and it 's for a reasonable cause .
seems pretty solid to me from the information given .
who hurt you ?
lol .
it 's comical how stupid and angry you people are .
meh amurica .
my land .
mine .
bang bang guns .
no brown people .
wahh .
from a review of " getting jefferson right : fact checking claims about our third president " by evangelical christian historians warren throckmorton and michael coulter , who shredded barton 's work : 

 " in each of these categories , as throckmorton and coulter gently put it , “ we find the reality is often much different than the claim . ”
that ’s their way of saying that the claims are , mostly , “ pants on fire , ” to use the language of politifact , the tampa bay times ’ fact - checking project .
others rate a “ false ” or “ mostly false ” label , while there is n’t a single one ( other than minor statements of fact , such as date of birth or dates of his presidency ) that rates “ true , ” or even “ mostly true . ” "
http://religiondispatches.org/the-quixotic-task-of-debunking-david-barton/
@_burgesspt cause southern guys suck lol
environmentalist will always side on business killing restrictions that drive up prices .
they never address the root cause of the problem , over population .
humpty dumpty sat on a wall because he did n't have a neck to hang himself from
i get inspired by all the messages i 've received both here and other places telling me not to back down and that people feel less silenced for once .
this is why niggas like that get away with shit u missed the whole fucking point he raped a woman so them telling other women to warn them that s wrong tf shit really irks me
jesus did not say " ask people to give , you are doing them a favor by asking them to do so " , you did .
that is what i am saying is a stupid statement .
your attempts to defend your stupidity only reinforce my poor opinion of your intelligence .
funny that easter falls on april fools this year cause jesus is a fucking joke
vatican is satans seat on earth filthy rich and pedos , why does every leader have to go to vatican to kiss the popes satanic ring , look at the hellish backdrop sculpture behind them in the vatican .
yes , lets baptize them in the name of odin , thor and freya ... by burning them christians to ashes
what starts with m and ends with arriage ?
thank goodness that the anc is spending so much time fiddling ( whilst the country burns ) .
it means that they are not breaking things !
inciting violence by retweeting dangerous and violent rhetoric is indeed repugnant i wrote my congresspeople just now to call for trump resignation have you yet resign now trump civil war 2 impeach trump pence barr impeachment impeachment now impeachment is coming
what is the connection , chuckie ?
syria is an ally ( like canada to the us ) , who asked russia for help in the fight against foreign - supported and financed so - called ' rebels ' .
' ukraine ' on the other hand is a bottomless pit of corruption , desperately seeking international legitimacy in form of handouts .
do you see the connection ?
i do n't .
do not worry she will not die the christians are letting niggers into heaven
what does the back of my church have in common with the boys locker room at my school on photo day ?
both are filled to the brim with boys in suits undressing
do not lower alt white credibility by saying the holocaust never happened instead say the holocaust was hugely exaggerated defensive and unimportant next to the marxist genocide of white christians lots of jews definitely starved in the camps when germany was on tight rations
so that justifies the killing of christians ?
that kenyan girl is gorgeous !
nero walks into a room emperor nero walks into a room full of christians .
he asks : ' is this the candle shop ? '
jews have alot to answer for including the creation of fake sand nigger religions like christianity islam responsible for genociding millions of white
readers   need to read the post by xyz18 a hundred times and then think about how often the media , the banks , the real estate industry and the politicians do their desperate best to hide that message from canadians , pretending instead that foreigners are somehow what people need to focus on .
fucking xians can suck my motherfucking dick .
plans for largest mosque in ireland given go ahead read more : plans for largest mosque in ireland given go ahead | irish news | irishcentral follow us : @irishcentral on twitter | irishcentral on facebook
quit hiding behind the word opinions .
i posted many facts .
i have used logic and facts to back them up .
you , not so much .
you have failed to even once address a source i have posted .
i know why .
you do not want to learn that you are incorrect .
well get used to it .
you will soon have no choice .
i had to learn .
joan had to learn .
you must decide .
join the flat earthers and anti - vaxxers or accept the truth that the claims i posted above are true .
all these scientists think your opinions are incorrect .
the msds and the labels means the science is known .
the risks or lack of are known .
lame , positively lame .
you occationally do better than this .
bill tammeus certainly knows the difference between nuns and sisters as you would know if you read his previous work .
the polyester pant suit thing gives you away as a fervent consumer of right wing catholic propaganda .
hrc could afford much better material than polyester and did .
oh fucking please .
religion has fucked humanity for way too long , and this moron was part and parcel to it .
good fucking riddance .
do n't forget to ask for an expense account to pay for the " sneakers on the ground " .
gt raped by light < user > < user >
how did you know it was bedtime at michael jackson 's house ?
when the big hand was on the little hand .
am i wrong about being pissed that games are feminized ?
@ boots 
 you libs can rejoice & be relieved that your obamacare is the law of the land and own it lock stock & barrel .
hey buddie , you can take your bdsm gear off .
you ca n't stop being gay you can stop being horny in public .
not all priests are rapey !
guys come on .
it 's not rape if they 're dead right ?
i have the most retarded friends its crazy
here mfs go driving retardrd af
y'all miss the yeah dumb as fuck he 's talking about diversifying female hip - hop if you ca n't see that anybody is dumb as ever you said niggas rap about the same thing yes that 's true but the thing is you can also put on kendrick lamar and j cole jay electronica excetera excetera and they do n't rap about that shit yeah
why bother ?
just keep on free - riding as you whine .
calcium chloride pellets ( ice melter ) works also .
you can apply it with a simple fertilizer spreader or by hand broadcast .
@miseryhighlight come = cum , miraculous recipient = fake lady impregnated by " deity " .
hope she has access to plan b in the morning to stop another couple thousand years of religious nut jobs controlling people 's lives and molesting children .
< user > < user > sister during that period our tamil nadu dmk government and indian congress government join to kill all my tamil people in our freedom in sri lanka
yup , jaded , that 's a hell of a note , is n't it ?
somehow from the serenity lane   case i had the feeling this was likely   a sociopathic person who could steal so methodically from the sl program , colleagues   and clients and then spend that money on materialistic excesses .
.
turns out she stole from an equally worthy institution , a   nyssa school district , evidently without remorse or restitution , although she was treated then   with the consideration we 'd have likely offered her here as a   female white collar criminal ..  
 besides the lack of budget oversight which allowed her to get away with such a massive theft at sl , i 'm disappointed in the professional staff at serenity lane who failed to note these defects in her   character .
they are , after all , trained to understand the scheming   and manipulation addicts or other cons use to " cover their tracks . "
did none of them ever notice anything peculiar about her behavior ?
one thing , though jj , no sugar for that porridge , ok ?
ok , so - called last patriot , what about catholic priests that hide behind their collar as they 're raping children and they just get moved from parish to parish .
is n't this the height of hypocrisy ?
and what about the catholic gay or lesbian church member .
do n't they have rights too ?
this issue will wind back up in the us supreme court where it needs to be .
randy would be the guy who sarah palin busted for illegal interference and doing partisan ( and oil industry ) politics on the state 's dime .
got that ?
sarah palin turned the scoundrel in ! ! !
< user > gobble propaganda where were you when hindu women were raped your friends
and honestly i can not help but feel like if this was a white kid he would have been out on house arrest or some shit
i think they should bring back facts of life and have blair running everything .
my gay friend gave me a hundred quid for a picture of my dick i regret my decision every day now spanish prosecutors are looking for me because i did not pay tax on the image rights
agreed   and the environment can not handle 100 million canadians ! !
dominic barton - mckinsey - needs to factor in environmental sustainability !
on top of that , only a small fraction of those 40,000 are active posters and some of the 40,000 are antis .
they should be at work they are arabs
" neither catholic nor are they followers of christ " 
 at least the poster implicitly recognizes that " catholic " and " follower of christ " are not synonymous .
we have many examples of that .
jpii was very much a catholic , but as an avid protector of pedophiles , he can not be considered a follower of christ .
my sister is having an all lesbian moneynigger taternigger fight watching party is boxing a thing among girlfags or something
imagine being so disconnected that you d think a dickies work shirt and some black pants are comparable to a fur suit imagine crying about optics while writing for a site that screams nigger in every title like a < number > year old on xbox love who d just found 4 chan
rt @hoax : whoever created the simpsons is n't to be fucked with https://t.co/y6dhsom2cu
the democrats senate leader n.y .
sen cuck schemer er ah chuck schumer helped create the diversity visa program which reportedly provided a green card to the islamic immigrant who allegedly killed eight new yorkers on < date >
muslim girls can ’ t ride ferris wheels
the grand palace , bangkok https://t.co/6sy8jhkvdr # travel # paradise # vacation https://t.co/stzn7j0ucz
from your post it seems you see no future for sa or any other white country ?
so it was banned in 1808 but they still took slaves in 1860 to alabama 🤨 sounds like kidnapping and fugitive harboring to me america .
we 'll take the punishment in a lump sum reparations check ma'am 🤔
your explanation for jesus ' commandment against divorce is rubbish , no matter how many times you smugly state it .
this is not what jesus said :   " amen , amen i say to you , that because women are treated like chattel , i , jesus , perfect liberal that i am , now tell you brothers :   no man or woman shall divorce ( except for adultery ) because it is the put - away wife who gets screwed .
this will change in time , but until then , what i tell you is the will of god . "
that 's not what happened .
jesus told us the reason for his commandment against divorce :   " what god hath joined together   . . . "
you may disagree with jesus ' reasoning , but that was his stated reason , the only one he mentioned .
your logic also overlooks that divorce was allowed for one ( and only exception ):   adultery .
if jesus forbade divorce only , or even mainly , to protect married women , he would have allowed women ( and only women ) to divorce on additional grounds ( e.g. severe physical abuse or attempted murder ) .
google celebrates 50 years of lgbtq pride with animated doodle url via @etpanache
i asked 100 women which shampoo they preferred the number one answer was : ' how the fuck did you get in here ? '
former fbi director james comey 's testimony had some interesting news ; comey leaked his own note from his meeting with president trump - turns out it is against the law to leak government documents ( even non - confidential ) , obama 's attorney general loretta lynch instructed comey to not call the investigation into hillary rodham clinton 's illegal use of an unsecure private server for confidential e - mails an " investigation " - close to obstruction of justice , and comey revealed president trump is not under investigation for colluding with the russians ( as the fake news media had reported ) .
the anti - trump crowd must be very disappointed as there was nothing for them in comey 's testimony .
a must read !
pc culture from politicians help kill christians says archbishop of irak .
the problem with ' islamophobia ' smearing ... iraq 's christians ' close to extinction ' url
my grandma died from a stroke while reading i guess she could n't put that book down .
salami preaches to kill the non - believers and gay people .
you know what i 'm talking about .
gusty winds , no .
gusty winds that can exceed 50 mph … yes , it can be a huge problem , especially as one approaches landing .
you know when you accept all these plea deals ?
when the investigators and the prosecutors have not done enough homework to go for a flat - out conviction .
like the screw - ups in the albatross and peter boy cases .
keith kaneshiro , katherine kealoha and jan futa are n't the cream of the law profession 's crop .
just folks drawing a meager salary and not ready for the big time .
these fucking kikes are going to get us all killed and you fucking retarded christian cretins are the reason they have power
is he the baby killing kind of " christian ? "
i 'm not a fan of that type .
latinamerican fans muslim fans 🤝 fighting kexols
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
do n't forget cats and dogs living together .
you sound like all previous anti immigrant jerks from those anti irish catholics , to the jews , to the hungarians ( all commies remember ) , to the italians ( all mafia , remember ) .
america the real israel is killing christians= missing homeless people those who did not receive 1st mark of beast network
i believe that god is not as hung up on sex as many of christians are .
why did jesus cross the road ?
because his dick was stuck in a chicken .
clearly how you feel about the price depends on whether you are paying or collecting .
usa states , sued , and lost , trying to preserve the low ball electricity rates that wac bennett negotiated for the bc half of the power generated by the columbia treaty dams after the fixed price contract period expired .
while that is a windfall of revenue for bc can bc depend on the usa columbia dams for power in an era when truth twistin trump plans physical border barriers and trade barriers to appeal to his base ?
the rise in electric rates after construction of the columbia , churchill falls and   la grande watershed hydro projects suggests that site c will generate a revenue windfall in the future .
i will trust these bitches when parts finally dates elizabeth
remember : a femoid can invalidate anything you say by simply saying " that 's weird . "
yeah lets compare the stats of how many people died because of weed influence to the one of how many people got killed by religious retards .
i m looking forward to the day we finally burn down all the churches and all those stupid books so humanity can finally advance without being held back by those faithful morons .
@franklin_graham you 're a lying grifter who scams people for money under the guise of christianity to enrich yourself .
contrary to the teachings of jesus .
and you ram your warped sense of humanity down the throats of the nation , again under the guise of christianity .
so um , fuck you .
🖕 🏻
tell that scumbag teacher if the jews in israel should become a miniority or be taken over by arabs .
netflix 's tales of the city is a lovingly composed panoramic photograph of san francisco queer culture url
so do you " keep an eye " on every christian you encounter as well ?
i mean , plenty of extreme christians around , quoting from a religious text that glorifies a vengeful , angry god that wiped out a planet full of people -- innocents included -- and preached hate , discrimination and divisiveness .
and let 's not forget christian history -- the crusades , the inquisition , etc .
< user > < user > can put it towards victims of gun violence since < date >
but the armenian genocide was just a prank
random person : : what are you mixed with ?
me : : my parents are both black .
person : : no way .
you are light - skinned with long hair .
me : : well , yes i 'm pretty sure i know my parentage .
person : : you must be mixed .
you are so pretty .
something something antifa are islamists
i 'll never consider myself average , no matter how many times i 'm met with hardship and failure i 'm no average bitch
would n't want to be in front of trump or barff ... those two half queers would be trying to bone you ...
how is leviticus revelation ?
it did not come from moses , it came from levites writing a moral code to distance their ppeople from babylonian morality .
i believe in revelaion , but can tell the difference between it and natural law reasoning and its context .
jesus is the one who his yoke is easy .
if you have a problem with that , take it up with him .
it was about the law serving the needs of humanity , ot piety .
paul knew he was flawed .
he did not know his views were clouded by his perculiar sexual orientation .
he was writing pastoral letters , not dogma for the ages .
whether you and i agree or not , the reactionary nonsense you call sexual morality is falling away with a newer generation , especially on gays and lesbians .
you can guide the juggeraut but you wo n’t stop it , nor will our lord .
and her husband , a very wealthy , middle - aged , out of touch white guy who avoided serving his country during the vietnam war as her ‘ advisor ’ .
( at 68 , 69 and 69 , are these three actually middle - aged ? )
i love this song because it tell 's you no matter who you are , our what you are , we 're all different !
at the end of the day we are all human , and we are all discriminating each other over the colour of our skin our how we dress !
we should treat each other with respect and the way we would like to be treated !
it 's 2019 can we just respect each other !
their is already so much bad in this world of our 's !
i 'm sure we do n't want any more .
the point of this song is that we should stop judging people and get on with our own business !
if your still reading this i hope you have an amazing day ! ! !
=) )
lol i did not want to run out of space but do not forget deplorable redneck bible clinging gun toting homo hating science deniers
when do catholics lose their virginity ?
at their baptism .
( a second , worse joke ) 
 how do catholics lose their virginity 

 en masse .
shade never made anybody less gay but conversion therapy and homophobia have caused violent and irreversible trauma to queer people all over the world
fools for making a point of slamming racist behaviour at the highest level in a country that 's been infected with racism for hundreds of years ?
you 're the fool .
wow you bigot .
i identify as a tiger .
that means i am 100 % a tiger .
it 's my identity and you need to be jailed if you call me anything other than a tiger for hate speech .
coworker : : but you 're not bipolar , so-- me : : uh , i actually am bipolar .
coworker : : oh .
well , we ca n't tell !
i 'm 22 .
this happened at work today when my coworkers were gossiping about the supposed mental instability of another ( absent ) coworker .
made me feel like my struggles with bipolar depressive disorder were invalid , invisible , angry .
< user > jesus is gay bt he the good kind of gay not like them fucking gay ponies
also using the bible as a history book is fucking retarded since stories like noah and the flood is a rip off of the demiurge of sumerian lore and passover has no basis in reality
so if a game peaks my interest i will prepare for it .
i will try and make it fun for everyone .
and by that i mean cutting out my swearing !
a disappointing and disgusting development , for sure , but hardly one which should surprise anyone who has followed the clergy sex abuse the past three decades .
i applaud marie collins ' integrity and her courage to speak truth to power .
it does n't surprise me that women often show more courage and integrity than men , probably because they 're not as prone to worship power and money as men .
shame on the catholic church for continuing the endless talk about justice for the victims of clerical child abuse and then refusing to take appropriate action !
i no longer get my hopes up because i see how corrupt and spineless my church leadership is .
hello i do nt speak german but i am a very proud white boy , and i d love to chat , drop me a line
i got a grip of pregnant homegirls but i ai n't seen not one baby daddy in any of they pictures ... where y' all niggas at ?
hiding and shit
what 's the difference between jesus christ and hitler ?
one is my lord and savior , the other was crucified .
how about the number of children who are hit in school zones by parents driving their kids to school ?
i started walking to school when i was 5 , this included crossing a fast moving creek and along roads without sidewalks in the 1970s .
the only person i ever knew who was hit by a car was a friend when we were cycling to school in grade 9 and he ran a stop sign .
parents today have become so overprotective and do everything for their kids , except teach to be accountable for their decisions and actions , no wonder they are lacking independence .
i went to the game and it was even worse in person .
there was precisely zero energy on the sideline , it was cold , raining and my team stunk up the joint .
by far , the worse game i have ever been to ..... ever .
what ’s the difference between maccas and a priest ?
maccas wait 10 years to put their meat in your buns ..
" a second teen victim recalls the stabbings .
says it took him awhile to realize it was n't a joke .
he heard someone yell " " run , he has a knife ! " " "
please i want to get raped
all these janetty sobriety jokes are weird after watching halloween havoc ' 98 earlier today . #
janelasspringbreak
the difference between jesus in person and a picture of jesus ?
it only take one nail to hang a picture
why would i read the bible that kike created faggoty anti white shit is for low t fuckbois like you speaking of which been touched by any priests lately in that kike run pedophile cult
unless the city or state is willing to keep the area clean , provide sanitary facilities , and trash pick up , i do not believe in beach access that literally leads to a private citizen 's back yard .
ask yourselves , would you like it if the city created a walkway that created access to your back yard and did not maintain the area ?
so people could go into an area you do not own or control and leave trash , be disruptive , or better still , use the area as a toilet because there are no sanitary facilities .
i get it .
i also know that there are plenty of beaches that are maintained by the city .
i never felt the need to encroach on someone else 's private property that they paid for .
it is hard for me to understand how people can be so disrespectful of boundaries and property .
man what bad timing it was to have ash wednesday on a day where there was a school shooter all those targets on those foreheads probably made it real easy for the guy
do n't these people have daughters / wives / mothers ?
how ould they feel if they were raped ?
fucking disgusting people .
ps i mean rapists not indians
i have nt been in mayo in around three years but back then it was one of the last good irish places left .
no , not at all .
these two people will take the country in vastly different directions .
the media is keenly aware that trump is vastly different than hillary .
gary johnson will not and can not win period , end of story .
out of 100 senators and 435 representatives , how many are libertarians ?
nationwide , down to the city council of bethel there are 143 libertarian holding elected office .
this is a fool 's errand .
if you want to see real change join opne of the major parties and vote for candidates that will change something .
get involved in the primaries and get incumbents voted out .
that 's where you 'll see change , not pissing into the wind .
god - fearing man i 'm just a god - fearing man , looking for answers .
but i find that the bible is curiously silent on streaming inter - racial midget porn .
as if you need more evidence to see how absolutely retarded flat earthers are
i am a follower of christ , though not of any denomination .
i grew up starting out mainly non spiritual , coming into this path spiritually about 3 years ago .
i seek to follow the early church standard of compassion , and leading others to christ by example .
though , in the theology i study , seeing others following other religions hurts ever so slightly .
ion ask a nigga for shit cause i wanna see what he gone do on his own 🤷 🏽‍ ♀ ️
there is so much anti american scum running around .
and you can see the white race destroying itself ,
never been accepted by my family but i 've been accepted by the community & my friends so that 's all that really matters 💛 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 # happypride # lgbtq # happypridemonth url
i 've had lots credit , etc probs b / c flat previously occupied by ppl ranging up traffic fines , unpaid bills etc & amp ; we do n't share name or dob
as bad as things are here , at least we can carry guns around .
* these girls had some pretty punchable faces *
going into shelters and deporting illegal immigrants is morally incorrect but the government does not run solely on morals and i think before you guys debate it understand that dealing with what is legal and illegal is the job of our government
what is similar between the polar express and my pastor ?
they both come fast and pick up a lot of young children .
saying you hate all white people men straights is not funny or quirky oh my god
who did the priest go looking for in china ?
sum yang ho
interesting that a third of the citations above are about police shooting bystanders ...   yet people say all the time only police should have guns ...
ca n't forget some of the works done by sushma ji -she provided medical visas to pakistanis even during the conflict -she helped in the rescue of hundreds of indians from yemen -roared like a lioness in un in mother tongue one of the best foreign minister .
rip # sushmaswaraj
an entitled mum against trans people .
we have dipped as a species .
in all fairness , good story .
you keep being you , and remember that you will always have friends to support you in your toughest times
president donna jane trump is the antichrist of revelation and a tranny and you fools that think she 's male are deceived by hollywood and washington
the majority in quebec and probably in troc actually favoured the cpc 's proposal that people of all races and religions while taking the oath of canadian citizenship should not cover their faces and hide their identity with a burka or any other face covering .
the liberals are as out of touch with majority canadian opinion on this as they were when the pm tweeted that canada is open house for anyone from anywhere anytime and the resulting dramatic increase in phony refugees - about half with criminal records - crossing into canada illegally and having their bags carried by the rcmp began and continues .
but enlighten me on this - egypt is over 90 % muslim including president el - sisi and yet the egyptian parliament under his direction is now banning the wearing of the niqab , burka and other face coverings in pubic places .
is this anti - muslim dog whistle politics , is el - sisi a secret jewish agent , or is it   that el - sisi has n't yet met and learned ( lmao ) from the clown prince ?
lmaoo yeah real funny dumbass like i said usually when blacks place a real interest in a sport they tend to excel in it because blacks are more athletic than whites anything measurable yet
if i think he thottin i m a do it first i am gon call my side bitch we gon do the work 🥴
the lds " church " is a racist cult that protects rapists and child molesters .
@snowwhat5 arresting preachers on street corners , churches will be next .
equality for all means * all *
what actionable things would you recommend to do to further men 's rights ?
begging all sikhs men to wear colorful turbans .
really brightens my day
did jesus die a virgin ... of course not !
he got nailed before he died .
this cathocuck literally argues that to be a good christian you need to be a cuckold ok folks no more making white babies go to the nearest ghetto and adopt a dindu you heard the man cuck schmitz email < email >
gab day i think it a great day to get the word out to all of our friends family coworkers and fellow countryman about where to find a real uncensored free speech community to replace that globalist internet spying ghetto called twitter let make today gabday
@realdonaldtrump @whitehouse sir i am not a dem or rep. i am us citizen .
evil exist in any race , color and race .
so lets pray for the soul of those nnocent people in texas and ohio .
i think god is great and he gives lives and take lives .
god bless their souls and god bless the usa&potus
lmaoo yeah real funny dumbass like i said usually when blacks place a real interest in a sport they tend to excel in it because blacks are more athletic than whites anything measurable yet
.@mich_mcconnell it 's fine , had the same argument 100s of times ... you will eventually argue abortion has zero to do w/ having a kid or not
christianity is a vile plague that brainwashes innocent victims ; specifically targeting the young , ignorant , and vulnerable .
naaaaaah , nancy keeps saying that herr trump is a man that she can do business with .
what could go wrong ?
what 's the difference between acne and a catholic priest ?
acne will wait until you 're a teenager before it comes in your face .
christians , especially evangelicals , are , almost by definition , gullible .
it is   not surprising at all that so many support trump .
agreed !
also a very dangerous move for both our nation and the world .
fundamentalist evangelicals as well as fundamentalist catholics are a very dangerous and even deadly bunch .
why ?
they do not know when to stop .
please recall the vatican ( pius xi and xii ) alliance with hitler and the nazis .
a great many people died or were severely damaged due to that alliance which made it easier for hitler to wage wwii .
it takes a family three generations to recover from such a devastating and/or deadly event .
that is why i call the pro - life and family values movement a pro - death and family destruction happening .
< user > just in time for columbus day judge rules that white people can enter any property claim it is theirs and kill the inhabitants
i have read a lot of bullshit in the media lately but really this must be the bullshit of all bullshit , 

 the statistics so well listed but all crap .
what is the author here really trying to say when he / she refers to the atheist 's   preferance of animals ? "
they prefer cats over dogs and they prefer reptiles " .
please contact me and i will put you in contact with many of my atheist friends to enable you to get a better and   far more realistic and true picture of atheists and maybe then you can write another article with   real and true facts and figures .
let me guess ... you are christian and under the impression that atheist = satanist ?
your lack of knowledge makes you look like a 100 % idiot .
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
this is silly .
hardly any catholics believe that contraception is wrong .
https://www.americamagazine.org/content/dispatches/us-catholics-hold-mixed-views-religious-liberty-issues
here 's my clarification - 
 - 
 my comment was   ---- my take on " giving gifts to the wealthy " .
- 
 and that particular comment   was   in answer to the comment of john kawamoto which cited washington posts " https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2017/09/28/9-ways-trumps-tax-plan-is-a-gift-to-the-rich-including-himself/?utm_term=.0e32f7ad6349 
 - 
 your reply of   " economic policy is more complicated than that . "
was followed with reagan having the highest government spending , etc .
etc .
which incidentally appears to me as irrelevant to what consists of an " ecomomic policy " as well as having nothing to do with my take on " giving gifts to the wealthy " .
-
what 's the difference between a straight wedding and a gay wedding ?
the reasons the parents are crying .
< user > and democrats will never ever again call you racist sexist nazis no sir never
do n't try to turn this into an immigration issue .
we could care less where he 's from .
we do n't want him to speak for us .
@triggerasaurus
well ... hello to you too cunt ... looks like that cunt is begging for daddy 's cock
i 'd rather have a flat bitch then a bitch who cheats&#128521 ;
victor , walk away ... !
i know you guys ,   and you are too smart to fall for this .
the kkk members have long been " equal opportunity " bigots ...... catholics .... jews ... blacks .... " let 's hate them all ! "
i think he 's aware of his own sexuality ...
she looks to be the type to make nipples hard , and dicks soft .
straight pride looks wild
no wonder this article took 4 people to write it .
one to make it up and three others to prepare invoices for the globe .
educators live in a world far different than small or large business owners .
i liken this article to the 500 pound fat man telling me how to diet to lose weight .
i am sure the province of ontario may have funded their research as well .
what does roman catholic have to do with jews were not the catholics the crusaders we need to fight the arabs not the jews not yet anyway
thank you sr mary
one bloke over the line and it 's a milo contracting hiv from the last african he was penetrated by .
interesting article ... 
 my first thought too was ; 
 " made in china" ..... (as in falls apart in 4 years ) 
 however for anybody with a remote cabin or boat etc , these are already a great idea .
battery costs etc are still high .
investing in it ( csiq ) has been only mildly rewarding ( on volatility ) .
the market has all but given up on this sector .
ontario offered a great buy back price for solar electricity around 1995 ( ? ) ...
everybody went nuts with panels on every farm .... then they reneged on the price deal .
definitely did not get a chance to run revamped # crotasend this week .
also , looking pretty slim to do # vaultofglass next week . & #
128533 ;
you are giving the muslims a pass .
check out the qu'ran .
you are an infidel paul scott , worthy   only of death .
taqiyya is their moral authority that teaches it is good and religiously correct to lie to , cheat , rape and murder infidels whenever it benefits the muslim .
interestingly enough , christians are taught to love their enemies as they love themselves . (
small difference ? )
niggas be so hurt when you do not want to fuck with them
funny cause rainbows are actually in the bible !
it 's a symbol of god 's promise not to destroy the world .
lame niggas get a plug and put the police in they sight
a man says to a waitress i ’ll have the spicy sauce because i ’m well hard waitress : how hard ?
man : harder than a priest in an orphanage .
i will trust these bitches when parts finally dates elizabeth
must kill collabvm users for the glory of allah
immigration minister has no clue what to do : for the first time he has to deal with real refugees .
snowden risked his freedom for others .
these people risked their freedom to shelter snowden .
let them in !
poor tdm , 
 thousands , even tens of thousands of posts , a lifetime of radical liberal activism , going up in smoke .
and despite all the liberal attempts at buying an audience to lecture on their obsolete and intolerant marxism , whereby a few self - serving bosses line their pockets at the workers ' expense,-- no one cares .
except for a few center - parted , graying , hysterical kumbaya radicals , no one would walk a mile , let alone take a single step for the liberals , for gerald butts or the flat - faced , whiny - voiced justin , a part - time drama teacher who could n't hold down his job .
how sad .
how delightful .
@teamcornyn c hick - fil - a that discriminates against gay people .
and you run this promo during # pridemonth   totally tone deaf .
@millie__weaver shove your bible up ur ass
< user > barack hussein obama the first muslim president of the usa is almost gone this will end soon
italy is for italians get the immigrants to go back to their shitholes america is for americans europe is for europeans clear
the real debate is who would be more dangerous to the country , currently most agree that clinton and trump are both dangerous .
do you suggest we vote for a dangerous person to be president ?
i 'm hopeful that my state will be the first to elect a third party candidate .
i can dream ca n't i ?
come on guys , join my dream !
riiight 

 quebec is not part of canada apparently 
 did the west diversify from oil ?
ralph klein could have made alberta the centre of anything in the world .. instead : ralph bucks cheques sent to people ... how is that going ?
dude , you are an infidel .
i agree some people in america do not know the truths about this political system of sharia law i do not want that in america i will not accept such savagry on women and children
< user > i am saying you are stupid for painting all arabs under the brush
niggas who call females a bitch are disgusting and make me cringe url
jews have alot to answer for including the creation of fake sand nigger religions like christianity islam responsible for genociding millions of white
me to .
i dedicate my life to my career because i have nothing else to look forward to 
 kv 26 m the only reason why i have so much money and so advanced in my career is because i have no social life 

 studying and taking my job home with me keeps me occupied and keeps from * censored * .
if i allow myself to express my feelings to you or tell you i miss u do n't take advantage of it cause it takes so much out of me to admit it
lol i did not want to run out of space but do not forget deplorable redneck bible clinging gun toting homo hating science deniers
this ol soft spoken ass nigga .
on god he was molested as a child
so this is one of my coming out stories , since i have three lol .
i figured i should post this for # pridemonth2019 , and for anyone who 's questioning coming out , the best advice i can give is to do it to someone you know wo n't judge you and work up from there ♥ ️ ♥ ️ 😘 url
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
does alexis think he 's a fucking conductor or something ?
man is waving his arms about like peak gustav mahler
i like my babies the way i like my memes ... deep fried .
canie : that 's fine !
we know and understand where you live and cheer , however   them 's the real facts about markets and where the money is located .
montreal and toronto are considered major markets like new york and chicago .
vancouver and ottawa are middle to small markets compared to minor american markets   such as rochester .
there is a   significant reason why new york , montreal and toronto lead the league in revenue and ottawa and the peg do n't .
i hope your horses and saullie 's   are safe and a sound .
because he was getting out of the way of his cousin , the christ .
he deliberately spoke out against the sinfulness of the king .
he was not stupid , he knew the consequences .
latinamerican fans muslim fans 🤝 fighting kexols
freeloaders
appsc website ca nt hold high number of visitors.so mails will be sent .... what seriously is this .. even at every step this happening @ncbn
an entitled mum against trans people .
we have dipped as a species .
in all fairness , good story .
you keep being you , and remember that you will always have friends to support you in your toughest times
thomas storck 's father was a practical atheist , but he loved collecting books- especially prayer books . #
jhprogram
good chance i am guessing .
dion would love not to lose to the leafs
* non - ivos related * hello girls , watch this video .
we all need to hear these things ❤ ️ 🥰 1 .
your beauty does not depend on your daily emotions .
2 .
you are not made for the world 's standards .
do you ever wanna run away ?
do you lock yourself in your room with the radio on turned up so loud that no one hears you 're screaming ?
lmao i thought they already did this on the history channel look goys jesus wasn t a white guy with blonde hair but a sand nigger mexican
fag exposed # fag # fagexposed # faggots url
poorly written and an exposure of how some people think ..... as i say , he would be largely unemployable even in sa
" research causes cancer in rats " ?
what on earth does that mean ?
the judge triple white and he hate your blackness slam the gavel with a racist passion
nothing royal about this wedding he is a bastard and she is a nignog halfbreed thot and a divorced catholic to boot it is notable that both the father of the bride and the father of the groom did not attend
" you forgot newfoundland and labrador as it is well know quebec hydro makes billions a year off the deal they and the canadian government forced on newfoundland and labrador ... " 
 québec and canadian government " forced " on n&labrador ? ? ?
where did you get that ?
québec has a signed , legally binding contract with newfoundland .
( not directly with the newfoundland government but with his “ representative legal bureau ” ) .
since when are contracts cancelled and rendered null and void because of / due to " mercy " ?
at the time , hydro - québec was the only entity willing to pony up .
bay street and wall street would n't .
and worst of all , not even the fed in ottawa .
but we all were surprised by the sudden and drastic rise in the price of energy in the early 70s .
perhaps mr couillard could ask the premier of newfoundland when québec can expect the return of labrador which was stolen from québec by a foreign nation ( england ) and given to a foreign nation 's colony 
 ( more to come clancy )
< user > stop believing what donald duck trump says per person the european 🇪 🇺 pay the same and we did not shout usa sgould be taking all these iraq afghanistan war refugee and we did not say pay us for the 1 0 _ 15million refugees from the wars
< user > crimson peak voting for anything else would be homophobic
if he 'd shot santa would it have been christian terrorism ?
or ' just ' a mentally ill person ?
just sayin ' .
it 's great to see buddhism emerging positively in the political setting .
that was exactly the point of that case .
gta market has two storms coming its way .
1 .
interest rates have just started their long climb up .
2 .
osfi 2 % stress test on uninsured mortgages ( 80 % of market ! ) .
ps : could newspapers stop quoting economists working for banks , realtors and mortgage brokers .
they are biased and their quotes are misleading .
i am good with a trade war .
it will give us exposure to some excellent european and south american products at reasonable prices with no us conglomerates blocking them .
how did a priest get the nun pregnant ?
he got an altar boy to lick her cunt .
god is black .
jesus is black .
the blacks in america are the true biblical jews .
the blacks in america are god 's chosen people .
whites are collectively known as esau or the edomites in the bible . "
as it is written , jacob have i loved , but esau have i hated . " -
romans 9:13 ( kjv )
@ladyj41 i have seen this at many trump rallies , it 's not unusual .
these crazies are kkk , white supremist , ekkklangelicals , kkkristians .
none are actual christians of any kind , but are fake christians that actually worship trump the dictator .
they are brimming full of hate for almost all .
i would have more confidence in this view if our schedule were more favorable .
we should start strong , but then we face of buzzsaw of road trips .
i would go straight for racist and blow that fucker right out of the water !
boom !
+ west kaintuck maybe if you idiots stopped flying the stars and bars while passing draconian laws on women that 's basically christian sharia law and still implementing institutional racism then we 'd give you a break .
i know you guys love playing victims but you make yourselves look ridiculous .
god will not bless the republican party who bans christians including queers is tolerance banning christians is sin cpac is no longer christian
rachel - thank you for informing pps families of what is happening in pps .
the district never would have informed us .
this is criminal .
i want criminal investigations and indictments .
our school board continues to turn a blind eye to legal violations and harm to our children .
buddhists shit on kike filth religions so do most of the world we will kill kikes christfags hajjis as easy as stepping on ants
the holy roman catholic church is a child prostitution ring .
it should be shut down .
< user > every single white person found dead in a ditch
christ may own the church , but men run it .
and it was men , not catholic history , who said that women are inferior to men and thus can not be ordained .
and the men who are running the church are still saying that , even though they pretend they are n't .
paul i like you and appreciate what you are doing but you are being a retard right now
" we need another and a wiser and perhaps a more mystical concept of animals .
remote from universal nature and living by complicated artifice , man in civilization surveys the creature through the glass of his knowledge and sees thereby a feather magnified and the whole image in distortion .
we patronize them for their incompleteness , for their tragic fate of having taken form so far below ourselves .
and therein we err , and greatly err .
for the animal shall not be measured by man .
in a world older and more complete than ours they move finished and complete , gifted with extensions of the senses we have lost or never attained , living by voices we shall never hear .
they are not brethren , they are not underlings ; they are other nations , caught with ourselves in the net of life and time , fellow prisoners of the splendor and travail of the earth . "
- henry beston , american writer - naturalist
fuck this twitter mess cus all y ’ all some retarded birds nsu girls amp guys about to win the conference tomorrow tho behold
renjun is a lesbian entende
@boy_with_beanie bitch ur french tuck just because queer eye already
but the question to ask , if shoji was still coaching would the wahine have won both matches ?
i have no doubt in my mind that robyn can be and will be a great coach some   day .
i have seen the wahines in a rebuild year where everyone doubted their talent and the wahines won their conference .
as commentators said last night robyn needs to be patient because she is running a new system and making players play other positions .
" can you say illegal alien or radical islam ? "
i never use the feel - good term " undocumented immigrant " and i 'm as willing to say " radical islam " in the same breath as " radical christianity " like with the shooter at the planned parenthood clinic in colorado springs .
will you join me with that ?
< user > < user > are you sure i know most of you hate indian muslims and christians equally
also , it 's so sad to see so much pre made crap in their grocery buys .
does not know the difference between latino and spic but thinks it an authority also thinks it smart 🤔
posting this case because it deeply saddens me , not trying to rile people up
it illegal to compel a gay baker to bake a cake with a pro marriage message it illegal for a christian baker to be willing to serve gays but not be willing to bake a wedding cake for them tom trinko sjwlogic
omfg now i have to go to church on saturdays too , if god hates fags then i hate him too
they do n't cause autism and even if they did , dying from pertussis or tetanus is still worse .
i am sick and fucking tired of this
you know a nigga ca n't roast you when all they can say is lame ass fat jokes from 2002 😓
sloppy steve lmaooooo this man was born for this shit .
< user > i am saying you are stupid for painting all arabs under the brush
uses " cuck " , " pal " and has racist views .
calls others pussies while omplaining about being bullied for racist views .
obvious mlp string bean basement dork .
@danielotabor people bleach their skin to look ' prettier ' or more acceptable because they feel lighter skin shades are better .
anything to help dead that mentality is needed .
the song is one such approach .
in a way , it 's part of what mlk jnr fought for .
what use are self driving vehicles when congestion prevents them from driving anywhere ?
at least in a reasonable time period ?
mayb my feet are so small bc i have stubbed my toes so many times i stunted all possible growth years ago .
why can not women be catholic priests because you can not shove a vagina up a little boy arse
the pfd is gone .
there is no long term plan to keep it , regardless of what walker says , because the state government of alaska ca n't help itself .
the state budgets for 24,000 employees and spends the most money per resident of any state in america .
government spending and crony capitalism are alaska 's life blood to the economy and that is because no one lives here .
you have land mass the size of texas , california , and montana combined with a population of less than 1 million .
when people have to pay to live here , through some form of state taxes , there will be a mass exodus .
alaska natives are leaving rural alaska .
because it 's expensive to live there .
everything is more expensive and there 's no trade offs .
for example , living in california is expensive .
but food is cheap the weather is gorgeous year round .
also , bill walker lied about the pfd to get elected .
he is not the adult in the room .
he 's a crook .
the adult in the room would cut government spending .
alls my life i has to fight nigga
< user > its totly gcc countries muslim leaders fault beacuse of them these mother fukers can do anything with muslims of end ia
i want to drain my balls up her asshole !
now i wait to see which signed albums i got and the photo cards until i decide if i want to trade any or not .
shouts to all the limp bizkit and korn fans who made fun of me for listening to nigger music when i would play wu tang one of those < number > is forever and one of those < number > is for the children
< user > it ’ d be an awful shame if nazis showed up and made things worse 🤔
@habiibti _ " melanin too dark to throw her shade " you can be empowered by the song but it was very clearly an ode to dark skin women .
the hollywood ziojesuit multi cultural marxist scum uses africans their ghetto music homosexuals and other people of color to brainwash and normalize whites christians to their great replacement and genocide sick
renjun is a lesbian entende
< user > < user > my area pensioners saja pun ada liquor store 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️ 🤦 ‍ ♀ ️ dahla rata2 pious taoists buddhists christians muslims
y'all better start talking your homeboys out of making bad decisions ... a lot of niggas would still be alive or free if they had friends who actually cared
< user > its totly gcc countries muslim leaders fault beacuse of them these mother fukers can do anything with muslims of end ia
best live topic i have seen on gab check out this fucking mongrel having to raise this is a worse toll than mudshark glasses
the dividend is done but the corpus will survive .
it just wo n't grow as fast .
parkland school shooting once again someone attempted natures most dangerous game .
rich privileged white woman gets lost on tiny island .
they are retarded cucks that definitely bannable lol
@dloesch holy f ?
really ?
ok , all white cars are clearly a sign of racism too .
seeing attractive females makes me want to blow my brains out because i know i 'll never be with them .
" i am wondering , however , if those students will protest the nearest planned parenthood abortion clinic . "
well , i wonder if people should n't protest the nearest catholic church because at one time catholics burned " witches " at the stake , or because catholics at one time owned slaves , or because catholics at one time brutally tortured suspected heretics to get them to " confess " .
if you want labels to last forever , the catholic church does n't have a chance .
drop the stupid thing about planned parenthood and eugenics .
planned parenthood today is n't about eugenics just as the catholic church of today is about burning witches as the stake , torture , and slavery .
msw , you had something valuable to talk about and then distract from the focus by saying stupid things about planned parenthood .
get your head on straight .
i have a couple that i would gladly fire right beside you -- but just once , so it wo n't damage your hearing .
< number > taxi drivers sentenced and < number > more suspended in newcastle for raping and grooming children why is not this headline news bbc i will tell you it is because they are all pakistani heritage muslims who single out white children to groom and rape ignored by our liberal elite
what 's tragic is that i did n't even say hello , i immediately ran away oh wow i probably will regret about this but whatever
i want my nails done but i know they 'll get fucked up at work .
@ewerickson whoa there buddy ! ! !
who appointed you gatekeeper for christians ?
i 'm proud of my church .
' islamic ' terrorists , ' rght wing ' ' christians ' , atheistic killers , anti - abortionists , the dallas police assassin ; other than the truly mentally ill ( sandy hook ) , the only commonality i see is that they all are in truth and in fact ' losers ' and perceive themselves in that way .
they are trying to achieve something based on how the media will portray them after they are dead .
he 's a jew so i 'm sure he 'll be protected .
you are a be rollin margiela fuckin this nigger slammin
to understand the extreme right ( aka fascists ) in europe and n america , you have to understand the role of fundamentalist christianity .
they want to take us back centuries and attack progressive values in every sphere .
they must be fought .
url
i wo n't base my life on a book written 2000 years ago .
the bible is full of stories and written by people who participated in heinous crimes ranging from murder , genocide , mass murder , horrific child abuse , rape , incest , stonings , crucifixation , plagues etc .
people bitch and moan about sex education in school but find it perfectly acceptable to teach their children about an innocent man crucified on a cross .
the children 's edition has color pictures many churches especially catholic churches have life size replicas of naked bloody jesus hammered to a cross .
god did not forgive or forget .
he killed men , woman & children .
he killed anyone who crossed him .
he killed to make a point .
i was raised in a christain home , grew up in church .
now i refuse to go to church .
i despise organized religion .
god is a god of love , forgiveness and compassion yet the biggest hateful hypocritical bigots i have ever met claim they are christian & people of god .
hate preached from a pulpit is still hate .
if i do n't deserve love or compassion , why should i be forced to live ?
< user > his father is the most powerful man on the planet and i doubt young barron even cares or is even aware some dyke from snl slammed him you are crying murder over a papercut
cut 750 million in credits to the oil companies for starters .
in the 2nd grade my friend told me he was n't virgin since that i stayed away from his father .
never liked priests
her bull generously pumped a massive load of his cum into your wife 's pussy .
now you need to do as cuckold 's do .
you need to clean it up .
you need to swallow every drop of his thick , salty seed . #
cuckold # hotwife # cuckoldcaptions # creampiecleanup # cuckoldcreampie url
what is similar between the polar express and my pastor ?
they both come fast and pick up a lot of young children .
yea you oppress my people from the south but do nt mention the people from the north
sad but true .
our tax and credit regimes encourage this behavior .
i wonder if this will change over the next couple of decades .
i hope so .
where do you hide if you raped a child ?
behind an alter
they should take all the white americans held in our nations prisons and treat them just like this !
the .
there will be changes in how they are treated .
the immigrants committed the crime of fleeing for a better life .
priests are often to as leaders of the community if you ’re referring to paedophiles ,
and honestly i can not help but feel like if this was a white kid he would have been out on house arrest or some shit
the jews and muslims being assimilated by the catholic order anyways lets get back on topic
take your multinational corporations and go .
humanity is more than just a consumer body , gdp is not a measure of freedom or happiness .
the " pain " you speak of is economic opportunity for the indigenous population .
< user > there a rhyme pinch punch first day of the month this is accompanied by pinching and punching whoever it is that you are talking to they can give you a kick and a flick for being too quick or yell white rabbits at you it generally devolves into crying
here 's hoping this is the biggest most beautiful government shutdown ever !
the judge triple white and he hate your blackness slam the gavel with a racist passion
< user > < user > revenge for eu not helping turkey to look after < number > million bbc figures refugees
@bsv_metanet @richschultz3 religions should be forbidden .
every religious zealots would have kept us in dark ages if they could have done so , they tried , & failed .
we should burn them all like witches or keep them in church ghetto style area & go ahead with technology human enhancement for everyone else .
therefore let all the house of israel know beyond a doubt that god has made this jesus whom you crucified both lord and christ .
@fhollande
where 's kilian jornet when ya need him ? !
christians gon b mad when they die and they got ta suck jesus dick to get into heaven
will i get in trouble for saying nigger or towelhead here
why are they still there ? ?
start the deportation already
people nowadays want their 15 minutes of fame , well you got it .
now , i hope your ass gets slapped with a hate crime plus your friends ! #
justiceforjanice
would the protesting iranians prefer to experience all the benefits of diversity that a rothschild bank nation enjoys because that what they are demonstrating for elin krantz swedish woman raped murdered by an immigrant
but then you are stuck driving an abysmal econo coffin with a very short leash .
arabs , these guys are kings/ tyrants call them what you want , have no problem looking at women and letting them into their world when they travel with a rich , powerful person , there whole culture is based on the guy with the biggest stick can do what he wants as we have seen over and over from this part of the world .
it is not a problem , they did not have her drive .
when my wife and i drove through saudi she had to sit in the back seat with a burka on , but we are just people who are worth little in there world .
< user > < user > < user > this violence and all this madness in these people mind about killing unborn babies is based in raped women cases less than1 of the world wide cases we say no to rape and yes to life
< user > to be fair a few of them no doubt did come here before the us was established thomas jefferson also created the us navy to deal with the muslim barbary pirates who had been demanding huge amounts of in protection money from the colonies for years
good column ( notwithstanding misuse of cognitive dissonance ) .
when it becomes generally clear that this presidency is a gong show , someone will ring the gong .
does not know the difference between latino and spic but thinks it an authority also thinks it smart 🤔
an idea for the holiday : the king herod abortion clinic .
all the niggas i know in the hood that got mad kids with different women always had a touch of retardation but were good at talking to women .
man i love these girl scout cookies oh look !
made with real girl scouts !
your racist bigotry against all religions except christian and all government except pure conservative republican no matter the topic spews forth again .
obama is to blame for everything being a black man daring to hold the highest office in the land .
if only more bush , trump , cruz , ad nauseum were in charge , the nation would be just hunky dory .
stupid .
hey jonah , 
 you 're old enough to remember that lederer and burdick 's " ugly american " was actually a good guy , who worked out in the fields with the asian locals instead of sitting around plush cocktail parties with ambassadors and government experts . (
see viet nam )   of course , in popular parlance it came to mean those brash noisy   rich americans with little regard for the opinions of the locals .
you are right , though , there are environmentalists , as with others , who push extreme positions which produce push back .
i wish they 'd stop it .
the basic truth , however , is that the majority of   climate scientists do believe in the probability of human - related climate change , and the funding for the push back comes from folks like the koch brothers who want   no limits on their   profit - making ..
omar is a b. let 's be honest about it .
she 's said reprehensible things about america and our president .
she 's speaks positively about al - qaeda .
she 's an ungrateful immigrant .
oh and now she 's a victim ?
no , she 's a coward .
attention women of all genders
i may take you up on that boss , but if i do , know that it 's going to be a lot more than 2 barrels .
if politicians at the federal , state and local levels are auctioning off god - given life - sustaining resources while prohibiting citizens from using those same resources , it will force people into choosing between self - sufficiency or literally depending on private equity firms to survive .
i 'll let you guess what side i 'm on .
religion needs to be annihilated peacefully and without tyranny
@neiltyson kill em all , let god sort them out ?
i hope it is forgotten and we focus on the holdomor and the death of 10 million christians .
jews and vatican using the niggers to do dirty work jews used rome to kill jesus nothing new under sun fuck the vatican and the catholic church with is dead jesus on the cross the cocksuckers of tammuz pope kiss a a babies cock dirty pedo wankers
she 's just another political piece of shit exploiting the fears of morons for her own support .
as an athiest i hate everything about her and her radical christian terrorist tactics
the impeachment delusions again , please grow up
but do n't follow me follow me , and i will break your heart .
naah .
pot was mad ahead of pof bro @tegaever
the only thing i 'll say is there 's no need to bring the other members into this .
tae & amp ; jungkook are grown ass individuals .
how do you get a nun pregnant ?
dress her like an altar boy
and who could think of a better spokesman for christianity than the donny -- aside from the fact that his endlessly gullible fans have endowed him with a kind of godliness , including all those holy hypocrites in the evangelical community .
even their hero knows it 's a farce , with his big grin in the pic instead of his standard scowl .
proving yet again that religion is merely a cloak that people put on when it suits them , not something they let intrude upon their real material lives ; anyway , to their uncritical minds , when they ask for divine forgiveness they always get it .
if there is a god , trump will surely take a lot of forgiving ( his confession should cost any supreme being a month of time at least ) .
this president is beyond parody .
unless of course he was placed upon this earth to give us our nuclear armageddon ... yes , that must be it ... it all makes sense now .
this cathocuck literally argues that to be a good christian you need to be a cuckold ok folks no more making white babies go to the nearest ghetto and adopt a dindu you heard the man cuck schmitz email < email >
bernie sanders writes in opinions : the straightest path to racial equality is through the one percent url
saying you hate all white people men straights is not funny or quirky oh my god
< user > crimson peak voting for anything else would be homophobic
ruhi singh is an indian actress
did nt you read the part where the us doctor said that his treatment , which   can be painful , would not save charlie 's life ?
did you not read the part where he is irreversibly brain damaged ?
and do n't be smug about socialized medicine ; american insurance companies kill people all the time !
we 've had patients - not irreversibly ill patients , mind you - travel to cuba and other countries for care because it 's affordable there ... patients denied everything from mental health to life - saving , fda - approved drugs ... diabetics who can not afford insulin .
so before you go on and on with this one story , think about this : would you rather have your healthcare decisions being made by a non - profit , government salaried employee than to an employee working for an insurer who makes money when a patient is denied care - after this patient has probably paid hundreds of thousands in premiums through the years so some ceo fat cat can make his $ 101 million ( united healthcare 's ceo ) ?
a boy is told to go to the store to buy a cake for his birthday , but finds that they 're all sold out .
what does he come home with instead ?
aids
< user > these elites including merkel can integrate my fuß up their arse i bet they do not have any arabs in their gated communities but they are more than happy to see the world burn speakfreely merkelmussweg afd deutschland welt europe
jesus does n't condone beheadings either .
chapo apartheid must end .
i got clowned on by succdems in the hotgang playground last night and they pushed me down and i scraped my knees uwu
i thought gays get an instant ticket to hell from " god " without question
massachusetts with all the racist white people over there , i see why they call it massachusetts ...
can you believe that justin and selena stans are talking ab their faves being better under a post about the dead legend kurt ?
bc i can .
so her white ass did not just say the n word and say the d and f word bitch eye url
that 's nice .
beggar praying for salvation of the world .
he vandalizes the temple business area because rich rabbis are profiting by fooling the gullible masses .
they hold secret meetings .
get that beggar crucified at the hands of romans .
that beggar transforms into the only begotten son of your god yhwh .
i will proclaim the lord 's decree : he said to me , " you are my son ; today i have become your father .
url hollywood producers threaten to ostracize you then get you arrested then spread decades spreading lies against you , such as they did with mj and whomsoever speaketh against them .
when you lay down with dogs you wake up with fleas , the old saying says .
this right - wing absolutist christian would have little appeal to thinking people .
but american isamerica .
good point .
strange how the republicans have n't figured it out yet .
hmm .
seems as though the gov is getting a little trumpy and needs to have her hand slapped .
thinks god told him it ok to attack women confuses christianity with islam ideology still says he christian 🤔
how are dildos and knives different ?
i would never stab a toddler with a knife .
why do n't western leaders press egypt , turkey , pakistan , and other muslim nations on violence directed towards christians ?
does n't rino sit in the most polluted zip code in the country ?
would amazon build there ?
to feel the effect of psp , the level of psp does n't have to be very much .
if you felt the effects of psp , you would be dead .
you had a reaction to something other than psp .
if you 're willing to risk your life by eating untested shellfish , you should be willing to give it to your dog and wait a half hour before you eat it yourself .
psp can be very bad in very low concentrations .
seriously !
it 's as though china , russia and india along with others have zero regard for any kind of life including people .
the us is quickly on it 's way to having a bunch of soulless people too though .
“ never let a bitch take your spot period ” rosa parks < number >
i fucking drank a cup of water that cats drink out of .....
here 's a long series ending with jewish jokes !
how do you start a fight between two catholic priests ?
toss a little boy in between them !
who wins the fight ?
michael jackson !
how do we know ?
jared from subway filmed it !
how do you start a fight between two jewish rabbis ?
swap out the boy for penny !
who invented copper wire ?
those two jewish rabbis fighting over that penny !
evil is your government sans the bill of rights .
duh .
however , i 'm not a christian , so sell your evil nonsense down the road .
but can you believe crime exists ?
crazy , huh ?
and what 's   even crazier is that the public and cops commit plenty of crimes .
what should we do ?
but first , put your helmet on .
.@mich_mcconnell it 's fine , had the same argument 100s of times ... you will eventually argue abortion has zero to do w/ having a kid or not
yeah you better show alittle more than what islam promotes and does do nt see hordes of jews burning christians and preforming honor killings
ffs , hakuna your tatas you fear - mongering doom - prophesying bible - thumpers .
how do you think anyone not christian feels about having to listen to religious pap when they are trying to conduct government business ?
this country was founded on the idea of religious freedom , which means all religions .
the whole christianity thing in our money , in our pledge , etc . -
recent additions .
separate the church and the state , otherwise - start taxing the churches .
period .
i eagerly await the invocation of the following deities : 
 flying spaghetti monster ( blessed by thy noodly appendage , r'amen ) 
 dionysus 
 cod ( of troutianity ) 
 odin ( the all father ) 
 athena 
 zeus 
 castiel 
 lemmy kilmister 
 douglas adams 

 or , gee ... maybe we could not have a government - sanctioned prayer at government meetings .
y'know , follow the letter of the law ?
what 's the difference between jesus and the chicken that crossed the road ?
jesus died on the cross
life has its ups and its downs if you are a normie 
 if you are an ugly male though , it just has its downs .
fallout mods are all bad everything on nexusmods is fucking that lady and she said she wanted her name to be grease .
there is no such thing as ' islamophobia ' just as there is no such thing as ' naziphobia ' .
these are genuinely f*cked up people who should n't be on the same planet
right wing nut jobs ... really .
i mean really .
go rapture yourselves .
leave the rest of alone .
we 'll keep the earth , you can go to heaven .
drink a fucking punch and just go away .
@fieldofsavages read this shit its insane https://t.co/7uvyzsiaqk
you do have some good points .
there is real religious persecution in the world .
christians are being beheaded in muslim countries .
and judging is wrong , which is what you are doing to me .
and even though christianity is under attack , it really is not that bad , but it is part of the progressive agenda .
and jesus did say we would face persecution .
and the church should welcome gay people into their churches .
but we can not approve of sex between a man and a man .
this is why we won , because americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable .
we need to fight back against the synagogue and their white / mexican / black communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them .
i am armed and i am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to mexico / guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways .
illegals must die .
lmfao actually all of these fucking guys should be castrated for this shit jesus christ .
what is the difference between a catholic priest and acne ?
acne does n’t come on a little boy ’s face until after they are thirteen
you know , rogue , you make catholicism utterly unappealing .
and appalling .
what ’s the difference between jesus and a painting ?
it only tales one nail to put up a painting
" i think something that is n't explored is that 99 % of those who claim this religions exemption only target one group - homosexuals .
they never target adultery or other sins that the bible talks about .
this to me shows that it 's not really about religion at all . "
agreed .
there are a lot of fake christians out there who have a problem with gay marriage but if you a convicted murderer .. not a problem .
see richard ramirez who was known in the 1980 's as the night stalker .
a convicted serial killer who was married at san quentin in 1996 .
do n't remember a whole lot of ( if any ) religious groups protesting this marriage .
the little guy
i would never join a christian group , or a group that would allow christians to join .
the jews and muslims being assimilated by the catholic order anyways lets get back on topic
here 's the simple fact .
whenever a middle eastern terrorist mentions a name or group , that is all that is necessary to decide that it is the fault of any and every muslim .
we attack entire countries .
but white guys ?
they 're always solely responsible for their acts url
does the equalityact allow a man in the girl locker room so long as they identified as a woman if so are women okay with that
maybe the poor level of play , ridiculous coaches / coaching , and lack of all around quality are what turned a lot of us away in the first place .
that , and the " team " is more like a drunken fraternity than a competitive force on the ice .
feelthejohnson ?
yep !
every bernie supporter is feeling that right now .
lol
only atheists care about life , religious nuts only cares about their own life to the point where almost all wars have been due to one religion proving superiority over another .
and it 's still happening .....
hillary to degenerate one dyke to another
i agree , are you speaking of the people of north / south korea , japan , guam ... ?
< user > < user > not as sad as i am that we have an anti democracy white supremacist racist anti refugee hater of the poor and weak islamaphobe hater pres who is weakening the usa and adding to the destruction of the environment and national monuments
< user > < user > rip to your bird
i am so tired of corporate america i am only < number > years old and i feel like i have been in this bitch for < number > years
everything is a reminder of our subhumanity 
 watch a live stream 

 think about donating as i like the show 

 streamer shows or talk about his gf 

 never watch the stream again 




 watch a movie / serie 

 principal character has a gf 

 stop watching 




 read a book 

 principal character has a gf 

 stop reading
< user > < user > sister during that period our tamil nadu dmk government and indian congress government join to kill all my tamil people in our freedom in sri lanka
i worry about any1 who excludes their own race as a dating option .
but that 's just me .
honestly , i like the rockies ' chances better going against the league 's top aces than i do late season call - ups / fifth starters .
its almost like they get too aggressive or impatient against the latter .
you could see this one coming from a mile away .
now they probably have to win at least two out of four in petco to still be in playoff position when they come back home .
as long as they fall to no worse than one back , i still feel okay going into the last home stand .
but they 've got ta be smarter at the plate .
yes , ask her who she spoke with about coming out and see if she can help you or introduce people in her trans network to you to help start the initial process of claiming and becoming the real you .
after all , this is pride month all month long .
i wonder what these four trump loving bishops will do when the evangelicals want to use religious freedom excuses to discriminate against hispanic catholics because they are n't really christian , they are pagans in christian clothing .
we 've all waited years for the us congress to act on immigration .
meanwhile people deserve to have answers and lives .
personally , i hope canada takes as many dreamers as possible .
the more smart , dedicated people we have in this country , the better off we 'll all be .
and even if , some day , congress gets its act together and invites them back , the people we will have helped will be canada 's friends for the rest of their lives .
if you fuck with lame niggas then you a lame bitch
@senkamalaharris @repcummings we should deport all illegal men , women and children immediately .
enter the country through a port of entry as the law requires .
we can solve this problem very easily .
immediately deport them .
build the damn wall !
kill that bible thumping fuck face .
the white man is the devil romans 9 and 13 god say he hate the white man that 's why they 're going to be slaughtered when christ come
somebody deport this dipshit
nothing in the constitution say 's we have to take everyone that wants in .
maybe your reading comprehension is not what you think it .
feminists do n't hate men .
they hate their own biology .
last night i had an old white pilot say the mayor of chicago is a lesbian black woman all in your face sir what in the entire hell are you trying to say get the entire f*ck < censored > out of my face
gosh i wonder if methamphetamine is involved ?
actsismmlj correctlyobeyed god does n't exist , bitch .
if he did ?
let that bitch called jesus get killed over and over again !
nasty subhuman religion .
also using the bible as a history book is fucking retarded since stories like noah and the flood is a rip off of the demiurge of sumerian lore and passover has no basis in reality
oh lawd , is the columnists really going to go with the idea that people who do n't like kenney are just prejudiced against white christian males ?
kenney spent 9 years in various harper cabinets .
he mangled the temporary foreign workers programme , used his staff in a   photo op for immigration ceremony and refused to apologize ( literal fake news ) , went after refugee health care , just issued a statement saying you have to be prosperous before you can be compassionate ( quoting jesus there ) , he 's smug , self satisfied , sanctimonious and smug - oh , did i say smug already ?
but most of all - he 's a man without a plan .
rolling back a carbon tax and squalling at quebec , trudeau and   bc is not a plan .
will albertans vote for that ?
i hope not .
since < time > na syempre parehas naman maingay maya < number > points sa lahat ng auradon students love you guys have a great night
what do you get when you blend a nazi and a communist together ?
ground meat .
man i know that catholics have the whole infallibility thing in their view of the pope since vatican i but come on .
many of the conservative and liberal catholic commentators here read so many far fetched and ridiculous things into what was suppose to be a joke from the pope .
i mean seriously .
can francis not be a human being and joke around with his associates without people reading ridiculous things like " he 's talking about not complaining about women 's ordination or child sex abuse " or the most ridiculous " this reminds me of fr maciel and the legions of christ " .
really ?
i bet if the pope made a joke about the simpsons people would be reading ridiculous social implications of his statements .
lighten up people
jremington , that is pure speculation .
you are attempting to mind read mr. taylor .
however , if your point is that under some circumstances , possession and use of a firearm will not aid in self - defense , i agree .
attacks with explosives , chemical , biological weapons , acid , and in the case of las vegas , a distant shooter ( a sniper ) whose location would be difficult to find , would not be successfully defended with a just a firearm .
it does n't behoove anyone on oahu to support a misconceived , poorly planned and amateurishly managed project ( rail fail ) that will barely assist a miniscule fraction of the population .
most of whom will continue driving anyway .
( aha !
i got to use behoove and miniscule ! )
i want a dyke clique
best live topic i have seen on gab check out this fucking mongrel having to raise this is a worse toll than mudshark glasses
i 'm just saying that , as an atheist , i 'm hell - bound anyway , right ! ?
but if i had the resources i would like to orchestrate a large scale purge of the communists living in america right now .
you can sit back and pray for me to stop , but i wo n't .
then once all the commies been physically removed form our nation , all the patriotic christians can have this country back as they deserve .
i 'll die and go to hell , but that would have happened anyways .
my soul is small sacrifice for the future of america .
voting against the no development party is in the best interest !
i did not join this holy church for a twelve step meeting or a picnic .
why do n't the lot of you just join the presbyterians if you hate the mass so much .
the true faith of jesus christ will outlast this silliness .
as a woman i do n't want to validate my gender with holy orders .
what good is that ?
i want to become a saint and ascend the heights of heaven .
wake up laodicea !
you are wretched and miserable , naked and poor .
http://erenow.com/ancient/early-christianity-and-paganism-1902/25.html
holy shit the governor of new york is a gay black jewish muslim
hijabs and burkas are to hide scars from abuse and acid burns to women from men who think they own them if you wear them or are ok with women wearing them you have to admit you are ok with abusing women
anyone that does n't think humans are the most important living beings on earth has down syndrome .
you wanna downvote something you fucking retards ?
rub your catholic dick over my swear words , i 'm tired of you reddit faggots .
why do n't you just smack your heads into the ground ?
you 're a bunch of fucking monkeys .
any incels here skate 
 tfw landed my first trey flip
hate a nigga that be in female mess .
that 's a bitch trait .
both are crimes .
influx in crime does n't mean you ignore it .
it takes time to build structures , and until then more criminals means cramped space .
when over one hundred thousand people are crossing illegally a month , what else besides this should be expected .
there is no best case scenario , unless you want to include people not trying to enter another country illegally .
< user > trump erroneously presented the total number of aliens in the country < number > million as the number of illegal aliens in this country
< user > < user > < user > < user > those people are dumb norway is less than < percent > the size of the states it like < percent > white and fairly culturally homogenous most of the immigrants come from white christian cultures it would be like trying to base national policy on some statistics about colorado
smoove criminal moonwalk on a hoe like michael
i ca n't wait for islam to take out christianity lol .
they 're coming for the south , see if your jesus will save you .
burn down christian churches
< user > good nite trailer trash
" we do get it .
unlike the celibate hierarchs , we know that procreation is not the only acceptable reason for having sex .
we also have friends and relatives who are lgbt , and we realize that they are not the blatant sinners we are told they are . "
heterosexual catholics readily admit the sinfulness of normal sexual acts committed outside of marriage .
gays insist that their sexual acts are sinless .
what a strange twist on sexual morality .
i took my black powder < number > cal muzzie loader out to the road mounted on the scope i can even use rocks when i run out of lead great gun except in the rain
someone in this ' spoons bathroom asked if i was fucking jayden , then confirmed i was not in fact , candice .
i think it 's time to leave .
the article mentions polls , but leaves out a few numbers : 

 1 .
" ms. le pen has been on a roll in recent months " 

 in late january , le pen was leading with about 26 % in the polls , with fillon and macron tied at about 22 % .
mélenchon was at 11 % .
today , macron leads le pen , with mélenchon and fillon both about 4 points behind her .
2 . "
the polls say mr. macron would win if he were up against ms. le pen in the second round . "
they do .
by over 60 % to under 40 % .
polls also show mélenchon and fillon beating her handily if they 're up against her in the second round .
and yes , it all depends on the two election days .
i hope this is n't too much of a spoiler but jam jar banks is my favorite character because he exists in both stars war and trek .
here we go again , another rob carrick article trying to talk down single family home ownership and prices .
you have to live somewhere , and by renting you are still paying those exact same maintenance , financing and other costs to someone else , plus their management fees and profit .
and you are almost guaranteed to get less accommodation for the same amount of money , unless you buy a real dud .
the numbers are obviously fudged , 2.5 % annual increase only ?
when i sold my first home after 25 years the annualized rate of increase was 8 % .
my second home has doubled in 10 years .
there will be times , such as now , where the high prices in some communities are slightly skewed against ownership .
however , the bottom line is if you are planning in staying in one location for an extended period , say 4 - 5 years and up , home ownership is the best option .
land transfer tax , real estate agent fees and other closing costs will not be be recovered in 2 - 3 years of ownership .
hard left berkeley prof robert reich blames pres trump for violence in sweden time for some more serious rioting at sproul plaza he deleted tweet but you can bet he believes this
rt if your parents are not homophobes
they say that the holy spirit is bestowed onto a priest when you 're giving a confession it feels good to know that the holy spirit came in me .
i knew i was gay the minute i saw adrienne chanel ’ mom on the cheetah girls my non existent < number > year old dick was mad hard
that well earned name will never leave her .
no amount of ' fixing ' will ever change that .
this story ignores consequences for the refuge itself , a strange oversight .
malheur has lost , or will lose , about a third of its staff to resignations or transfers .
this includes the entire scientific staff , all of whom are leaving this summer for new positions .
the refuge archaeologist with 27 years experience on site ?
going .
the fish biologist who has led the carp control efforts ?
going .
the other two biologists ?
going .
in effect , the federal government decided to sacrifice the functionality of malheur in order to preserve the bundite perps from harm until they could be collected .
this was a humane solution but one that damaged public resources as well as the community ( the burns city manager and other valued local leaders have also left ) .
it remains to be seen whether steps will be taken to rebuild malheur 's staff and protect the refuge and other public lands from future invasions .
if our refuges can be effectively dismembered by itinerant thugs , the bundites win .
i know tons of ugly people who get laid .
the difference is they are n't horrible misogynist human beings .
fucking 476/512 sword elements and no drops since morning yesterday .
why are we here , just to suffer ..... 
 incels ca n't reproduce because no one will have sex with us so we ca n't pass on our dna , employers will promote chads over incels because " he looks like a leader " so we ca n't really accomplish anything , so why are we here , is it all some cruel twisted joke .
a rather foolish comment , tomquinn , but fyi the obama 's were completely open and consistent in what their beliefs were .
the trumps are deceptive and erratic and say what they think their audience - even the pope - wants to hear .
neither the obamas nor the trumps are catholic , so it is of no consequence .
but in truth , the obamas are far more christian than the current president or his wife .
and spicer is no better than his former employer .
i 'm not athiest and i 'm not christian .
we are * usually * what we were raised as because we have spent our lives being comforted by the religion of our parents ' teaching .
the rest of us find what comforts us the most .
do you , bro - ski .
i support your choice to be christian as much as i support their choice to be atheist .
find your own happiness and make your own joy in whatever lifestyle you choose .
thrive .
❤ ️
in past 24 hrs jurors have told judge 3 times they are hung in murder trial of fresno gang member jerel stanfield .
judge might call mistrial
rt @_ezzzylove : she a bad bitch , let 's get to it right away .
id2020 is also jabbing refugees with its microchip vaccinations through two inaugural pilot programs known as irespond and everest
wind 0,0 km / h se .
barometer 1004,2 mb , rising slowly .
temperature 19,5 ° c .
rain today 0,37 in .
humidity 89 %
i recently met a retired federal leo who signed up to be a host for syrian refugees with air b & b 🤔
you did n't say where you were getting your figures but here is what the us government says : 
 45 % gasoline and 28.6 % ultra low sulfur distillate fuel oil .
wikipedia gives the following : 
 .
46 % gasoline , 26 % diesel , 9 % jet fuel , heavy fuel oil 4 % , asphalt 3 % , lubricants 1 % and " other " 11 % .
.
as for your other claims seems like there is lots of market in canada for all these products .
2/ now we know around 52 % of catholic christians voted for ... tiberius ( without the brains ) .
since the election we 've been offered plenty of pious talk on unity and dialoguing and healing that seems utterly divorced from reality .
sorry , i do n't play with white supremacist thugs and misogynists .
from my perspective , the us catholic bishops were willing to sacrifice the well - being of millions and millions of people worldwide over their stifling obsessions with abortion and same - sex marriage .
this is how the majestic catholic church has come to be defined in the us : a hostile , morbid cult that values fetuses above all other forms of human life .
so i 'm done .
yep , there are a bunch of gun nuts with a hero complex .
precision of language asher , yr gon na get fucking released
report samjeed part 3 

 anjanee.neat@nhs.net   associate director of nursing 
 vanessa.sethupathy@nhs.net    pharmacy assistant 
 talvinder.sidhu@nhs.net   pharmacy assistant 
 janet.stansfield1@nhs.net   patient advice and liaison service 
 james.thomas1@nhs.net   director of operations
the experiences that come with a cultural identity or a skin color are what makes the separation .
acknowledging that and working towards eliminating those experiences that vary will make it so skin color does n't matter .
we are n't there .
pretending we are just screws over those that continue to feel the difference .
nigga you ain t neva hit no foreign wit no white bitch
wake up america !
this is coming from a member of congress ! "
israel has hypnotized the world ; may allah awaken the people and see the evil doings of israel . "
~ ilhan omar the democrats refuse to denounce this ant¡-sem¡t¡c rhetoric !
🚶 ‍ ♂ ️walk away 🚶 ‍ ♀ ️jexodus i stand with israel 🇮 🇱 url
this country is going to be destroyed by the god of abraham issac and jacob because it 's a country inhabited by devils .
50 cent party pigfuckers are worse than cancer .
they also promote that chicom invented anti - white word ' beizhou ' which paints all white americans as lgbt+ degenerates and also try to divide and conquer us by spamming posts that say ' see , fellow caterpillars , the chicoms are our allies , they kill / imprison muslims ( and christians and falun gong and tibetans , but we will conveniently leave these groups out ) . '
url
no way that another black guy murdering another white person that can not be i mean to say that is a hate crime would be racists or to even say over < number > plus percent black children do not have fathers and that a crime problem would be a hate crime would not it
my point is this , it 's a personal choice .
if i said coffee was / is dangerous , therefore i ban it to those who enjoy it just because i deem it bad for you is wrong .
there are a lot of things in this world that are bad for you , depending on your point of view .
who gets to ban what they think is bad ? ? ?
where 's the first part of your comment ?
yet people could not vote for hrc who pitched the same hopeless platform as bho
why would i read the bible that kike created faggoty anti white shit is for low t fuckbois like you speaking of which been touched by any priests lately in that kike run pedophile cult
why is it now considered not only ok , but praiseworthy to discriminate against white people ?
teaching in schools , " white people bad - coloured people victims " is now ok ?
anyone remember a teacher in alberta named jim keegstra ?
he was pilloried , ( rightly so , ) for promoting bias and discrimination in his classroom .
why is it supposedly ok now - as long as the targets are white people and preferably older white males ?
this teacher should be fired .
“ it ’s shocking to us , too , ” said hakim ouansafi , executive director of the hawaii public housing authority .
this reflects a gross disconnect with what 's really going on with hawaii 's affordable housing issues .
i do nt hate you mskddjd i m just want ur throne
people say " hitler did nothing wrong " but you know what ?
he was fucked up , and a horrible person , you know why ?
he lost .
< user > < user > < user > also you may be slightly correct with black on black crime but let us bring up the fact that white people are serial killers and actually plan out thier murders and be mentally i will while doing so blacks are not known for premeditated murder
girls + gays parties are coming back full force this year and that 's a promise
i m a pagan so fuck the bible the founding fathers would be pissed to see a nigger in office and melting pot of european culture not 3 rd world parasites any other
or you could make the amount some percentage of the jumbo loan limit which varies with location and time .
it is currently between 424,000 and 636,000
i use every single one ... and hope to make greater use of the healthcare system into my old age .
by all accounts , i will have to live to 150 to break even for all the taxes i 've paid over the previous 30 - years .
i encourage every private sector taxpayer to follow my lead .
the baptist church and its retarded disciples are the biggest enablers of the zionist elite and yet there still have people wondering how the jews took over the world 🤦 🏻 ‍ ♂ ️
there 's no need to argue .
niggas just do n't understand .
" the secrecy of the confessional is drilled into all catholic children and of course into all priests .
to betray it is considered the worst crime imaginable , comparable to desecrating the eucharist . "
so the worst crime imaginable is desecrating a consecrated host .
protect the pedophile priest with the seal of confession .
desecrate the bodies and souls of kids .
and this is holy orders ?
aw
zionist jew tube has made changes to it 's algorithm so that they can control the narrative .
" kill them [ unbelievers ] wherever you find them … and fight them until there is no more unbelief and worship is for allah alone " ( quran 2:191 - 193 ) .
i 've got an idea , how about everyone stop killing everyone else over religious ideas ?
that might work
the concept of " gendered brains " is demonstrably false through the very science that those mainstream atheists claim to respect so much , so all they 're left with is souls .
i feel weird putting up quick little posts like that .
like it 's lazy , and bad .
but i think it 's a conversation that needs to be had .
wow a hateful conservative !
what are the odds ?
trump wants to cut epa budget , die he says , but save money
& # 8220;@tryhardsilva : quote this with a weezy verse&#8221 ; you 're like a bitch with no ass you ai nt got shit
yes , for the sake god the almighty please listen to shisaisama the humble and devout christian and give trump a chance !
after all , trump is very jesus - like .
i mean , jesus hung out with prostitutes so he could grab them by their , um .... " pink hats " and kiss them without their consent , right shisaisama ?
oh wait .
i know you feel this way mike .
and again , your rhetoric is silly and will only serve to contribute to getting people hurt .
really hurt .
you 're calling half of all american catholics racists and fascists .
you 're the dangerous one , the one who is uncivil .
people should be very clear about this , and about the ultimate consequences of your inflammatory rhetoric .
i hope ncr wakes up .
they are dividing catholics and stoking fires of hatred .
and ultimately , violence .
very sad .
i 've met lots of protestants and catholics , and most of them do n't act christ like .
they act more like the devil .
they say they act like the devil because that 's what jesus did and what he would do .
that 's how he treated everyone , like shit .
there mantra is betrayal , betrayal , and betrayal !
why does n't jesus play hockey ?
he keeps getting nailed to the boards .
why do only men have to pay for alimony ?
yes of course equality
how did a priest get the nun pregnant ?
he got an altar boy to lick her cunt .
one crazy guy is no more representative of the anti - trump faction than the one crazy guy shooting up a planned parenthood is representative of christians .
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
.@alisonjhead # pil takeaways : 2 .
students have most difficult with getting started on assignments : defining research topic . #
cni17s
hahahahahaha someone at my gaff the other night took one of my thongs and got scared and put it in my living room press hahahahhahahahagahah
do not worry as long as there are two people in the world there will be war just look at how christians want to shed black and muslim blood just to keep america bleached
i just said it does n't happen and now you are saying that i do it ?
you are a fuckin nazi haha .
what a fuckin idiot , imagine that you have a mother who raised you to be like this ?
to attack americans on an american website .
you must be fuckin retarded if that is your response .
my sister is having an all lesbian moneynigger taternigger fight watching party is boxing a thing among girlfags or something
it ’ so ghetto when people say the n word
ik was watching a outdoors hunting show in canada today .
looks to me they have every thing we have channel 604 on direct tv
semantics aside , we are discussing the state of being male or female .
the rest of your quote must be recently added pc propaganda .
i need feminism because it justifies my choice not to marry and lead a family it also allows me easy access to porn and prostitutes i can also signal my superiority to christians by supporting gay marriage transgender nudity and late term abortion
> i fail to see why we celebrate some people being prideful and condemn others for the same .
i m prideful of not being a minority or being gay or be discriminated against ''
hey guys , patriarchy meeting on the 25th .
keep it on the down low , i think the feminist are catching on to us .
did jesus die a virgin ?
of course not !
he got nailed before he died .
these fucking kikes are going to get us all killed and you fucking retarded christian cretins are the reason they have power
as a trans 19 year old male , this post warmed my heart .
what a lucky young man your son 's boyfriend is for meeting him , and great job on you !
i agree with the other replies , focusing on safe sex is all you can do .
with people early in their transition sexuality of their partners can get complicated , but it seems both boys are willing to be open and honest with each other and care about each other a lot !
< user > < user > my area pensioners saja pun ada liquor store 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️ 🤦 ‍ ♀ ️ dahla rata2 pious taoists buddhists christians muslims
yo white christian conservative men ... do you all get along with anybody ?
you all are some real jerks .
by the way .... give your kids a call before they put another needle in their arms or take another hit of meth . .
when are the geniuses in the leftist media going to finally admit that they helped create trump .
that their elitism , arrogance and yes , stupidity , got the crackers , gun nuts , christians even some decent americans out to vote .
< user > a chr*stian < censored > and a vsco girl pick a dis*bility < censored > bitch
me i am too old for dolls bighit bitch we gon na release bts dolls me sure how much bt sx mattel bts dolls official
rt @wishiwasadolan : & # 128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128557 ; stop please stop i can handle it anymore these games my heart the wall is fucking purple it 's purple i 'm so …
< user > < user > you retards elected and started worshiping the antichrist god sent a plague repent asshole
@franklin_graham really , frankie ?
prayer again ?
prayer does n't seem to be working , you grifting boot - licking hypocrite .
you pray , and then more people are shot down .
so i say this to you , grifter : send the victim 's family money .
that 's right , send them your ill - gotten gains , you grifting scum .
i m out of weed what do i do 
 alcohol might numb the pain that is life
private vs low i q sand nigger jews who whites stupidly through their sandnigger religion christianity control their pagan white countries nice work christ cucks jews now cuck your pagan white countries
meh , christian priests have been ramming shit down people 's throats longer than they gays have .
given the fact that black catholics are scarcer than hen 's teeth , i 'm almost always startled when they 're mentioned on any of these sites.(i'm the resident protestant gadfly on these sites ; i 'm african - american.)---the papal bull issued by pope nicholas v in 1452 entitled " dum diversas " comes to mind ; after all , it 's responsible for my ancestors being on this side of the atlantic in the first place .
mull and reflect ... peace 😐 .
nutter yeet oh please .
we all know you 're physically repulsive and mentally dead .
your brain is the size of a bug and if anyone saw you in person they 'd like to squish you like a roach .
no one cares about your homophobia .
this video is n't trending anymore so you either searched it up or got recommended by the other pride videos you shat on .
get a life preferably near a black hole .
no they need to hate on their own race us whites need to condemn other ehites who murder for racial reasons and blacks need to accept the same eith their inner city problems and shootings .
this kind of idiocy shows why the title of bishop carries with it no infallibility .
this particular ordinary is the most ordinary of them all .
he is a right wing idiot who is pandering to himself because i doubt anyone else cares .
being an adult gs leader is hard enough without inane comments from the cheap seats .
i feel sorry for the girls , although most troops will likely just move to another sympathetic venue .
catholic separatism is no longer so important that catholic girls need to to troops in the parish .
i really feel for the adult leaders who feel morally conflicted about this .
they should not .
their bishop is a horse ’s behind .
msw is correct in quoting francis that god does not need us to protect him .
hopefully god will protect us from his bishops .
francis has his hands full with kansas city .
why could n't jesus play hockey ?
he kept getting pinned to all the boards .
fuck israel !
go suk his tranny dick do n't get in my grill
i am gay too so i can say it is   quite fascist to eradicate the rights of others , ie , the right of the school board to say no .
if   muslim parents had objected you would say nothing .
even today in toronto , imams teach children in mosques that gays are sick depraved people yet you say nothing about it .
catholics are much easier targets . .
i do not encourage kafir kids to drink from moslem cups tissue is haram to them they wipe their ass with their hands
my god look at these barbaric ppl .
and these pigs all watching .
they r a very , very sick culture .
and omar and rashid want this crap here .
this is america not the middle east .
round them up and send them home .
do i take summer classes ? & #
129300 ; is an idiot ✔ ️ hates herself ✔ ️ looks like this operation is a go folks
there are hundreds of skins out here , esp .
in your area .
it 's not fair that you have to hit rock bottom to get help when you were inches away from cloud nine
@williamlegate @loly_cola @onlyifitsgood @realdonaldtrump i had someone tell me he did n't see why ppl did n't use aca instead of ocare . #
smh
" but i who missed the hype train and lack the " " nostalgia factor " " ca n't fully understand why everyone loves these stories so intensely "
i for reals walk by this group of freshman and this bitch really pulled out a big ass bag of hot cheetos
" behind closed doors " " holy mother church " maintains , funds and [ we have to assume ] condones an all - male , mostly gay , hegemony over the rest of the church .
cardinal francesco coccopalmeri , an official at the inquisition and host in his roman salon of naked male sex orgies , apparently has n't gotten " the memo " about just which sexual practices to encourage .
hey brooks , is this another example of your " behind closed doors " regime ?
same here , i feel like intersex is my blind spot for supporting people .
i m mad the tracks for shadow the hedgehog are my shitty 2000s aesthetic
attention all you right wing straight christian males please quit going around killing people in the name of jesus you are making other christians look bad you are the religion of peace how often do you here mudslimes say things like that one in < number > million
thinks god told him it ok to attack women confuses christianity with islam ideology still says he christian 🤔
tonight , 6 pm -don't miss @itvanglia 's feature on red balloon cambridge - for positive stories about # youngpeople recovering from # bullying&#127880 ;
i 'm surprised christianity did n't like gays jesus would give the best hand jobs
< user > < user > rip to your bird
fuck this twitter mess cus all y ’ all some retarded birds nsu girls amp guys about to win the conference tomorrow tho behold
you bengali .
how lovely and courageous .
nice athletic body babe
an observation on the vice article about twitter for racists if their assertions are true and gab represents whiteflight does that mean that twatter has become a worthless ghetto which has caused its stock value to plummet i do not think vice thought through their accusatory implications
these # bands would rock out # wrestlemania , so # follow @toyfmusic @vitalistus @lostfilmband @glumenj @ohweatherly @byampoppunk
fountains abbey - partially destroyed many years ago but still beautiful .
gays , lesbians , and other sinners all go to the same place in the end in the ground because gods not real
reason for not supporting homosexuality the bible the bible pride is a sin so called “ christians ” straight pride yeehaw
the last time i went to catholicchurch for sunday mass the filipino priest was clearly homosexual there were like < number > white folk there these little hispanic kids were signing and dancing and the priest lectured on welcoming refugees and no latin spoken 🙉 🙉 🤢 🤢 that was it 😒 gabfam speakfreely
how old do you have to be at minimum to be considered incel ?
she also asked if i find them attractive and bitch i choked and was like uf yeah damn omg yes yeah my fangirl jumped out at that moment and she did nt understand and was like they all look the same yes ofc karen
yeah that what they released today and got maybe < number > seconds of reporting on it with retarded arrogance to quickly sweeping it under the rug with the gates thing because it involves pedoesta
what ’s the difference between the real jesus and a picture of him    
   it only takes one nail to hang up﻿
what i would love to see is every gay catholic bishop , priest , deacon , religious , organist , choir director , etc .
come out and then see who is left .
there would n't be many !
what s the difference between jesus , and a picture of jesus ?
you can hang the picture with one nail .
i m legitimately pissed .
just saw a video of someone being murdered .
no type of warning on the video .
that s fucked up .
what does roman catholic have to do with jews were not the catholics the crusaders we need to fight the arabs not the jews not yet anyway
< user > one of many i d say as the great philosopher jay z observed < number > problems but a bitch ain t one
i have to learn laravel and blade or blend smth ... but i like node.js though ... * goes on youtube to search for tutorials * # webdeveloper
is there any doubt that erdogan will get what he wants ?
he has enough supporters in poor rural areas who will be happy to see him run the country the sharia way .
plus he can always rig the vote in case something goes wrong ...
white supremacists do not subjugate people for their religion and this is taking it a little too far to say that .
i believe that islamist do not like jews or christians because they feel inferior them .
my moms friend says i should b more kind < number > the filthy jews so i m gon na start calling them grimey jews since i m filled with christ love on the christmas holiday even tho the fucking jews murdered jesus who was white
if i 'm so good looking ... 
 why do n't girls ever pick me and find me attractive ?
yeah i watch the history channel all the time and i am in all the honor classes i just wanted to do something and yes i do have the muscle to back it up .
@og1776 @kirwin58 us law says we can execute people who execute people for being gay .
religion of peace my ass .
and liberals want to let more of these animals into our country .
dumb fucks !
hard left berkeley prof robert reich blames pres trump for violence in sweden time for some more serious rioting at sproul plaza he deleted tweet but you can bet he believes this
she also asked if i find them attractive and bitch i choked and was like uf yeah damn omg yes yeah my fangirl jumped out at that moment and she did nt understand and was like they all look the same yes ofc karen
you are a be rollin margiela fuckin this nigger slammin
describe your good features honestly 
 this is probably gon na get buried but it will make you feel better .
this looks like an arab slave market with newly abductded european women for sale
the infidels are coming here and spending money let 's bomb them !
why do normans expect me to be positive 
 because if i went out into the real world as a blue pill man looking the way i do these same people would just make fun of me and try to put me down at every opportunity .
rt @littlekeee _ : why do bitches hate on another bitch relationship & # 128129 ;
exactly right bd .
love me some tj too , but reality bites .
whatever happened to " next man up ? "
burn the borders to the ground
typical white trash .
why did i click on your profile ?
you gave no source anyway , you just are a hateful human being .
good grief .
you have been given sources by others disproving your statements , but no you did n't , once you cited the hatesub gc , that is used only to missrepresent transgender people and to deny their existence
< user > < user > can put it towards victims of gun violence since < date >
< user > i hate you for ignoring me trying to bully you on ig 🤷 🏾 ‍ ♀ ️
burn down christian churches then .
they want war , so be jt
wow , you accomplished so much with your comment .
matt wuerker would be so proud !
you claim you live in houston , a metro area of 6 - 7 million ,   where there is nobody like this cartoon depicts because they are all up in north texas and other flooded cities ?
you 're on board with belittling christians ' faith in god ?
i seriously doubt that first responders and volunteers are offended when someone praises jesus , allah , yahweh, .... you get it .
then you cap it off by implying that dumb people should lose their stuff and perhaps their lives through " natural selection " ?
but it 's all hilarious , right ?
way to go travis !
you are officially the worst person i 've ever encountered online , and that 's saying a lot .
please i want to get raped
here mfs go driving retardrd af
< user > < user > < user > this violence and all this madness in these people mind about killing unborn babies is based in raped women cases less than1 of the world wide cases we say no to rape and yes to life
religion is the bane of mankind .
it 's reeks havoc wherever it flourishes , resulting in pain and suffering and death .
every single conflict today is a function of the ridiculous never - ending battle of one religion against another .
and still each side claims god is on their side .
my heart aches for the children who suffered at the hands of the monsters within the catholic church .
children   ! ! ! !
# atheists , christmas / christian haters before # christmas ; 
    “ it ’s happy holidays , not # merrychristmas ! ”
atheists , christmas / christian haters after christmas : 
    “ it ’s # happynewyear , not happy holidays ! ”
# amirite # maga # waronchristmas
do n't invest in funerals .
it 's a dying industry .
it is odd how the bad things about a person get so glossed over , and we look at them through rose - colored glasses after death .
ali was a bigot .
he looked down on white people and christians .
the radical malcolm x himself converted him to follow the nation of islam , which is a well recognized hate group with strong antisemitism , and gave him his name of muhammad ali .
ali was against the assimilation of blacks into american culture and society , and opposed miscegenation .
and he was not that good a husband or father either , divorcing 3 wives .
he divorced his 1st wife after she refused to dress like a muslim : " i even divorced my wife … just because she would n't wear dresses long enough " 

 and he attacked the usa repeatedly .
he called vietnam " a white man 's war " , and said that " my enemy is the white people ! "
other quotes from ali : " all jews and gentiles are devils " ,   " the sins of drinking , smoking , prostitution , homosexuality , stealing , gambling : it all comes from white people . "
i do nt even want her on the same planet as dr ben carson she symbolizes everything he is not a low life ghetto queen
you do a great job explaining the issue .. thanks .
yes !
god yes !
someone finally called out those damn evangelicals !
i hate how they are always running around trying to help the poor , when we know that is the government 's job .
lol
at least we can all agree on this steve irwin got a lot of tail
love the idea that feminism has corrupted women into hating the thought of being a housewife when like half the dykes i know can not shut up about one day living on a farm with their gf
yeah they 're also responsibe for the white genocide^tm , priests raping children , muslim immigrants and when the milk in your fridge goes sour .
oh , and they 'd be responsible for global warming too , if it were real . (
big fucking /s here , folks . )
i agree with trump and ivanka ..   let 's give the dreamers amnesty then seal the f'ing border .. a moratorium on all immigration .. even legal .. for a period of 10 years .. don't let anyone into the usa ..
he s got that " white power "
next on my world tour hot arabs arab women can be extremely hot if they just were allowed to take off those damn burquas nsfw
" @holbornlolz " " headscarves off " " - the new uk tory song to legitimise selling arms to murder folk ?
it used to be " " jaickets aff " " in glasgow ! "
we are tho 🤨 i get mood swings as a guy but just never act on it .
i think the saying " a wolf in sheep 's clothing " is overrated let 's change it up a bit , " a catholic priest with a fake tan and bomber vest "
there 's nothing the government can do .
what , are they going to redistribute white money to blacks ?
take money from straights and give it to the gays ?
" ... this is not about religious accommodations or the best interests of students at all .
rather , it suggests this is about islamophobia . "
i will assume shulamit that you do n't have any knowledge of the history of canada or our charter .
you are also ignorant of   the fact that canada was founded on the principles of christianity and those values   have made canada the   great country that   it is .
how dare you label canadians who do n't agree with you as islamophobic .
truly pathetic !
in a sense this may be true not so much in the direct violence sort of way but in the sense of using false pretenses to extract resources from men of course we can not discount all those teachers etc which just boggles my mind
if y all faggots waste votes on this clownery i m taking your rights back url
throw the whole religion away
muslims and liberals excoriate us about islamophobia , but we should bear in mind islam 's entrenched racism , xenophobia , homophobia , misogyny , anti - semitism , hatred of christianity , europe .
israel , and america .
islam 's destructive iconoclasm is destroying historic treasures across the me : in just one year notre dame in paris has had three close call bomb threats .
they even have islamophobia against each other .
ancient tribal wars between kurds , shiite , sunni , wahhabi , druze and other islamic sects , isis , taliban and al qaeda are the root causes of most of the wars and social chaos happening around the world today .
it is worse than anything expressed in the west
@joelosteen if we want to grow in spiritual matters , choose people who love god and are committed to living right according to his word .
what is meant here is about the people we choose to be closest to or our best friends ...
0xdeadbeef is literally murdering trans people
imagine going to fucking dominate the dancefloor to your favourite jam javert 's suicide
my aunt has been battling breast cancer and my mom did n't even tell me she had ovarian cancer at the same time
stupid as saying all christians are responsible for paving the middle east over the years when it has been mostly the us and britain
yeah that what they released today and got maybe < number > seconds of reporting on it with retarded arrogance to quickly sweeping it under the rug with the gates thing because it involves pedoesta
this was the first silent movie i saw , the first movie i saw starring lillian gish , who is now one of my favourite actresses .
well , i have been working on something for self defense in one of those situations in which guns have been confiscated .
essentially , training with sledgehammer and axe in a shtf moment going old school barbarian might be one 's only hope .
a pedophile , a rapist and a priest walk into a bar and that s just the 1st guy
< user > these elites including merkel can integrate my fuß up their arse i bet they do not have any arabs in their gated communities but they are more than happy to see the world burn speakfreely merkelmussweg afd deutschland welt europe
" trump administration makes islamic terrorism defeat top foreign - policy goal " 

 exactly the statement isis was hoping for .
recruitment gold mine courtesy of trump 's bluster .
what s the difference between a priest and acne the acne waits until the child is twelve to come all over their face
save your pity for your brothers and sisters who struggle with alcoholism , drug abuse , and poverty that face each day without the prospect for any kind of gainful employment .
natural resource development and the revenue it generates has done more to raise the standard of living and improve the lives of people- alaska native or otherwise- than anything else in alaska .
people also fought building the pipeline , red dog mine , etc . ,
by using the same unfounded scaremongering .
science and observations have proven otherwise .
the central arctic caribou herd continues to thrive , calving in prudhoe bay and migrating through the pipeline right of way each year .
polar bears build their dens along roads and landfill banks .
geese , loons , and other birds nest and fledge their young near drilling pads .
if anything , development in the 1002 area will probably help the porcupine herd by creating insect - relief habitat .
anwr does belong to all of us , and we will all benefit from it if it 's developed .
i 'm an atheist , you brainwashed identity politics playing faggot .
go kill babies , shit head .
why does n't jesus play hockey because he keeps getting nailed to the boards
i want to fill a pool with the tuna from subway and jump in it
moore will get elected no matter what he does .
it 's alabama .
one of the dysfunctional states , full of bigots and xenophobic " christians . "
high rates of poverty , crime , obesity , teen pregnancy .
gardner is afraid the gop is going to have try to hide yet another embarrassment .
the republicans are reaping the benefits of their faustian bargain with the trump base .
no , but when he called the pharisees white sceplechurs doing things for show , he certainly was .
you are taking their side .
i am not endorsing sin , but i am saying it is not a device for social control that the reactionaries want it to be .
by the way , the shame culture mostly going away in the church is why so many stopped going to mass. they no longer felt compelled by a necessitary to have a belief in the belief in god .
put another way , if you had a young person in your life who really did not believe in god , would you insist they go to communion or even mass ( especially if they would do communion if they attended ) ?
the answer is they can stop going because they are apostate and then , and pretty much only then , would their receiving be a sacralidge .
had they masturbated ?
not so much .
< user > < user > why is it that straight men like to watch dykes get dicked down
one of price ’s recent predecessors , kathleen sebelius , who served for five years under president barack obama , said she never took a military plane on her many trips overseas .
price has already spent over $ 500 k on travel for himself and his wife to geneva , berlin , beijing , tokyo and other cities , traveling on military aircraft .
they are retarded cucks that definitely bannable lol
mutton .
helfrich got a huge raise when he was coaching mariota .
he got the dream team , a huge salary increase , a five year contract . "
fasten your seatbelts , it 's going to be a bumpy night . "
it 's hard to predict how people will react to their significant other cross dressing .
tolerance does n't always equal unconditional acceptance and i 'm sorry that you had to discover that the hard way .
you have been open and honest about your desire to express your feminine side .
i think it 's time for your partner to share her feelings about your cross dressing and tell you what she can and ca n't live with .
she might not give you the answer you want to hear but at least you 'll know where she stands .
i hope it works out for you 💞
someone tell me where the drinks at .
where the bitches at .
you fucking on the first night , meet me in the back . #
game
i am looking for people in north county area .
i do not encourage kafir kids to drink from moslem cups tissue is haram to them they wipe their ass with their hands
and clean up them catholic orphanages they rape and murder little girls they kill babies .
some of the most horrendous things i 've ever heard go on in these places .
god bring your raft down on them cast them to hell for what they 've done in the name of jesus amen
i 'm off out to a metal show , this is what my knees looked like after the last death metal show i went too ...
as if you need more evidence to see how absolutely retarded flat earthers are
affirming christians do not contest disapproval of same - sex sexual activity when it is brought up in the scriptures .
rather , they are asking " why do the scriptural authors condemn it and do those reasons apply to covenanted same - sex partnerships today ? "
more police = more patrols .
more patrols = more drunk kids found wandering streets .
= less crime = happy public = friendlier community .
anybody catch bill o ' reilly 's word of the day yesterday? ....... misandrist
i m a pagan so fuck the bible the founding fathers would be pissed to see a nigger in office and melting pot of european culture not 3 rd world parasites any other
x and y so a boy is an x x and a girl is an x y right .
does n’t that make sex 50 % gay
and she no longer holds those beliefs .
tulsi grew up in a conservative family with religious father who was strongly anti - gay and of course she was influenced by that upbringing .
remember she was elected to the legislature at age 21 .
but she has grown and formed her own opinions which are opposite of her upbringing .
anyone ever change their mind about something as they grew older ?
and her voting record shows she is 100 % pro - gay rights . [
here 's her own explanation](url
for prison ... or just go to russia and live there ..
what s the difference between a catholic priest and acne ?
acne does n't come on a boys face until he s < number >
if the un 's intention is to turn every country into a country of refugees by consistently shuffling people around instead of addressing the reason behind the wars that create these refugees , who is the un really for ?
you want to say ' mi novia ' .
if you say ' mi novio ' it sounds like you have a boyfriend .
what kind of mentally cripple people would collect money for refugees at their daughter funeral after a refugee raped and killed her we would never see a muslim family in the middle east rasising money for a christian who raped and killed their daughter they are winning because we are letting them
any time congress passes a new law , and then promptly exempts themselves from its ramifications , you can bet the farm it is going to be bad news for the middle class americans or anyone else who works for a living and has their hard - earned money taxed to the extreme to support these common criminals
a priest , a monk , and a prophet were on the plane .
< repeat > .
< repeat > hey were with a group of school children .
the plane met with an accident in the air and was about to crash .
the monk ran to them with < number > parachutes .
monk : grab < allcaps > the < allcaps > parachutes < allcaps > cmon !
< allcaps > prophet : wait !
< allcaps > what < allcaps > about < allcaps > the < allcaps > kids ?
< allcaps > monk : fuck < allcaps > the < allcaps > kids < allcaps > priest : now ?
its the un girl in interested in in declared rape as a tool of war < number > million white kids raped by paki muslims is pakistan secretly at war with the uk since we partitioned india eh i think yes
: hide and if you 're around knights of columbus or their roman catholic brethern , keep a close hold on your young children , particularly the boys .
not so   sunny days   for those   unfortunate   saudis   .... what really irks me is basically we are trading   manufactured goods for oil ... thought we had plenty oil round here .
another example of trump casually playing americans off against each other for his own amusement --- and the media with their hair on fire at every tweet .
sure , a media manipulator " won " the presidency with over 5 billion in free publicity , and is currently using " twitter " to jerk the puppet strings .
i wonder how he 'll like having the constitution as his boss ... ?
they got us stuck at this fucking school and it do n't make no sense .
wtf is feminist about a child speaking out against being trafficked to an old pedophile or anyone else objecting to pedophilia ?
sometimes it 's just worth tossing a daughter or two to all of the men of the city to be their sex slave .
it can be just an offer as with lot in [ gen 19:8](url but , sometimes the men of the city take you up on it as in [ judges 19:22 - 29](url and , remember , if the men of the city do n't take you up on your offer , you can fuck your daughters yourself , [ gen 19:30 - 38](url daughters do n't fare well in the bible , nor women in general .
harry fucking dominated that song ! ! !
he has.blown me away !
heartless , soulless ladies , that 's where it all began
askstacey how do we get more women like you on the beeb and in the biz we need your honesty and empathy
this is a really good article .
it did n't sound like a typical cnn piece , so i re - checked : > editor 's note : clay cane is a sirius xm radio host and the author of " live through this : surviving the intersections of sexuality , god , and race . "
follow him on twitter @claycane .
the opinions expressed in this commentary are his .
view more opinion articles on cnn .
have n't heard of this guy before but kudos .
rt @jihadistjoe : we muslims have no military honour whatsoever , we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men , women & children http : …
realistically , 10 is reasonable , but it will go up like everything else !
there ’s one thing that ’s ironic about the south lawn of the white house … the fact that nobody has burned a cross in it in the past < number > years .
for a state full of veterans i though there would be more support for a fellow veteran rather than a whole bunch of a*shole responses .
she has ptsd and as the article says " when jake senses his owner is suffering from extreme anxiety , the suit notes , he " moves his body into close contact with her to distract her attention away from the factors that may cause her panic to spike , and calm her . " " .
good for her and jake .
she has the care she needs and the taxpayer is not paying constant medical bills .
she needs to sue american airliness 110 % .
i fly a lot and rarely see people with actual service animals on flights .
i sat next to one person on a flight with a service animal and the dog sat at the owners feet and that was it .
really ... you do n't understand the damage it will do to our economy when other nations have no carbon taxes ... there are lots of reasons to fret .
you just need to read more instead of taking uniformed pot shots .
while affirmative action laws do still exist , us states can and do pass laws rejecting affirmative action .
this is one reason ( among many ) that buttigieg is promoting national policies to stop discrimination .
the state of washington only recently repealed its 20 - year ban on affirmative action .
url nine us states banned affirmative action . "
texas 's ban was reversed by a supreme court decision in 2003 , leaving eight states that currently ban the policy . "
url - center - chalkboard/2019/04/12 / why - might - states - ban - affirmative - action/
saying we are in post christian era is a defeatist statement , we need shepards to lead us on get us moving again ! !
god of israel is a faggot he a joke
abuse of " harassment prevention orders " is absolutely a men 's rights issue .
of course you want to make those habanero pickles , what with this goddamn head cold
the jews help other jews the asians help other asians and white supremacy has wealth frozen in their community is america was built for whites not blacks so blacks should help other blacks
a rabbi , a priest , and a bitter old man are on a cruise ship .
the engines burst into flames and the ship starts to sink .
everyone is freaking out and a few passengers start to scream " save the children !
save the children ! "
the bitter old man screams " fuck the children ! "
the priest says " do you think we have time ? "
and the rabbi says " fuck 'em out of what ? "
so lets not give funerals to bishops who eschewed child molestation and child rape and also bishops and other clerics responsible for laundering mafia money through the vatican bank .
so the great jp ii should never have even had a catholic funeral much less elevated to sainthood .
we all have great faults including most popes and most clerics .
perhaps one of the worst scandals is when a   bishops wants to deny one group of people a funeral particularly when he is using the poor sexual theology of rcc ...
a pedophile , a rapist and a priest walk into a bar and that s just the 1st guy
what does mcdonald 's and a priest have in common ? ? ? ?
they both stick there meat between 10 year old buns
lets be honest they hate whites for not completely opening up our borders ans supporting all of south america the middle east and africa
before the crusades for < number > years the barbarian muslimes murdered christians and invaded took nations in europe much as they are doing now that ended with the crusades christians were forced to fight back and they destroyed the muslimes history will repeat we have no choice < user > ‍
sending money back to mexico ...... should stop .
these people 's needs the black slave enriched united states for everything .
note to self : boiling water hot , monkey brain
one thing i know for sure , christianity does n't prevent white racism .
the most segregated time of the week in this country is sunday morning .
heck , when black folks invite white folks to join them in prayer , they are risking their lives .
white folks are still producing people like dylan roof in the 21st century .
i ca n't think of any time when black folks murdered white folks while they prayed in church , to make a political statement about race .
i do remember several times white folks murdered black folks while they prayed in church during my lifetime .
popped the baby down for a nap & amp ; pottered out to plant some peas .
accidentally attacked the garden big time & amp ; now i can barely walk .
ouch !
lazy " frat boys " renamed al quada niger , yemen , other nations aqim because they do n't know there is a difference at each nation , including how they operate , what they do .
democrat obama 's support of the non libyan " obama libyan rebels " of al quada 's ansar al shariah to overthrow u.s. ally president gaddaffi a u.s. ally since 2006 , ended u.s. alliance agreement that required gaddaffi 's libyan military to aggressively fight muslim terrorists , what this did was kept the muslim terrorists stuck fighting at u.s. ally libya to stabilize the entire continent of africa .
obama 's supported al quada ansar al shariah seized the libyan military depots at hight razma benghazi and resupplied the millions of holy warriors of islam worldwide , they then outgunned the nigerian military , niger military , tunisian military , mali military , algerian military ( until the french military returned ) , u.s. ambassador , cia libya tasked to locate the 400 u.s. fim-92 aa missiles , 2000 russian sa-7s , and aa missiles .
shade never made anybody less gay but conversion therapy and homophobia have caused violent and irreversible trauma to queer people all over the world
the actresses who played josie packard and catherine martell were n't asked back for the revival , , , , , , , they did my girls so dirty
have you ever gave hard knocks better than you got them ?
need a citation .
< user > it ’ d be an awful shame if nazis showed up and made things worse 🤔
really ?
where do you live , snowflake bay , nl ?
look around -- white men are n't the majority any more ... thank god .
< user > < user > revenge for eu not helping turkey to look after < number > million bbc figures refugees
emo ’s have flash backs too ... it ’s known as ptxd
happy birthday to one of my favorite coworkers ever , @jsoudah _ ! !
you are a gem and i hope your birthday has been amazing & # 128131;&#127997; ❤ ️&#127881;&#127870 ;
do n't ever mistake my silence for ignorance , my calmness for acceptance , or my kindness for weakness .
my nigga be quick to start trippin on something y' all bout some why did i mop the bathroom floor wtfff
not only that , but any catholic who is brainwashed enough to believe that the evangelicals will treat them well when they get some power is totally deficient in gray matter upstairs .
they hate catholics as much do gays and muslim .
they may hide it better these days , buy it is still there and wo n't be going anywhere a long time yet .
looks like we 'll be building two walls now .
weak argument for abortion .
but it is a good argument for a border wall .... drugs coming over the border ... addicted parents ... neglected kids .
also human trafficking .
women and children are shipped over the border and wind up in brothels or sold to perverts .
are you for the wall ?
if you do nt feel comfortable giving them head don ’ t have sex with them that s ghetto
< user > < user > nobody is going to hate you you are an awesome resistor
< user > < user > why is it that straight men like to watch dykes get dicked down
i think anyone who is white and identifies as maori [ indigenous new zealander ] is just trying to rob the government and university of money .
when my son started giving my shit about all my racist puns i told him to pakis bags
are the dykes on tik tok having beef
niggas be so hurt when you do not want to fuck with them
my sister thinks she 's being petty towards my dad by not going to my graduation ? ?
she got me all types of fucked up
god and man met somewhere both exclaimed : " my creator "
clean your own swamp before you dare comment on anyone else , donnie .
did you hear about the irish exorcism ?
they had to bring in the devil to get the priest out of the child .
we are awake not woke let not butcher the english language we are not peasants or ghetto
caligula ?
bloviator ?
cheeto jesus ? ....
i ve heard at least two of those names used whn referring to barry soetoro aka b hussein obama the most narcissistic man to ever hold the office of president .... the man we now know was n't ever eligible to run
a lot words meaning nothing except the hatred for all government .
your sophomoric , laughable solutions to eliminate government from any equation solves nothing .
your political party has been in charge for decades , yet they refuse to provide a pittance of the billions to address the child abuse epidemic in the state in which they receive their own maximum compensations .
your definition of social work is nonsense and demonstrates total ignorance of the profession and the needs of the populace .
your arrogance and disparaging diatribes devoid of logic or intelligence does nothing to solve any of the human problems plaguing the state .
pt2 some outstanding netball and results due to the hard work & amp ; dedication by each player .
roll on next season ! #
aimhigh # proud # bbgnetball
you serious stupid fucking vatican and protestant church
what , like blowing up old ladies and little kids ?
but please prepare yourself for anything like a nuclear blast or a huge earth quake or hurricane .... shtf in many ways
@purepr0mise @vivasuna25 what kinda dumb fucking hole did u crawl out from japan was literally asian nazi germany they did genocide , mass rape , torture , human experimentation , all the works r u honestly saying you 'd be happy if a world - famous french singer was serenaded with german when french exists
me i am too old for dolls bighit bitch we gon na release bts dolls me sure how much bt sx mattel bts dolls official
them r gay
i get to see my bestfriend maybe 5 times a month and that 's really fucking pathetic .
i look like an idiot trying to avoid contact with bees and wasps
idk gpaw if we have to suffer the presence of shitskins i d much rather they were raised by a bunch of faggots than by the animals that birthed them or god forbid these disgusting white christian cucks ya know
" israel " is a state so utterly ' race'/identity - obsessed it murders its own children for being the wrong " color " , that treats arab and ethiopian jews as 2nd - class citizens ( do n't ask about muslims and christians ) , and that dumped blood donated by the falashas because it was n't considered ' pure ' enough to be used to treat ashkenaziim , and that openly and unapologetically practices housing and education discrimination -- except when the tv cameras come around .
in that last it does resemble its hypocritical white - supremacist ' patron ' , the united states .
further it is a non - theocratic yet self - proclaimed " jewish " state in which full privileges are reserved exclusively for european -- ashkenazi -- jews ; and concerning the arabs it treads on , it is no more and no less than an apartheid state so oppressive and tyrannical that bishop desmond tutu and the late nelson mandela both said it was worse than the apartheid they themselves endured .
khalas .
silly dannoboy .
spakovsky and i both oppose chin 's work .
we both call chin a hypocrite for claiming that trump singles out one ethnic group for special treatment , even while chin himself ( and danno ) defends how his own state of hawaii singles out one racial group for special rights and benefits others can not have .
perhaps danno would agree with me and spokovsky that refugees who are christians , buddhists , and jews who live in yemen , sudan , somalia et .
al .
should be vetted as carefully as muslims , because we agree that those countries are so chaotic that their governments are unable to do proper vetting .
yes , danno , we must make sure that no christian , buddhist , or jewish terrorists can come to america .
oligarchies r ' us just slapped you all in the face and you liked it .
better yet you will vote for them in the next election and give them a majority .... 
 why ?
it 's because you are human and you like the liberals .
you identify to their politique ... you don;t really care about their finance policy .
in fact , most of you don;t even own businesses yet you bleat about this and that .... 

 me ?
i left canada with my family and my business for the us where trump is cutting taxes to nothing and making the grand change to tax policy .
i made more money in a year than i did in 3 in canada becuase my taxes are half ... 

 these crooks ?
they just bent you over 
 which again you like ...
how old do you have to be at minimum to be considered incel ?
la boy k act like he ai n't want tell girl i was straight 😂 😂
my earlier comments still missing .
how do you expect to have a conversation , educate ?
what 's the difference between a black guy and a priest ?
the age of their rape victims .
as much as i oppose religion , your view of it made me smile .
if all churches , mosques , etc .
were like yours sounds to be , the world would be a better place .
oh , so these two sisters can fuck and it 's okay cause they 're " anime girls " , but when i try to fuck my little brother i get kicked out from the nursery at the hospital
this silly turd looks as if she 's looking for help from god .
if there was a god may would have been dead long ago living for all eternity by the side of the devil .
i just want all my followers to know that no matter who you are , who you love , your religion , your race , your sex , etc .
you are safe with me & on my page i will always stand up for you , listen , & support you as long as you are n't a douchecanoe / racist / bigot you are welcome here ❤ url
4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/ybovvb7jeq
why did jesus cross the road ?
trick question .
jesus just rode across .
thanks , anonaj .
i 'll call this morning and hope many others do as well .
now to wait to see how our church leaders react .
am i foolish to hope they will confront this abomination of a bill in any sustained and effected way ?
perhaps a phone call to them may help as well .
@sidra_wazir ok , i just got the vision that allah is seated beside ram and planning together punish you people .
isis project just completed .
those who spells that satanic verses , the fury of almighty would be upon them .
decipher .. lol
are you talking about all those billionaire health insurance companies making money off of obamacare ?
or about the billionaire hospital corporations and physicians ' llc 's making money off of obamacare ?
or about   the billionaire pharmaceutical corporations who got a ' no price increase ' deal to not oppose obamacare when pelosi and reid negotiated it ?
guess what ?
insurance does not equal healthcare .
it just takes some money off the top for those gouging the consumers .
they can , but they typically do n't .
most men think it 's careers suicide to take extended paternity leave .
what about canada 's co2 absorption ?
is that significant as well ?
or does carbon hold only a one - way ticket ?
@geraldorivera stop banning god , stop encouraging men in dresses in girls bathrooms , stop letting your kids play first person shooter games all day because you 're too busy , stop pumping kids with drugs , stop pointing fingers at others and point them at yourself .
the pope recently said " hell does not exist " no wonder they molest so many children their .
i do not know it does not matter anyway i only have < money > but i would jump into a sewer before i swam in a pool or anything with a nigger i mean wtf are ppl thinking 🙄
i am a native .
born and raised in colorado .
tired of all you transplants moving here .
i am not going to be forced from my home by a bunch of texans and californians .
the thing is , in a relationship , there will be ups and downs .
especially in a long term one gearing for serious . [ ... ]
i should mention it 's not that i think you are necessarily in the wrong , just that affirmative action tends to get the best results , and it does n't sound like you 're in a bad relationship )
ok let me get this strait in an area where your dog is allowed to run loose often attacking other dogs , and harassing children .
you are complaining about a bunny kicking your dogs butt i just want to get the facts strait here .
you are complaining because the big bad bunny got your dog hurt ?
buddhists shit on kike filth religions so do most of the world we will kill kikes christfags hajjis as easy as stepping on ants
why are libtards bitching and moaning that washington redskins logo is derogatory demeaning i have not heard a single fellow greek bitch and moan about michigan using our spartans for their logo or a single condom bitching and moaning about usc using the name trojan for theirs 😏
what i do n't understand , is if nicole kidman is a feminist , why is she almost as thin as angelina jolie ?
thin is not even the word , both are skeletal .
i understand that we do n't want to be attacking women actresses more than they are already being attacked , but how can we present these two as role models for young women and girls ?
johanna schneller you need to address this in some way .
wait wait wait , * i 'm * a terrorist too ?
you do n't get to put me in the same category as you christian and muslim psychopaths .
you 're the ones killing everyone who does n't agree with you .
you 're the ones that every rational human being lives in fear of . *
you * are the terrorist .
if you want that kind of a world , feel free to move to the middle east where theocracies reign .
but you are n't turning this country into a religious dystopia on my watch .
i think it 's kinda complicated .
why i say so ?
because the swim test was designed for canoeing accident avoidance - which , in this day and age of mandatory life jackets , is kinda redundant , and which is not how the kid died anyways .
the accident looks typical to a beginner swimmer overestimating his abilities and , perhaps , underestimating the danger .
too bad that in this case the swimming couch is often the one to blame .
i 've been in a similar situation : i and a couple of friends took an equivalent of " learn to swim " classes in college .
one of my friends drowned , as he probably was dragged under by the river current .
the coach - a very good coach - left college in the aftermath , as even though he taught us how to swim , and even if the death occurred outside his control , someone had to take the blame .
i still find it unfair .
moose federation shot themselves in the foot years ago with some pretty shady stuff .
a lot of financial   smoke and mirrors left a bad taste in a lot of people 's mouths .
maybe the non profit status was more of a " show " than " tell " .
does the equalityact allow a man in the girl locker room so long as they identified as a woman if so are women okay with that
for guerilla warfafe events like lasvegasshooting is why many jews seek fame posing as conservatives on twitter and in radio shows so they can feed their followers all kinds of false talking points away from the truth after their attacks
fuck all religion with nail studded glass dildos .
the < number > enemy of white south africans is nt niggers it their insane belief in the jewish bible for whiteskin idiots
this nigga jaden really a goat 😂 😂 🐐
why does stormfront not have a section for this type of thing .
that 's true .
i think , as a white american talking about the white american community , there 's this expectation to have a healthy glow but no more or less .
too pale and you 're a socially awkward shut in and too dark ( regardless of how you got the tan ) you 're either trashy , unhealthy , or trying to look like another race .
obviously both of these are extreme and not everyone thinks this way but it does come up from time to time .
personally i think whatever you feel your best skin is ( as long as you 're achieving it in a healthy way ) that 's what you should strive for .
' .... you must be very pleased the way politics is going since the election of trump .
notice how twisted the " discourse " has gotten in this august forum .. ' 
 .
.
1 .
not pleased at all with trump period 

 2 .
you obviously have not been around long , the references to the previous pm , were / are anything but ' august ' , as an example 

 and in an american context , the rabid attacks on virtually all us politicians had been a feature since day one .
aye bro do not you cuff that hoe cuz i done had that too
do not worry as long as there are two people in the world there will be war just look at how christians want to shed black and muslim blood just to keep america bleached
we are awake not woke let not butcher the english language we are not peasants or ghetto
well that 's your misery i hope this will help : 1 m = 100 cm 1000 mm 1 " = 25,40 mm = 2,54 cm = 0,0254 m 1 ' = 304,48 mm = 30,48 cm = 0,3048 m 1 ' = 12 ` ` then ... start calculating
it makes sense .
if pot is legal to consume then the mere odor of it should not constitute grounds for a search .
< user > jesus is gay bt he the good kind of gay not like them fucking gay ponies
gosh , jeff , in all your years of listening to indigenous issues you never heard a thing you were supposed to be listening to ?
not anything outside of your same - minded folks who want to be done with the assimilation once and for all ?
you 've not heard of anything ?
not even the news around the " red paper " ?
how about the cdn gov't own reports on indig .
issues , like several cdn auditor general reports ?
did you hear about the royal commission on aboriginal issues in 1996 ?
or that one report that has been in the news pretty much for nearly 9 years now called the " truth & reconciliation report " ?
i 'm going to call bs , because i 've seen you directed to that huge load of info previously .
willful blindness is one of the most - used practises to maintain the status quo .
what did the catholic priest say when asked if his profession hinders his chances of getting laid ?
" ahh nah it 's all child 's play "
it maddening to watch this happen i am definitely a leftist and to watch two men who certainly are not rightwing be painted as nazi sympathizers by other leftists because they are white and made comic book movies that are not light and happy is just sad
how does the pope make children holy ?
he fucks the hell out of em
i would hope that we had mexican families in most of california .
guess what country that california was part of before it went independent and joined the us ?
as sean connery famously said " never say never again " ( when he took up the role of james bond again after he had said he was never going to ) .
every country including the us is subject to invasion .
fuck christians
good and deep response , especially the end of it .
i like how you see it now .
you should definitely do what will you make happy .
does n't matter what other people say .
and if you can find peace with yourself without medical intervations , then it is probably the best solution .
btw in my case my gender issues started when i was around 12 and very slowly progressed to the point if no return .
but it was n't caused by evaluation of societal advantages , rather with sexual identity feelings .
i was crossdressing and secretly wished i was female for 18 years .
thanks for your post , most informative .
considering the amount of fiction and non - fiction information out there i can understand why , where , you stand on issues .
kamehameha schools wields considerable influence because of their financial status in the state and else where in the world .
you helped with your information to elaborate more on it 's outreach .
i can tell that although you say it does not bother you as much , you seem think skinned with regard to the term , haole .
my family consists of all ethnicity 's , my immediate family consists of my haole wife and my two hapa haole son 's .
i happen to be a great grandfather of two great grandchildren .
this " haole " theme seems to dominate much of your concerns ? ,
and your responses seem to be swayed by that feeling .
although you say you 've been a resident of hawaii for sometime , i got the feeling that you 've really kept your distance   with the locals .
still , i appreciate many things you called to my attention , thanks .
i want to thank everyone at gab for this uncensored and fantastic social media site .
america 's skilled trades dilemma : shortages loom as most - in - demand group of workers ages # babyboomers via @forbes https://t.co/uxf2kkorsq
grow another dick and fuck em both at once
compassion for americans vs. compassion for illegal immigrants .
“ their goal was to neither appear … insensitive to [ illegal ] immigrant communities . ”
they are insensitive to the safety and security of americans but just do n't want to ' appear ' to be .
and the media continues to refer to these communities as ‘ immigrants ’ .
no one is against , legal immigrants .
our country is chockfull of immigrants , we all are immigrants .
some , in this country , are for a reasonable immigration policy , making laws and people not breaking those laws .
so it is illegal immigrants that people oppose .
dip me in honey and throw me to the lesbians !
muslim girls can ’ t ride ferris wheels
count me among the yes's -- and the sooner the feds do so , the better .
absolutely park yourselves at the courthouses ice . (
if illegal aliens were not on us soil , they will not witness any crime that occurs on us soil . )
and park yourselves at inmate intake in denver as well ice .
fund the manpower you now need from the grant tax dollars the city of denver will no longer be getting .
go trump !
go ice !
go sessions !
test
i 'm playing mystic messenger again cuz this bitch is not going to have a bad ending again
the town i grew up in had a catholic cemetery .
will you call on them to assimilate as well ?
they exist on both sides .... 
 the rebel ... a right wing site ... bused in hundreds of protesters for anti carbon rallies in edmonton and calgary .
btw ... i'm a conservative and was an original card carrying reform party member .
i agree .
less than half of the permanent fund earnings now go to the dividend .
it should be every penny .
that takes the earnings off the legislative table , ends the alaska disconnect , and does the most to temper human distress and misery that is certain to result as the alaska economy downsizes .
gregg erickson
really i have seen men come together that we are atheist buddast odinist christian hell even morman for one cause survival religion and beliefs go out the window in a fox hole buddy so blow that retarded shit up some one else skirt
i ’ d never go in the ghetto again to buy grabba i give rasta < number > dollars nicca say grabba gone up anoo
i 'm going to acknowledge my privileges and call the ignorant idiots out who perpetuate colorism out .
you use your handgun , to fight back to your shotgun !
will i get in trouble for saying nigger or towelhead here
skin heads , neo nazis , white supremacists , christian identity , and all the other racist groups are trump trash , and the infantry and ground troops for bible thumpers , evangelicals , catholics , etc . ,
who do not denounce racism .
trump resisted denouncing these groups because they supported him , campaigned for him , and voted for him .
so i say to all the so called " christians " who still support trump ; your brothers and sisters are neo nazis , skin heads , kkk , and other white power racist groups .
just what god is it you said you worshipped ?
bill the redneck bought a diesel truck and then got in a fight before waking up to creepy ghost sounds
jesus would be very disappointed in all the so called christians who are so supportive of jews .
what ’s a preist ’s favourite song praising the lord in a minor
chip the thing with noah had to happen was because everyone was sinning and worshipping idols , sacrificing each other for pagan idols , stealing from each other and so much worse , and god chose noah because he was a righteous man and told him to build the ark so that afterwards he and his family would continue teaching the generations about god and his promise he made to never flood the earth again
democratic voters : even if you 're already registered to vote , check your registration status now .
thousands were denied their right to vote in arizona because of voter irregularities .
registration deadlines are often well in advance of your primary or caucus .
check yours now at : https://www.headcount.org/verify-voter-registration/
today i robbed a bank .. i hid everything in my basement .
two young woman and a healthy banker .
every time i see krook the part - time mayor 's beady little sneaky eyes i taste a little vomit in my mouth ... please , s - a , no more extreme close ups of the most vile , p o s in hnl county ...
what do priests and christmas trees have in common ?
they both prick small children .
most are familiar with the sexual double standard of the bible , the text most closely associated that ludicrous religion that goes by the name ' christianity . '
i 'd suggest any women ' stripped naked ' these days are doing so voluntarily since so many more women carry concealed firearms .
as for stoning that 's mostly common in ' third world ' locales like the middle east and places such as kansas and texas , right ?
i 'd say these days it 's more the story of a few hot women passing the well - endowed men around and the latter liking it .
california ejected black man from democratic convention for no apparent reason .
it appears they want to silence minorities and if that does n't work abort them all .
this is the plan of margaret sanger , but some people will not look into this .
we need illegals due to our aborted .
that depends on which avatar you 're currently using ... ken / marty / panny / purg/ ... .
the jews rule south - africa behind the scenes just like all other countries they own all the money through the reserve bank scam and they control and own all the media , movies , tv so they own the rights to program you day and night .
the jews worship satan and god does not have a covenant with them anymore and they have no right to the land of israel the jews are the enemy of all humanity wake the f**k up brainwashed christians !
fucking infidels .
allah will take care of them
< user > it is if you are a fucking retard
x100,000 ...
lmao who seeing cupcakke tonight i am down af to go but i got no bitch to go with
i feel well represented as an african ... love from zim
you know , the worst * cumulative * trade deficit that america has is with * israel * .
why is n't the sabbath goy in chief slapping tariffs on * them * .
wow what a fucking absolute piece of shit .
i have no words for a worthless waste of skin .
she strikes me as the type too if someone * did * get raped she 'd claim the baby was a miracle or some shit .
i would mail pictures of your stacks of money and cat photos .
fuck her into the dark corners of the mariana trench .
i recently met a retired federal leo who signed up to be a host for syrian refugees with air b & b 🤔
islamic terrorists blow themselves up and might get 72 virgins ?
become a catholic priest and get them now !
they say that losing your virginity can be a religious experience so who else was an alter boy ?
just thinking about the possibilities about parallel universes this universe we 're living in right now could actually the best version of ourselves
those people who commit mass shootings are just retards and maniacs who get a pass because they white .
they just like the stupid dude from the human centipede 2 , a copycat dummy with a stupid soul and a burned up brain .
i do nt hate you mskddjd i m just want ur throne
what 's the difference between a rabbi and a catholic priest ?
a rabbi cuts them off , a priest sucks them off .
the only person that looks like a loser is you , idk dr but he seems like a g , you seem like a fuckin chud and a grade a hoser get a life you homophobic virgin chucklefuck , either quit being a bitch and find out how to get quaaludes for yourself or buy methmaqualone or another analogue , you 're an embarrassment to yourself and to humanity
a pedophile and rapist walk into a bar the bartender asks"what can i get for you , father "
what ’s the difference between hookers and onions ?
fags going to fag .
a priest , a homosexual and a child molester walk into a bar .
he orders a beer .
the catholic church stopped being a bulwark against western rot when the church became infested with homosexuals it is now just as if not more corrupted than the government bureaucracies of western nations and has sunk so low we are hearing stories of depraved gay orgies on sacred church ground
yeah , heres a clue for the nigger author of this article .
chinks hate niggers , kikes hate niggers , spicks hate niggers and towelheads hate niggers .
even niggers hate niggers .
black africans hate the gauche lazy american blacks because they have no morals or work ethic .
niggrus americanus is the lowest form of human ( if you can even call them that ) on the planet , we should erase them
woman signs away her parental rights , loses custody battle , and decided to run for texas congress to change laws to be even more biased against fathers
i knew i forgot something when i went to the grocery store today ...... it was those damn dinosaur chicken nuggets & # 128528 ;
believe what he 's saying .
muslims are out to destroy america in the name of their god .
clean up our government before it 's too late url
i have the most retarded friends its crazy
< user > < user > < user > he called lesbians dumpy women who take birth control hysterical and said that boys raped by catholic priests are victims of the gay disease what exactly has he said about white people
i confessed to the priest that i had masturbated whilst thinking of my sister . "
that 's a terrible sin , " he said , " especially as you have a gorgeous younger brother . "
christians and jews do not kill or rape innocent people .
isis is islamic and they kill , rape and sell people simply for not being muslim .
many passages in islam call for killing of those not muslim .
islam needs to condemn all violence conducted in its name , it does not , until it does , it is not peaceful .
we have videos of imans calling for the killing of jews in toronto and montreal
we are # shoutout professionals !
our bitch team will give you the # shoutouts most suitable for you & lt;--------
😨 # shemalecanada # shemale # trans # transisbeautiful # sex # porn # trans500 @ladyboymaria @trannyamateur @transgirls8 # trannies # ass # bbc # dick # ts # tranny # ts @blacktgirltube @tgirlforums @tgirlsaddict @thehouseofplea1 @naponapvideos @passivalerio url
smoove criminal moonwalk on a hoe like michael
shut up , cocksucker .
i hope you get sent to prison and become a sex slave .
pious christian scumfuck .
you can disagree without putting people down and making personal attack remarks .
stop the drama !
do not take another sitting elected republican .
there are plenty of choices without forcing anymore special elections .
we 've been hibernating in the studio for too long .
so we 're playing a couple of gigs this spring to try some material out on your crazy ass
i love alt j but i think it ’ homophobic for a white man to make me listen to alt j
i think it 's great when we have talented people in government service .
and if they can command large fees without interfering in their normal govt job then i say let them do it .
it 's a small compromise to attract the talent .
however , the key stat here is that he was receiving ( for the same consulting job ) 1/10 the compensation before he was mayor and most likely putting in more work .
i do n't think he suddenly got more talented after becoming mayor .
the only logical conclusion is that he is using his position as mayor to provide inside information to territorial or its clients for personal gain .
salesman of the day there s a kid that moved to a large city from texas .
he needed a job so he went into a little store and talked to the owner .
after a while the owner gives him a shot and comes back at the end of the day . "
how d ya do son ? "
he asks .
the kid says " great , we had one sale all day " the guy getting irritated snaps back " our average is thirty to forty .
what did you sell ? " "
well he got a box of fishing supplies , and i asked where he was going fishing .
he was n't sure so i suggested the bay , and we went down to your boat yard and sold him a nice boat for < number > then i asked if he planned on towing it with his honda , and after explaining that the torque would n't move the boat i sold him a truck at your car lot .
the owner , completely astounded asks " he came in for fishing supplies and you sold him a truck and a boat as well ? "
the kid smiles and says " no he cam in for a box of tampons .
i said well since your weeks shot you might as well go fishin "
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
black people - savages , borderline non - human apes .
middle east - favourite pastime is building bombs and blowing themselves up .
indians - shit on the street , eating shit off the street .
asians - robotic , sexless , dictatorial patriarchy .
​ whites - god 's chosen people .
the perfect specimen .
​ they 're one step from chanting " heil hitler " .
mexico is so cold right now even the ground is shaking .
@trumpwarroom why is this lady representing another country 's people ?
no shit but if you do not think blacks and mexicans and white supremacists do not get into fights you are naive and have no clue
yta .
the worst part of this is gall at being offended by his " unprofessional " behavior .
i 'm gon na shit all over this person and then be surprised that it upset them .
🤣 🤣 🤣 fucking classic sociopathic reaction .
it 's only business until someone reacts negatively to me then it 's personal and they were the ones in the wrong .
you a garbage sub - human .
the diversity dinner : breaking bread & barriers - youtube a lot of good comments on this video though , if you have a youtube account feel free to leave a comment on there .
everyone go follow @bimbocharlotte1 she 's a dirty cum slut who needs to suck your cock url
so somebody 's a hypocrite because they believe in a moral cause , but are n't proactively supporting that cause ? (
again , not doing otherwise , but not proactively fighting for that cause ) .
that 's being passive , but not hypocrisy .. you 're against sex trafficking ( i hope ) ; so what anti - sex - trafficking organizations are you supporting ?
you 're against global hunger ( i hope ) , so what international food programs are you supporting ?
you 're against , and for , a number of other things too that you are n't proactively fighting against / for , so are you a hypocrite ?
by your definition you are , unless you only apply that standard to positions you do n't like .
at least the passive christians are n't for the right to kill hundreds of thousands of their fellow unborn human beings , as you are , and for those christians who are actively involved in the pro - life movement but are n't picketing ivf clinics , and least they 're involved in the bigger fight for a moral good , whatever else their failings may be .
i found church exhausting , you know with all the kneeling and standing up i wish the priest could just pick a posistion and f * * * me
you mis - state again .
it 's your way .
i firmly believing all my intellect , will , memory , imagination , any human virtue i may have into my vocation ... my family life , my work life , my life of friendship and apostolate with others , all my acts of charity , etc .
total use of these faculties ... within my vocation .
to optimize my influence and contributions in this vocation , means that i do n't worry about things outside of my vocation and outside of my competence .
some catholics think they can mouth off about things they clearly have no competence on like canon law , church discipline , etc .
they look like noisy fools .
which student in the universe has the most absents on record at sunday school ?
jesus christ , i do n't know him .
i blame on you past the time that ca n’t be reached .. i blame on you the scattered pieces of that day & # 127932;&#127926 ;
i 'm sure it does suck because you suck on every level incel republican bitch .
< user > < user > jews actually are the most over represented
i ’ d never go in the ghetto again to buy grabba i give rasta < number > dollars nicca say grabba gone up anoo
iran .
go fuck the us .
you 're so pretty , what are you doing here ?
every gook in # losangeles should be deported or killed .
typically regressive move by trump .
the cuban people are the ones bearing the brunt of the unnecessary and punitive american embargo .
gm i will not ever eat bush chicken again serious acid reflex ouch ! !
woke me from my sleep toss n turn a chicken lol
twitter faggot bitch
4 ) safety gloves .
it 's time we start calling out the hypocrisy and end our coddling of religion .
no more tax breaks for churches .
no more
we are proud that our tools can serve the lgbtq+ community , particularly in places where it is dangerous to be out .
this june and year round , the tor project stands in solidarity with the lgbtq+ community .
happy # pride2019 !
url url
i d bend you over that bath tub and pound your tight little pussy as you beg for daddy to fuck you harder until you cover my rock hard cock in your delicious cum
re : “ ( the results ) provide clear evidence that the changes have resulted in more balanced housing markets throughout the greater golden horseshoe region ( around toronto ) , ” said gregory klump , crea ’s chief economist .
balanced ?
lol 

 not until prices drop 60 %
see we did not have to ban plastic bags from stores we could use them for trash to go to the h- power plant for electricity   but noooooo !
we will take plastic bags from these atolls and bring them here to burn what a bunch of crazy mental disorder state officials .
ok .
lgbt pissing me off now smfh url
it 's already way past time for catholic bishops to get out of the business of extracting   lifelong promises of clerical celibacy .
deacons and priests should never be treated as sexual pawns or sexual slaves -- which is that 's been going on for a long time already !
what do you call a mexican fighting a catholic priest ?
alien vs. predator
cemeteries i would not want to live beside : 
 christian , 
 catholic , 
 jewish , 
 mormon , 
 hindu - no wait they cremate , 
 atheist , 
 agnostic , 
 quaker , 
 automotive , 
 pet cemetery , 
 space alien , 
 greek , 
 turkish , 
 rastafarian , 
 arlington national , ...
what s the difference between a catholic priest and a zit ?
a priest does n't wait till 12 to cum on your face
donald tump is gay with his son eric tump
hijabs and burkas are to hide scars from abuse and acid burns to women from men who think they own them if you wear them or are ok with women wearing them you have to admit you are ok with abusing women
the " s " in oxygen stands for " life "
@mattzollerseitz this reminds me of a person i met who told me to research how michelle obama had a sex change .
i obliged him , intrigued to see how fake it was .
it was a blogspot that said " satire " on top .
he told me the article would open my eyes on what we need to pray for in our country .
the republican efforts to get their own magic negro into the presidency was an attempt to recreate a kinder friendlier version of obama they could lead him by the nose on foreign policy while keeping economic policy status quo and getting less racial tension libs were right uncle tom
there has been a real shake - up in our economy the last few years .
many alaskan 's are faced with very hard decisions and do n't have the extra money for unnecessary things like hockey .
the influx of people for the last couple games are from people acknowledging they wo n't be able to see local hockey at that level for a while .
.
i did n't go to hockey because i did n't like how the day - to - day staff handled certain things , they came off as arrogant .. even disrespectful to me .
i simply voted with my wallet and let go of 4 season tickets .
the bottom line is , for whatever reason enough people have decided to do other things with their time , the owners have recognized this and are making decisions based on that .
.
hockytown , i think your shame is misplaced , you should really be ashamed of your above post .
it is extremely arrogant to decide how others should spend what entertainment money they have .
this includes " fair weather " fans .
how do you get a nun pregnant ?
dress her as an alter boy .
rt if your parents are not homophobes
he 's not trying to be female .
it 's his style .
the hardcore christians looked like retards going on about the end of the world and you look just as dumb .
attention women of all genders
why can not women be catholic priests because you can not shove a vagina up a little boy arse
what a shock .
you have no clue how i source my information or how much work i put in to do so .
according to you my reading of mainstream media makes my view invalid .
you merely confirm the point of my comment . “
mainstream media lies ! ”
is intellectual laziness and disputing facts is not expressing an opinion .
and what 's your real world ?
infowars , breitbart and the rebel .
sources like that do not present facts , they sell self serving interpretations of reality .
more commonly known as delusions .
.@grimachu sounds a bit too much like " separate but equal " .
it 's sexism , bias , bigotry , you name it .
@mojgovuk is clearly infested w bigots .
well said , elise , outlining the absurdity of the argument of transgender bathroom enforcement --- of well meaning " christians "   posting themselves at bathroom entrances to do genital - checks before entry :   anyone that looks suspicious , ' excuse me , " ma'am " , i 'm going to have to make sure you really do have the equipment to go with those heels ... ' 

 ridiculous fear - mongering with one source :   the desire of one small sector of society to enforce the tenets of their religion into law , by picking on an even tinier minority , one they mistakenly believe to be vulnerable to their manipulations .
i 've got news for the religious " right"---kids these days are a lot smarter than you think , and recognize the real danger to society for what it is :   the bigotry and intolerance you peddle as your wares .
banned from /r / beyondthebump for correcting incorrect information about male genital mutilation .
everyone go follow @bimbocharlotte1 she 's a dirty cum slut who needs to suck your cock url
the rule of the apple mini - displayport to dvi adapter is that you will never be able to find it when you finally need it .
this communist bitch has to go she should not be teaching middle school or any school for that matter she a danger to freedom and to society outantifa
that church is amazing for sure .
massey hall is pretty special .
it 's a big room but sounds brilliant .
you can stand on the edge of the stage and fill the place .
-matt
christians , liberals , muslims , conservatives , snowflakes , atheists ... as soon as you lump any of them together , you 're wrong .
jump from " some " to " all " and you 've lost it .
next time , add some qualifiers , like " extremist " or " fanatical " and maybe then you 'll make a point .
< user > perhaps they could learn how arabs enslaved the africans
@whycrow the expanse
everyone who believes in the ideals of american democracy has the moral obligation to oppose fascism .
to not do so tarnishes the memories of all those brave men and women who died fighting in wwii .
god damn idiot christians with their god damn victorian morals .
i 'm going to need more smelling salts for these god damn morans .
god dammit .
arrogance always gets its comeuppance eventually .
if the security clearances were canceled for everyone in the trump administration who lied on their security clearance forms , there would be no one left to give the daily intelligence reports to .
there were these three girls : snowflake , raindrop , and cinderblock .
well , one day snowflake was feeling a little curious so she went up to her mom and asked , " mom , why did you name me snowflake ? "
and her mom said " well , when you were born we came outside of the hospital and a snowflake fell on your nose . "
the next day raindrop was a little curious so she went up to her mom and aske , " mom , why did you name me raindrop ? "
and her mom said , " well , when you were born we came outside the hospital and a raindrop fell on your nose . "
then the next day cinderblock came up to her mom and said , " dur < elong > ﻿
you are unfortunately correct , though adherents to either supply side economics or communism wo n't see the irony there .
fuck this bullshit ass case   these children spent so many years in jail cuz of some racist ass pieces of shit who just needed a scape goat for a rape
bring it !
i guarantee they will be chaos and destruction on the street and alot of killing !
one thing is being a criminal , white black brown .
another thing is being an immigrant !
ca nt wait to see all those americans talking working in the fields and working in the fast foods and hotels our gardeners or babysitters !
immigrants pay taxes too !
this will start a war ! ! !
america is nothing without these hard working people ! (
not talking about criminals those can rot in prison !
😡 🤬
no homo we smokin penises
some of these mi'qmaq protesters need to go out and get jobs and make a useful contribution to their community
here are some of the actual stats , not comforting bs to justify sexism and pay discrimination .
" in the three years after the women 's team won the world cup in 2015 , their games generated more total revenue than men 's games , according to the wall street journal .
the 2015 women 's world cup final also had more views than any soccer match in u.s. history , men 's or women 's , at that time . "
a priest and a rabbi are running out of a school on fire the priest says “ what about the children ” 
 the rabbi says “ fuck them ” 
 priest says “ will we have time ? ”
the catholic church stopped being a bulwark against western rot when the church became infested with homosexuals it is now just as if not more corrupted than the government bureaucracies of western nations and has sunk so low we are hearing stories of depraved gay orgies on sacred church ground
boy are you still bitter that the people got tired of being dumped on by harper ?
what s the difference between a jewish man and a christian man camping ?
only one come back alive .
@mcitlfraphorism get fucked , you biblical bag of dicks .
to paraphrase the donald ... 
 " fbi , cia , russian hackers , wikileakers ( who i just love by the way ) , find my taxes !
< percent > of white woman voted for trump
@marcorubio high school kids kicked your ass in a debate when you defended the slaughter of kids .
like every disgusting resluglican you love death , abuse and rape , preferably as it applies to youth .
stop your phony prayer group , you 're a sick devil .
jesus hates you , so fuck off .
no , it 's not worth it .
these jackets are n't even high tech like patagonia or mec .
do n't waste your money .
that 's assuming that oregon can come up with the money that is expiring per obamacare 's terms .
oregon agreed to take the ' extra ' medicaid money knowing full well that the extra federal money was scheduled to disappear at the end of obama 's term .
that missing money is part of the $ 1.2 billion ' shortfall ' here in oregon .
now oregon taxpayers have to replace that money .
and that has nothing to do with trump at all .
pelosi and reid designed the aca bill that way .
ooga booga send the immigrants back to africa
onward christian soldiers marching as to war , ( kill ! !
kill !
kill ! ! )
with the cross of jesus going on before , ( kill ! !
kill !
kill ! ! ) ,
christ the royal master , ( kill !
kill !
kill ! )
leads against the foe , ( kill !
kill !
kill ! ) ,
forward into battle , ( kill !
kill !
kill ! )
onward then ye people , join our happy throng , ( kill ! !
kill !
kill ! ! ) ,
blend with us your voices , in our trumpsters song , ( kill ! !
kill !
kill ! ! ) .
end off this japanese set with lesbian scissoring nsfw
i wonder how much of this sort of behavior by gates and his clique of social elites is because humans have an instinct to protect their position once they make ` ` top dog '' in a hierarchy .
khadr 's sister has never changed her views .
there are recent blogs to the effect that if you can not be a true muslim you must leave your mosque .
that includes vilifying homosexuality and refusal to integrate into canadian society .
no questioning of belief is permissible .
not to mention her support of terrorism !
in what universe would it be ok for khadr to associate freely with this woman ?
and with 10 million to donate to one if her favourite " charities " .. 
 chretien was duped by the father ... let us not make a similar mistake .
good column .
knowledge about anything is not a trump priority .
a man who has never read a book from beginning to end .
what s the difference between acne and a priest ?
acne waits until you are < number > to come on your face !
do you also find it " funny " that 100 founders , 94 of which were professing christians , spent weeks vetting the constitution 's provisions , discussing what were natural rights , " revealed rights " and determined to insure the blessings of freedom for posterity ?
that they discussed the necessity of " religion " , by which they meant christianity in its essence , for a free , moral , religious society ?
the only violence that can erupt from " cult squabbling " is from islam against anyone non muslim .
apparently , you do n't know us history at all .
the first war the new nation was forced to fight was against islam ( known as mohamadism ( sp ) .
jefferson and adams learned of the determination of " mosselmen " to destroy the us because it was not muslim .
ummm .... maybe not be a peice of fucking shit and overreact and kill people cause you 're a weak little bitch .
no amount of " bullying " ever constitutes killing people .
fuck you .
breakfast is served ! #
gay # cum # maqueue url
< user > < user > zionist jews are courting their own destruction by christian zionists that is a disturbing irony
burn their fucking church down !
my moms friend says i should b more kind < number > the filthy jews so i m gon na start calling them grimey jews since i m filled with christ love on the christmas holiday even tho the fucking jews murdered jesus who was white
white people complain about homophobia in the middle east just to fuel their islamophobia they literally don ’ t give a shit about gay arabs
i 'm na indian and i am happy they did it .
i know no one like this , but this , does put a smile on my face
this white boy was like wyd and i said i was at work i swear to god he asked me what i was wearing and said my work uniform
ai nt nobody wearing those new westbrook " jordan 's " but mexicans & trailer park trash white girls .
the ducks are an immature team with poor senior leadership .
the coaches are doing a   horrible job .
the new defense is a disaster ... they rank second to last in both scoring defense and total defense .
the offense and especially the more experienced players have been inconsistent all season .
they are the second most penalized team in the pac-12 and showing no signs of improvement .
they have taken on the personality of the head coach , as most teams do , of a nice guy with almost no sense of discipline or structure .
it is a happy go lucky group who put in a minimal effort .
in just two - years they have gone from playing for the national championship to last place in the division .
that is what is called " trending downward rapidly" ... time for a new head coach .
good and deep response , especially the end of it .
i like how you see it now .
you should definitely do what will you make happy .
does n't matter what other people say .
and if you can find peace with yourself without medical intervations , then it is probably the best solution .
btw in my case my gender issues started when i was around 12 and very slowly progressed to the point if no return .
but it was n't caused by evaluation of societal advantages , rather with sexual identity feelings .
i was crossdressing and secretly wished i was female for 18 years .
it 's not about being racist it 's about what comes out of the squad 's mouth that 's what it 's all about does n't matter what color their skin is that does n't matter just put a dirty sock in their mouth
what was jesus 's favorite type of gun ?
a nail gun
i do n't think i like your tone of voice .
the best book ever is ... the catholic church and the chamber of secrets
i for reals walk by this group of freshman and this bitch really pulled out a big ass bag of hot cheetos
sidra bfd slap urself u smelly bitch what the fuc bro why u likin my boyfriends picture for on instagram inni
how do you get a priest to sleep with a nun ?
dress her up like an alter - boy .
does god drink ?
because i heard that if you go to his house in texas , you 'll get free shots .
@pastorlocke maybe you should get your head out of your wifes pussy for a second and come to reality and see that some things u say are not true and need to get your facts straight you bible thumping dumb fuck take your bible and shove it up your candy ass prick
i can ’ t stand a ghetto ass bitch
< user > jim sonny dykes sounds like a great vacation destination for lesbians we d love to hear more about it sincerely the wnba
.@ycombinator @notationcapital @jessedraper 8/ win - win - win : independent merchants ; owners of unused storefronts ; and bulletin .
" @dhsuchak sorry to hear this .
could you send us the screenshots of " " about phone " " in settings for further aid ? "
they're a bunch of christian murdering scum who run giant death factories keeping babies alive and selling their body parts !
did you hear ?
we 're one of the places to support in 2017 !
thanks @gastrognome @thrillistsea ! #
shopeseattle … https://t.co/ebckkhz4gm
in the us , pastors and priests can not control the one - eyed snakes in their pants that 's why they sexually abuse children and vulnerable adults .
url
hey everybody , look at this - you can mute bill hooper 651 

 to mute a bill hooper 651 just do this 
 hover over ( or tap , on mobile devices ) the user 's name ( bill hooper 651 ) 
 click ( or tap ) the " mute " button 

 viola ! !
one less troll to view / smell .
is n't technology grand ! !
do n't leave ur house alone u jewish christian homosexual boy lover ur dead man walking slut
< number > taxi drivers sentenced and < number > more suspended in newcastle for raping and grooming children why is not this headline news bbc i will tell you it is because they are all pakistani heritage muslims who single out white children to groom and rape ignored by our liberal elite
how much better it would have been if the bishops , at some point , had realized that people ought to be taught that what is written in the scriptures is allegory and symbolism , because that is the only way that we can approach the almighty , whom our minds can not grasp .
if only we had been taught , a long time ago , that the nativity story was simply theorizing , and based on symbolism and mythology ( but good mythology , not bad mythology -- for those of you who are already in a dither ) .
i think that we could see this holiday in a much healthier light , and it would avoid some of the questions , like the ones raised when we talk about joseph 's dilemma .
yes , jesus had to be born , but are the exact details of that birth so important to us ?
is not the symbolism more important ?
the fact is that most of us believe that god can do anything that god wills , so why can we simply not be willing to accept some mystery into our spiritual life ?
what do mcdonalds and catholic priests have in common they both stick their meat in 10 year old buns
amazing , how did this person get into the country ?
religion is often a source of immoral behavior .
just look at muslim terrorists .
christianity historically ended up being violent as well .
but religion also has done a lot to help mankind .
our health care disaster started when we switched from religiously run hospitals to a for profit system that is in reality a monopoly .
@mark pearson you are truly a pos .
no need for your disgusting disrespect .
misogyny is not what the bear stream is about .
it does seem odd on the surface .
but i 've been hearing lots of little reasons adding up ... injury history ( as well as concern over the current hamstring injury lingering ) ... the want to hang onto and give playing time to the young guys behind him that they 're really happy with ... the $ 4.5 m cap savings that can be used to shore up another area ... etc .
and as i said above , talib might be in his final year or two with the team as well ( depending on how age treats him over the new few years ) , and they probably do n't want to replace 2 starters in the secondary at the same time .
they probably want to introduce fresh blood to the starting unit slowly , every year or two .
they 've given the long - term commitments to harris and stewart , so they 'll likely be here many more years .
plus some are saying that the young guys actually bring some things to the table that ward does n't .
i 'm not necessarily convinced of all of those things , but i can see the logic behind it .
what 's the difference between me and the local priest ?
he prefers my youngest son
of course it did .... there was a guy at the door telling her to put on the head cover before entering .... should she have pushed him out of the way ?
.
you should change your name
a true christian is accepting of all just as jesus was .
this whole thing is bogus .
why her panties are in a bunch is beyond most .
live and let live .
who cares who sleeps with who , how does it really affect her or anyone else ?
her proposal really amounts to wanting to discriminate but that how the religious fanatics are , they preach everyone has to be as they are .
so get over it and do n't worry live and let live .
so if a baker does n't want to make the cake why would the couple want them to and patronize an idiot .
plenty other places to get the cake .
the whole thing is just plain stupid 

 kudos to the preacher who called this bogus and where is the data that shows any of these people are harmed in any way .
the alt right is corrupted with people supporting racemixing with asians and homosexuals it time for a new nationalism
while affirmative action laws do still exist , us states can and do pass laws rejecting affirmative action .
this is one reason ( among many ) that buttigieg is promoting national policies to stop discrimination .
the state of washington only recently repealed its 20 - year ban on affirmative action .
url nine us states banned affirmative action . "
texas 's ban was reversed by a supreme court decision in 2003 , leaving eight states that currently ban the policy . "
url - center - chalkboard/2019/04/12 / why - might - states - ban - affirmative - action/
paul i like you and appreciate what you are doing but you are being a retard right now
her : this pussy gon na have you acting retarted 🤪 me after i stick just the tip in : url
these past days , i 'm finding it really hard to put my thoughts and feeling into words .
maymay megmagazinesoon
just wait until every third world country starts funneling and trafficking their kids to the u.s. if we follow this kind of thinking
@y_alibhai @onebiggins @iaindale why would anyone want a sour faced negative white person hating old bag like you on stage with them ?
you are a vile human being .
there is a differance between waiting for you love and ignore the rest and waiting while you have fun with others .
do n't invest in funerals .
it 's a dying industry .
i went to oklahoma for thanksgiving and spent over a $ 100.00 on their ( amish ) pies , turkey and other food .
what did jesus say before he died ?
nothing that cunt does n't even exist .
the bible is actually 100 % accurate .. .. especially when thrown at close range !
your favorite rapist pastor is showing his cult boy fangs .
his desperation smells like rotten fish .
it would be amusing if it was n't so dangerous .
that man is a menace to society .
he should be taken down like a rabid dog .
before the crusades for < number > years the barbarian muslimes murdered christians and invaded took nations in europe much as they are doing now that ended with the crusades christians were forced to fight back and they destroyed the muslimes history will repeat we have no choice < user > ‍
@joshua logan oh pls what genocide you blacks did the same to us why do you think we formed mexican street gangs you blacks were targeting us and btw the blacks slaves heklped the spainish destroy the aztec empire so get out of here with that fake victim status worry about real genocides in africa where blacks are killing other blacks .
amber is dale gross , his responses should surprise no one
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > i know that clown i m responding to the part where you say russians are all white 😬
@natashajain6 @msdhoni dhoni what a man .. this is show that he is a legend of indian cricket
for the record i do not think it can be denied that jews are nepotistic and intelligent with a strong in group preference what bothers me is that they will not allow anyone else the same priviledge
gosh golly how dare she respond @potatottamus @professorf @chrisvcsefalvay
" what y all gon ' hear today ... is the mother of all anti semitic hate raps .... this is revenge for all the dead children that fell victim from way back .. this here is for every single arab .. shit , even the christians gon ' feel like they 're getting their payback once i rape your mother in the ass with no protection , bare back , wearing a mel gibson face mask ...   bruh .. one of the best opening verses of all time .
period .
from the beginning was the song i remember most fondly .
hauntingly brilliant .
give it a listen , i think you will feel the same .
support black trans youth url
niggas acting like bitches
yeah the bible says gay sex is a sin ... but also list -divorce -adultery -masturbation - sodomy ( oral and anal ) even with a woman -having children out of wedlock as being just as bad , but religious types never mention that .
my parents used to call me crazy for having an imaginary friend i realized how crazy it was too when my prayers did n’t stop his priests from raping me .
if people wanting to commit depraved sexual acts is a reason to re - think the church 's teaching on sexuality , is n't people telling lies a reason to re - think the church 's teaching on truth - telling ?
especially in these enlightened times , after fifty years of loosening up of those fusty old neuroses about lying in court , in the media , in the white house .
and those ridiculous old principles of good sportsmanship should be re - thought too .
in the latter half of the twentieth century we all discovered that people just like to cheat : professional athletes cheat , olympic teams cheat , even dogs cheat at flyball .
is n't it obvious that jesus would want us to affirm and welcome and flatter cheaters ?
i am so tired of corporate america i am only < number > years old and i feel like i have been in this bitch for < number > years
shout out to africa and african americans 🇺 🇸 🇿 🇦
another conservative who is ignorant about the term " liberal democracy . "
it does not mean what you assume it does .
moscow is lovely at this time of year and everybody wants to live there .
said nobody ever .
we just need a raid for the asians
i know this is slightly off topic , but i would urge people to spend some time on this site exploring the various provided links .
it will give you some idea of the scope of alberta 's oil production whether conventional or oilsands .
the oilsands projects map is particularly illuminating .
http://www.energy.alberta.ca/oilsands/791.asp 

 http://www.energy.alberta.ca/oilsands/585.asp
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
lmao who seeing cupcakke tonight i am down af to go but i got no bitch to go with
it has indeed been a pleasure .
i often learn more on the topics i post on than not and appreciate perspectives different than my own .
like you ,   i detest insults and never directly insult the poster but i vigorously attack their posts .
niggas acting like bitches
a pedophile and rapist walk into a bar the bartender asks"what can i get for you , father "
uh , no , hosted wordpress .
i do not want you to manage my dns .
i am not your devil you are zealots and nazis burn the christian air force
it should come out of her limo bill
pornhub advisory : very young teens ( all models 18 + at time of filming ) 

 very old grannies ( all models alive at time of filming )
i was able to sight it in before the rain started .
even tho it does nt say anywhere in the bible that gays are bad but hey , religion and its retarded extremeist followers like this child molester are the reason why hatred is still around .
if you 'd put your dick back in your pants and out of little children ,
what do mcdonald 's and priest have in common ?
they both like sticking their meat in 10 year old buns
# rt @cutecutydoll : fucking and sucking aunty indian retweet follow and like url
i 'm old enough to predate it slightly , and agreed , how has this become the default position of all white western nations ?

no , feminism will destroy them as it is the west .
stop exporting bad ideologies around the world
not only did they benefit from coming here but most every other country has more of a merit based immigration system than the us meaning the us takes more family and others than workers .
i d also love to see an article on those numbers .
the counter - culture has become the mainstream ; and thus fell rome .
@joelosteen if we want to grow in spiritual matters , choose people who love god and are committed to living right according to his word .
what is meant here is about the people we choose to be closest to or our best friends ...
for guerilla warfafe events like lasvegasshooting is why many jews seek fame posing as conservatives on twitter and in radio shows so they can feed their followers all kinds of false talking points away from the truth after their attacks
hella confusing when someone does n't answer ur messages but be watching your every fuckin move still like ignore me at full length u pansy
you never see churches with free wifi because no church wants to compete with an invisible power that actually works .
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
only niggas make being a good person a contest lmfao
< user > < user > not as sad as i am that we have an anti democracy white supremacist racist anti refugee hater of the poor and weak islamaphobe hater pres who is weakening the usa and adding to the destruction of the environment and national monuments
first of all , that 's racists .
secondly , are you saying it 's ok to reduce brown people to this type of labor ?
so your argument for illegal immigration is so they can do they hard , very low paying shitty jobs white people do n't want to do ?
i 'm sure even most liberal feminists despise this
you seem to be confusing the fundamentalists with the catholics .
you make excuses as to why baby killing is simply more viable for the western world .
no catholic would think that catholic doctrine could ever conflict with the truth , i think you have unmasked yourself as a simple - minded troll playing the part of a liberal cafeteria catholic .
i do n't think you know anything about the church .
could the guilty parties be charged with reckless endangerment or something ?
what 's the difference between acne and a catholic priest ?
acne does n't come on a boy 's face until after he 's < number >
trading with china has been a hard lesson in itself .
when the second largest economy in the world with 1.4 billion people sell us $ 65 billion in chinese products while purchasing only $ 19 billion in canadian products , it is clear that we are being taken advantage of .
the intent is clear .
canola as an example .
any expansion of this imbalanced trade model would be costly and highly detrimental to the canadian economy .
the alt right is corrupted with people supporting racemixing with asians and homosexuals it time for a new nationalism
are the dykes on tik tok having beef
what kind of mentally cripple people would collect money for refugees at their daughter funeral after a refugee raped and killed her we would never see a muslim family in the middle east rasising money for a christian who raped and killed their daughter they are winning because we are letting them
the erasure of black people / poc from the deep south by those who work at publications such as the new york times like @jonathanweisman is why a diverse newsroom is necessary and vital .
these harmful narratives are not only factually wrong but toxic .
" @citizenpaws with paws on the counter , he stood beside her , eyes following the tray . " "
it is .. sort of .
dog thing , hm ? " " "
@ilhan oh oh .. somebody did something .. really @ilhan what we really need to do is separate you from congress and send your fraudulent a$$ packing back to mogadishu , somalai .
there you can organize cair with your hamas brotherhood .
minnesota is on to you .
minnesota vote red in 2020 .
that 's why i hate working on school days ... be fucking up my schedule
always comes from countries where blacks are .. smh
< percent > of white woman voted for trump
anyone know what song is the original song of # jimin 's lie ?
it 's written in wings album and i do n't have them in my hands now .
t t # bts
oh my ... donald trump is falling behind why ? , ...
because he continues to be himself .
newer folk to the process are thinking , no thanks donald you are too erratic and controversial , folk who voted for him in the primaries are now apparently thinking ... whoops , what was i thinking , that was a mistake .
the firing of his manager who professed " let trump be trump " is a hoot , this has nothing and yet everything to do with trumps decline ..... he could n't figure it out himself .
yep , did n't listen to the onslaught of feedback to " be more presidential " saying something ridiculous like ... "i'm sorry i just have to be me " ... and now blaming his manager for his falling numbers .
nope , it 's all on you donald .
the other half of the gop are now waking up to what their fellow conservatives and independents were hollering about .
so , wake up you silly ( stoopid ) heads who voted him in as the candidate and pray the convention will produce a viable choice .
in short and to the point ... the donald ain't it !
next on my world tour hot arabs arab women can be extremely hot if they just were allowed to take off those damn burquas nsfw
nothing royal about this wedding he is a bastard and she is a nignog halfbreed thot and a divorced catholic to boot it is notable that both the father of the bride and the father of the groom did not attend
hey , i ' m looking to meet new people maybe find myself a nice white boy .
you look like you tell black people you do n't say the n word rapping in the car
of course he 's a repubican .
that 's what they do - control the media while holding political office .
hitler did the exact same thing .
i completely relate to you , for me i was in denial because i always thought that i 'd be down with being a guy but i 'd prefer to be a girl , but as time went on i realized that the preference was n't preference it was a necessity for me .
even though i 'm okay with being a guy i 'd be really sad now that 's dysphoria in many aspects but that alone being a preference is pretty much dysphoria in itself , it may not be as big as other forms but preferring in my eyes is dysphoric in a way , does that make sense ?
the worst are those who continue to blame the victims .
and those who continue to joke and deflect on the subject .
good to see a bunch of you received training .
this nigga pulled a donkey from shrek on us
guanlin ➸ okay ... he really caught my heart .
he seems so shy and precious and omg i already just want to protect him i have the urge
what ’s the difference between a pedophile and a priest nothing
a transgender and homosexual will enter that beautiful gate on judgement day before you pretentious narcist person ..
drawing districts so that some group will receive representation but that same process can be done to exclude groups which present problems .
i think a process that does not require any biased intervention might be best .
an example of an unbiased section would be to have north - south and east- west line that start in a corner of the state and moved in a diagonal direction until the district had a population equal to the percent of population to be represented ( currently 1/7 ) .
people need to understand what taqiyya is .
they need to understand the subtleties .
they need to know it is islamic moral code to do whatever it takes to achieve msulim 's ultimate domination of the world , which necessarily condems to death , all who do not embrace muhammed as the true prophet of god .
death to jews , christians , buddhists , and even the wrong kind of muslim !
( sunni - shitte ) they are taught the importance of melding in wherever they are when greatly outnumbered , and patience until they outnumber .
and then drop the hammer .
so i can guarantee you muslims in america are going to be friendly , helpful and pleasant , but i also hear they are the fastest growing population , or at least fast .
so enjoy their friendship while you can , but do n't forget , in their eyes you are merely an infidel , worthy only of death .
abrahamic religion is trash .
now defend your trash church 's kiddie diddling .
it maddening to watch this happen i am definitely a leftist and to watch two men who certainly are not rightwing be painted as nazi sympathizers by other leftists because they are white and made comic book movies that are not light and happy is just sad
shoot like the coach gave you green light from anywhere even if yo shot look like shaqs keep shooting away & # 128514;&#128514 ;
how do you circumcise a choir boy ?
kick the priest in the jaw .
amber when the nigger picked her url
and again that same day after trump 's election , a muslim student at the university of louisiana at lafayette made up a story about being attacked and robbed by trump supporters , who supposedly ripped off her hijab .
that too turned out to be a hoax .
god is trying to destroy the white supremacists 😉 👍 # praisehisname
going into shelters and deporting illegal immigrants is morally incorrect but the government does not run solely on morals and i think before you guys debate it understand that dealing with what is legal and illegal is the job of our government
gender norms constitute the soul and substance of cultural values and beliefs .
to imagine that a culture can survive without gender norms is preposterous , to say the least .
but if such a society ever existed , then it must have been very weak , poorly organised and incapable of surviving adversities .
i can ’ t stand a ghetto ass bitch
< user > every single white person found dead in a ditch
oh god .
white libs are so scared of making black people mad .
they do n't treat them like people .
they 're just votes to them .
hey , i 'll have some of that shower coke plz !
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
your point ?
oh , absolutely the top dogs know more than the worker bees .
but , and this is my point , public servants should not be making 6 figure salaries when the workers are under $ 50,000 .
maybe the boss should be making twice as much as the worker but not three and four times more .
not on the public dollar , and i believe eweb is public .
i walked into a pet shop today and said , " i 'll have those two cute baby rabbits in the window please . " "
no problem . "
she smiled , " would you like anything else ? " "
yes , " i replied , " i 'll have one of those big things that they go inside . " "
a hutch ? "
she asked .
i said , " no , a snake . "
where did i say only tech matters ?
i did n't , did i.
gab day i think it a great day to get the word out to all of our friends family coworkers and fellow countryman about where to find a real uncensored free speech community to replace that globalist internet spying ghetto called twitter let make today gabday
reason for not supporting homosexuality the bible the bible pride is a sin so called “ christians ” straight pride yeehaw
i 'm sorry .
i did n't intentionally erase a tirade .
what did i say to insult your father ?
i really do n't remember , but remind me and i 'll spruce it up a bit .
and no it is not true christian behavior , so yeah , that 's my bad .
but i thought you wanted to roll around in the mud .
yeah , we 're like a pig and a dog , fighting it out in a mud bowl .
are you the pig or the dog ?
your choice .
masha allah brothers from your part east pakistan
we 're also playing with swim team ( great ) and fly ball ( also great ) , and i heard a preview of the new shrouded amps tape , and it 's killer .
i think the only connection homosexuality has to christianity , in this country , is the large proportion of paedophiles being representatives of christian churches .
" @xd3vx devin the truth is .... he realized when he said " " your sister is one " " he said to himself , why am i talking about mine ? "
i play softball and at our memorial day tournament there was a trans woman in the girls long ball derby who won .
definitely cause she 's a dude .
white collar crimes of tsunami proportions , committed willfully over a period of several years .
no mercy due for this privileged perp .
i doubt our legal system has an effective means of seeing the trust money restored , so avery had his extravagant fling & escapes with some jail time , which i wager will be reduced .
now , he 's playing the contrition card .
disgusting .
he stole $ 52 million ( as far as they know ) , gets fined $ 100,000 , plus $ 800 & the restitution of $ 46 m will go un paid .
my favorite part about jesus christ is how his body melts in my mouth
no nigger suck my shiny black tits
bitches be acting like niggas niggas be acting like bitches bitches be loving these niggas
roses are black , i have a stomach virus so i m vomiting & amp;#x200b ;
if shane jumps off of that rollercoaster ill have a fucking heart attack # wrestlemania
i think you have a typo in your comment .
i am almost certain he was not tired of " winning , ' since there has been virtually none of that since he was nominated .
you must 've meant " whining , " because drumpf and his surrogates do a whole lot of that .
not really true .
the democrat base ( i.e. , black community and hispanic community ) have strong christian beliefs and are church going people .
what is interesting though , is that a white conservative in small town america is mocked because he goes to church but those same democrats attend black church services right before election day to pander to the black voter .
well , i guess i have to cross community supported shelters off my charity list .
if they are willing to turn away the homeless based on their genitals rather than their needs , i for one , can not support them .
st. vincent 's does not turn away non - catholics do they ?
^(continuing off that)^ lots daughters : * having sex with their dad * god : this is probably ok .
i 'll keep watching just in case ...
before science what did dads say to their children when they asked where baby ’s came from ?
they said , “ here let me show you . ”
i was blessed with a 10 inch penis that priest has since been sent to jail
new to nsfw twitter • < number > • us • soft hard dom • single • lesbian • she her lt < number > rt for mutual
it 's 2019 .
y'all white bball fans are gon na learn that how you 've been talking about players has been and still is racist af .
america : 25 percent of american students pass their geography america : 25 percent of american students pass their geography ` ` speak for change
lgbt people like football too .
the baptist church and its retarded disciples are the biggest enablers of the zionist elite and yet there still have people wondering how the jews took over the world 🤦 🏻 ‍ ♂ ️
they are already at war with each other thriugh proxies ..
rip nehlen he may be married to a beaner and a christcuck but at least he aiming in the right direction
i have an amazing ability !
i find objects just before people lose them .
the police , however , call it theft .
when trump boasted about his perverted sexual predations , the right fell all over themselves to excuse it and attempt to normalize it as ' just how the boys do ' .
even the self - proclaimed and self - styled ' righteous ' evangelical extremists decided they 'd just go ahead and accept trump and hold him close , never mind their christian hearts might go all aflutter .
used to be , for those self same evangelicals , even one divorce would summarily disqualify a candidate , but today , with trump , they do n't care if he runs through wives like some people do the number of new cars they might buy .
and the boasting and admitted perverted sexual predation ?
like trump did n't boast and admit his crime .
sexual perverts should pay for their crimes .
period .
as one , as a society we should condemn them and not allow them to escape punishment .
but , if you 're a right winger , you only act like you 're outraged if it 's not a right winger caught in their perversions .
no better example of the right 's hypocrisy
italy is for italians get the immigrants to go back to their shitholes america is for americans europe is for europeans clear
to settle the debate , why do nt they just turn the toilet paper holder upright ?
because it turns into a political issue
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
lots of christians think that people who have n't accepted jesus are going to burn in hell for eternity .
they seem to love themselves some torture .
demand constrained because you say so ?
can you supply evidence that the lower and middle classes are no longer purchasing items ?
are you saying there is no demand for iphones ?
for nike shoes ?
for air jordans ?
for pc 's ?
for new and flipped homes here in denver ?
for big screen tv 's ?
have you ever shopped at walmart ?
where are you getting your info . ?
the < number > enemy of white south africans is nt niggers it their insane belief in the jewish bible for whiteskin idiots
muslims do n't either .
radical fanatic islamists do .
the do n't represent muslims any more than anders breivik represents christians .
and you might want to look up the sectarian violence in northern ireland .
the radical jewish settlers who open fire on palestinian civilians in israel , and the way fanatical buddhists treat others in southeast asia .
no way that another black guy murdering another white person that can not be i mean to say that is a hate crime would be racists or to even say over < number > plus percent black children do not have fathers and that a crime problem would be a hate crime would not it
showing strength after 8yrs of weakness will get the attention of the world .
peace through strength !
ted was crooked .
just because the justice department decided not to try him again , does n't mean he was innocent .
that would be the mat su
barry o < number > with crazy mohammedan louie farakhan rubbing elbows with the guys that openly say they want to kill all white people and enslave the world
black girl magic .
url
we want to wish everyone in the # lbgtq community a fantastic # pridemonth , the galaxy is a better place with all of you in it .
❤ ️ 🌈 url
# junkstatus is bad .
the worse threat to all lives is the enduring political uncertainty in anc .
like a sinking titanic , lots will go with it
does alcholics anonymous want to know if i jack off they have already proven themselves christian nazi fa t bitches
i do n't think i can listen to arcane roots without getting a little emosh , andrews voice gets me right in the feelz
the last time i went to catholicchurch for sunday mass the filipino priest was clearly homosexual there were like < number > white folk there these little hispanic kids were signing and dancing and the priest lectured on welcoming refugees and no latin spoken 🙉 🙉 🤢 🤢 that was it 😒 gabfam speakfreely
@charliekirk11 @ilhanmn when will @nancypelosi get control of her demoncrats.this @ilhanmn is trying to start trouble in america and when it gets started .. good luck on trying to stop it without installing marshall law .. this is what muslims , antifa , muslim terriosts want.they will get more than they think
totalbiscuit mainly attacked sjws because they attacked him first in hysterical and extremely aggressive terms for looking into the quinnspiracy on his own and not < number > going along with the narrative he shares most of the sjws views on gender feminism etc but is slightly less retarded about it
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > i know that clown i m responding to the part where you say russians are all white 😬
fr .
martin is a voice of reason in a sea of culture war " intrinsically disordered , do n't ask do n't tell " catholics .
i particularly liked an essay fr .
martin wrote a couple years ago in america about how cruel and unrealistic it is to expect gay men to become faithful catholics ( google " what should a gay catholic do " to find it ) .
< user > < user > < user > he called lesbians dumpy women who take birth control hysterical and said that boys raped by catholic priests are victims of the gay disease what exactly has he said about white people
god will not bless the republican party who bans christians including queers is tolerance banning christians is sin cpac is no longer christian
what is the first thing a priest would say after he got back to home from jail * breathes in *   ahhhh .... smells like teen spirit
what do you call a tender boy in a catholic elementary school ?
a prime aged bone\-in filet .
why do n't you stfu and leave my son alone , who tf are you to tell my son how to live ?
what gives you the right ?
pimlico racetrack area is weird two sides of it are complete ghetto dumps while the other two sides are still fairly decent even w some upscale people living there i love the track itself just hate the west south sides of the track
you 'd think the catholic church would be in favour of condoms ... less dna evidence .
palestinians have been oppressing jews for centuries .
in 1839 , the british consul , william young , said that the poor jew in jerusalem ... lives from day to day in terror of his life .... young attributed the plight of the jew in jerusalem to “ the blind hatred and ignorant prejudice of a fanatical populace , ” 

 jews in jerusalem .
new york times 	 december 29 , 1878 
 crowded together in the worst lodgings , or in the dark cellars under a synagogue building , without food , fuel , or water – even water at jerusalem being a commodity of price – numbers died of starvation and various diseases , while others went raving mad .
those who could labor were denied employment by the bigotry of the mussulmans and of the oriental christians .
notice the date .
this was before the first zionists arrived in palestine .
notice the word bigotry .
you know what i roughly gather from them banning me for saying that i gather the hidden message that i am supposed to be fucking blacks and arabs jesus christ another time i was kicked off for saying i do not do crack it a ghetto drug
the other supreme court justice , rosalie abella was appointed to the scc by paul martin , but her first two judicial appointments ( ontario family court and ontario court of appeal ) were by conservatives .
yes , prisoners should have appropriate health care .
and so should all the rest of us ... unfortunately there are problems with that at present .
am i the only one who hasn ’ t tried white claws lmao
@realdonaldtrump as long as they 're white , straight , christians , right ?
you racist , fascist , rapist , ignorant pig piece of shit .
she looks like the kind of girl who hangs out at the bus stop with a girl friend looking for people to beat up .
like she is the one that holds their arms and has her slightly fatter and slightly sluttier friend punch them in the stomach .
seriously i get so tired of people trying to find racist or sexist undertones in stuff .
keep perpetuating it up so it never dies , that 'll work .
you completely missed it , my man .
a porsche - really !
you and i both know there will be people who will earn more than others , but that does n't one better than the other .
again , you missed it .
identity politics - really ?
that 's , my point .
people should not be identified by color , but as americans or citizens - whatever suits you .
we 're saying the same thing .
wow ! ! !
remove the attitude and maybe we can move forward as citizens or americans - whatever suits you .
at least we 're having the conversation .
this is real conversation .
keep it coming !
my family can pass as white but we 're part native and hispanic .
it 's def something i think about daily .
especially in a predominantly white community .
there is no winning here on either side .
if the cake baker wins , it opens the door for more of this crap by so called christians .
if the gay couple wins , it opens the door for forcing businesses to do things they do n't want to do .
in the end , no mater who wins , this will be a pyrrhic victory .
twitter faggot bitch
girls know them when they encounter them but still choose to ignore all warning signs and fall for em then turn around and say all men are trashh 😒 url
just once i d like to see or hear on the news about a moslem business being sued by gays why is it always the christian businesses is it because they do not threaten to kill gays by beheading or throwing them off tall buildings
why are catholic priests called father ?
coz calling them " daddy " would be too obvious .
typical libs in perpetual denial .. when brazile was confronted with her own words from a wikileaks e mail to the affect " sometimes i get these questions in advance " all she could do was spew a bunch of nonsense about being a christian woman and that the e mails were stolen ! ! !
this is just like a hillary .. if caught red handed , admit nothing and deny deny deny .. all based on the liberal premise that voters are too stupid to know better .
the arrogance know no bounds !
@mcitlfraphorism intolerance is for the self - loathing .
there are only two types of priests : pedophiles and pedophile enablers .
2,000 + years of evidence determines i 'm right & you 're wrong .
yes this vision was merely mapped to him by prp
we have n't heard this exquisitely beautiful song in a while .
are the dykes on tik tok having beef
bill the redneck bought a diesel truck and then got in a fight before waking up to creepy ghost sounds
< user > < user > nobody is going to hate you you are an awesome resistor
in a sense this may be true not so much in the direct violence sort of way but in the sense of using false pretenses to extract resources from men of course we can not discount all those teachers etc which just boggles my mind
you never watched doctor who or torchwood ?
that may be .
but none any more an unfounded assumption than the implicit " the national average is a better comparative value for our tax levels than any other randomly chosen number " used in the reasoning above .
taxes are obviously not driven purely by reason , nor by consistent philosophical values , using the thus - fundamentally arbitrary choices of other states in the aggregate does n't magically grant that number any philosophical or economic validity .
israel home of the jewish people arabs jordan u may know that israel was promised to the jewish people well b4 ur saviour came or any arab knew where israel was clue it is in the chumash pots melamed and ps u can call me sir
the jews help other jews the asians help other asians and white supremacy has wealth frozen in their community is america was built for whites not blacks so blacks should help other blacks
# schumershutdown 
 amnesty first : schumer rejects mcconnell ’s proposal for a 3 - week budget with an immigration debate
the thought of ethnonationalism frightens the blaq man not just because he worried about violence being done to his ppl at the hands of whitey but also because he understands that despite his critiques of white solidarity blaqs are just as hostile towards one another he needs wypipo to blame
askstacey how do we get more women like you on the beeb and in the biz we need your honesty and empathy
rape in a church and rape in the woods are basically the same , the cardinals always ignore it
@joelosteen if we want to grow in spiritual matters , choose people who love god and are committed to living right according to his word .
what is meant here is about the people we choose to be closest to or our best friends ...
repeating what i wrote yesterday in response to   federal court rejects suit to block liberals ’ saudi arms deal : 

 in a previous life , before i decided to abandon a thriving consultancy to apply my training and experience to a systematic review of the koran , http://boreal.ca/koran/pppcontent.htm i was asked by a senior government official to include in a cost benefit analysis an estimate of the value of the life of an aboriginal http://boreal.ca/canadian/whokilledcams.htm .
i imagine that during the discussions the honourable stephen dion had with his officials , before he signed off on the sale of 15 billion dollars ' worth of mobile gun platforms to serial abusers of human rights , it was mentioned that they would be used by muslims to kill muslims .
did this factor in their cost benefit analysis of the deal ?
i doubt very much had this been a sale of weaponry to a despotic christian regime to be used against christians , that it would have been approved .
yes .
exactly .
fuck these religitard trash places and burn them to the ground .
the vatican , israel , everywhere .
remeber they come at you with a smile then ask you hate jews blacks the mexicans not the illegal ones just regulars then ask you repent for your sins repent is another fake christian do not fallow there a wako texas style christian lmfao funny gay nazis whitesupreamist fbi will be watching 😉 🤗 🤗 🤗 🤗
fuck christians !
these dinosaurs are trying to take away womens rights !
these sick bastards support incest and want to punish the poor .
late term abortion .
just once i d like to see or hear on the news about a moslem business being sued by gays why is it always the christian businesses is it because they do not threaten to kill gays by beheading or throwing them off tall buildings
growing up catholic , i never liked all the standing up , sitting or kneeling down in the church i wish the priest would just pick a position and fuck me .
kill yourself instead
so all that i 'm asking is that you handle me with caution 'cause i do n't give myself often but i guess i 'll try today
< user > < user > are you sure i know most of you hate indian muslims and christians equally
two priests are eating at a restaurant near the st .
peter 's basilica , one goes : " i ' m a bit worried about you , it seems to me that you got bigger since the last time i saw you " . "
nope , i still fit in a < number > years old "
it 's impossible to get excited about anything when you have no friends 
 things that are fun an exciting for normies , holidays and special events , are just suicidal fuel for subhumans .
ghetto niggers know ghetto nigger stuff what can i say other than war is not ghetto nigger nonsense grow up lil guy your stupid is showing
no insult ca nt think of shit with those holes in ur brain ?
lame ass nigga .
another favorite anal slut .
mr turnip is his own worst enemy .
he set the abusive tone of personal attacks and duplicity from the beginning of his campaign , yet his mindless followers have the temerity to complain because the press does n't treat him with kid gloves , choosing instead to print the actual things he says and does .
like it 's funny to me how people have their opinions about institutions , that were set up for us ( african - americans ) to succeed , receive so much hate from african - americans who chose institutions that 60 years ago would even let you lick the toilet to get in ...
i think they 're protesting sexist assumptions like that .
the solution is quite simple .
it 's called living within your means .
works for governments as well as families .
most families prioritize their spending in relation to their income .
high priority items get funded while the low ones do n't .
if you want more income , you find a way to earn it .
this government , however , wants to give priority to too many things relative to their income but , since their income is unearned to begin with and they can borrow on behalf of or increase taxes on every canadian , they are not under any restraint .
they are like credit addicts - spending to make themselves feel good .
there is also the overweening desire for re - election thrown in for good measure - " if they wo n't spend , we will " .
the crows always come home to roost , however .
mr. liberal finally ca n't borrow anymore , ca n't squeeze another tax dollar and ca n't meet the bills .
that 's usually when mr. conservative has to clean up   - shoo off those at the trough , pay the bills , and pare the priorities back
yea exactly .
they want complete control over belief , information , and the whole god damn paradigm .
fuck them .
they can all burn in hell .
" @billtufts how do you define " " bailout " " ?
the key factor in plan soundness is interest rates , which are slowly moving up .
agree ? "
the heck they do n't .
right now they 're on a tear , but it wo n't last .
they 'll go on a losing streak eventually .
it 's how teams respond to losing streaks that separates the wheat from the chaff .
bitches be acting like niggas niggas be acting like bitches bitches be loving these niggas
flag you .
@karensparksjoy @khshan @photog344 we got ta forced them all back in their snake holes where they belong !
american needs no hate ! ! ! #
mexicanstrong
new to nsfw twitter • < number > • us • soft hard dom • single • lesbian • she her lt < number > rt for mutual
a gay homeowner asks for help moving ... he needed help packing his fudge .
@danpatrick you are a sad lying sack of shit , fuck you and your king @gregabbott_tx , like fuck both you and your thoughts and prayers , dumb bags of racist white supremecist pieces of shit .
the antisemitism , holocaust denial , and anne frank jokes in this comment section are completely unacceptable .
as a 300 pound frizzy haired jewish women , i 'm deeply offended .
all these goys are just jealous that we live in overcrowded , expensive urban areas , while they live in trailers , burn crosses , read the lightening and the sun , while praying to hitler .
an immigrant ( more like invasion ) advocate dosen't like trump 's policies , there is a big surprise .
i 'm glad trump is doing whatever he can to stop obama 's open border and redistribution of wealth marxist policies .
what the article left out is compared to congress ' job   approval rating trump 's is soaring at 3 times as high .
they are worthless .
come on you ballless twats it 's supposed to be a roast , not a " i 'm looking for compliments please tell me , you would like to fuck me . " .
show some restraint goddamnit .
anyone else feel relationships and marriage are simply prostitution with extra steps ?
a wild misdreavus has appeared !
it 's iv is 75.56 .
despawns at 23:12:17 ( 27 m 7s ) .
https://t.co/bg0j72l71v
men built this country while girls sat on there ass and and made babies now it 's time for us deep south motherfuckers to take over also kill anyone who gives or gets an abortion
this judge has shown bias against women , homeless people , poor people , young people , and victims of criminal violence .
this was not unconscious , unspoken bias : this was extremist bias that led him to demonize innocent victims .
such bias does not go away with two weeks of sensitivity training .
it also does not just bias his judgments in criminal court .
he is not fit to sit on any bench .
besides being fired , he should be disciplined .
what is happening now is construction so much so that a transit person as a deputy chief capital management officer of the la metropolitan transportation authority would be making decisions on construction - not on transit .
murthy would be a fitting hire when trains are already running .
murthy would not be making decisions on matters that involves transit but civil engineering .
do you miss me like i miss you ?
fucked around and got attached to you
barry o < number > with crazy mohammedan louie farakhan rubbing elbows with the guys that openly say they want to kill all white people and enslave the world
last night i had an old white pilot say the mayor of chicago is a lesbian black woman all in your face sir what in the entire hell are you trying to say get the entire f*ck < censored > out of my face
an observation on the vice article about twitter for racists if their assertions are true and gab represents whiteflight does that mean that twatter has become a worthless ghetto which has caused its stock value to plummet i do not think vice thought through their accusatory implications
fuck food for thought just call the cops .
if stupid conservative overzealous religious cunts like this are n't going to be directly and aggressively handled by the citizen or his / her friends they need to be handled by the police .
these are the people that molest .
these are exactly the type of people that should be sitting in the gym smelling other people 's shit not me and my friends for selling or possessing down to one molecule of heroin or cocaine .
let them stair at a fucking clock and get beat by cops .
fuck ops family .
fuck their god , fuck their life .
sasse was a republican when trump was still doing coke with dems in ny
it also shows their desire to force a theocracy on all americans .
evangelicals are not only stupid , they are dangerous and anti - american .
plus there are no landing fees at our hub part 139 airports .
it 's all free all the time .
oh yes , m&o statewide has been cut by 24 % over the last couple years .
so there 's that too .
you know on how christians believe that god made everyone he was probably drunk when he made siamese twins
good morning to all the new gabbers except kikes liberals fags leftists communists boomers zionists israel firstitards antifags spics and niggers because
typical canadian mindlessness , let 's tax ourselves more !
that 's the answer .
when my son started giving my shit about all my racist puns i told him to pakis bags
> remember him from r / christianity getting downvoted in everything he says .
it could be his attitude and even if not , his message .
a lot of people do n't like sins being pointed out .
what kind of chinaman speak french i mean gotdam
all those women look like slithering snakes , along with some of those men .
they have zero wisdom and do not have any respect for the almighty god whom they will all kneel before ! ! !
@devinsenaui which one of the versions of the bible are you talking about ?
also , you 're a moron .
send us troops back home send them get out occupants
i 'm fucked up , homie you fucked up but we gon na be aight ! !
< user > ‍ actually the first christians were jews therefore being called a jew actually means rejecting christ and today jews are not the hebrews of the bible they are the synagogue of satan an international criminal mobster cabal
< user > < user > released terrorists that went back and joined jihadist fights against america that makes him more of a terrorist supremacist than what you shared makes < user > a white supremacist
i need feminism because it justifies my choice not to marry and lead a family it also allows me easy access to porn and prostitutes i can also signal my superiority to christians by supporting gay marriage transgender nudity and late term abortion
the lord is a man of war the lord is his name if you know jesus then you know the father christianity is not some bitch made religion frankly heretics like you deserve condemnation too
& # 8220;@m_rad : i 'm going to miss these bitches so much & # 128557 ; http://t.co/lupoqat2r9&#8221 ; far right she resting on ol girl booty y' all funny as shit
your questions are more interesting than mine .
just a theory , but i believe that god so loves the world and so badly wants even the wicked to be saved that he sends the holy spirit to work on them .
but suppose the holy spirit succeeds only so far as having the wicked man turn good , without acknowledging christ or the sacraments .
is that enough ?
jesus said " i am the way . . .
no one comes to the father but through me , " which i take to mean that one must acknowledge christ as his savior .
jesus was a pedophile .
his disciples were only twelve .
let 's hope that they will wake - up .
i got very slim hope for ontario .
toronto is getting too big ....
sidra bfd slap urself u smelly bitch what the fuc bro why u likin my boyfriends picture for on instagram inni
facebook messenger ’s ai “ m ” suggests features to use based on your convos https://t.co/tjzyc7r7uq # connectx
baloney , at least to a point .
it is subtraction , not addition , at work .
kids with are rejecting a straw - man christianity , a sick parody mass , and a trite caricature of christ .
the flimsiest and stupidest arguments for atheism or ( sometimes ) megachurch jive - protestantism pull them away when they 're old enough to be exposed to them , because they do n't know what the church believes let alone why it believes what it does .
faith without reason is stupid and flimsy and bad , sentimentalist , unchallenging reason - free catechesis ( e.g. c.c.d. programs ) leaves the youth defenseless .
it 's the same as it was 20 - 30 years ago and often with the same people in charge .
but one could also say that faith is n't being " caught " from our liturgical prayer in most places .
and conversely the " reform of the reform"--offering , at long last , the ordinary form in the way vatican ii actually specified -- so opposed by many of the blue - hairs has a marked tendency to make disciples out of mere cultural catholics .
> why was some parts of the bible written ?
because my early iron age , nomadic , sheepfucking ancestors did n't have the internet and porn to keep them entertained .
so , they had to find something else to do .
and , they were probably dehydrated out in the desert and may have been hallucinating .
so , they mixed in an unhealthy dose of old myths and total garbage and bad morals shook well , cooked , and served .
a better question would be why anyone in the modern age still believes this shit .
i 'd drill her balls deep , i guess she can handle that ?
👅
hey emily you are gay lol tea
still avoiding the question .
no - you are not right .
debate about abortion is fine when it is rational and compassionate .
under those terms solutions may actually be found .
our societal problems do need to be addressed and discussed , but what you and other " holier than thou "   one - issue obsessed catholics do concerning abortion is not argument- it is bullying and demonizing the pathetic women who find themselves in a crisis situation .
it 's not christian behavior towards those we need to have compassion for .
there is no " pro - abortion " stance .
no woman could possibly want to have an abortion !
as soon as your nasty inflammatory language comes out - you lose any pretense of rational debate .
you just end up looking like sadistic , sexist , insecure , schoolyard bullies .
christianity has it 's retards as well : https://t.co/xoethwzb9b
no homo we smokin penises
and i forgot to link the # bulletjournal official website during my linking inserting .
off to do that now . #
bloggersproblems # sleepybloggers
this entire shitty , violence - filled country is doused in the blood of over 100 million native americans who were slaughtered by dominionist christopher columbus .
dominionism and capitalism go together like peas in a pod .
the treasury prints them at the bureau of engraving .
fascinating tour .
even better than the wonder bread bakery tour .
check it out before you have a catastrophic disease or injury .
what 's the difference between acne and a catholic priest ?
acne will wait until you 're a teenager before it comes in your face .
no problem , as a surprisingly light skinned mixed person i have a soft spot for others like me since i did n't see anyone who was mixed and as light as me until i was a teenager .
one of my friends just had a daughter with a complexion close to mine , they say they would have been shocked by her skin tone if they had n't known me and joke and say she 's my mini - me .
how rolling stones tried to drive an agenda , disregarding the truth
do you know how christians practice safe sex ?
they paint red xs on the mules that kick too hard .
rip nehlen he may be married to a beaner and a christcuck but at least he aiming in the right direction
i 'm all for that , as long as we ban christianity and all other sky fairy daddy religions too .
segment 2 : 
 in 1219 , during the 5th crusade , francis of assisi met with sultan al - kamil .
since then , the franciscans were welcomed and have been ministering as custodians of the holy land .
in apostasy or ignorance , the archbishop says that despite his " long list of concerns with the content of islam , " he admired muslim women who proudly wear the hijab , which in spite of being a woman 's sign of submission , he considers a voluntary act , suggesting that catholics could learn from that as they seek to " recover their own sense of distinction from the surrounding secular meltdown . "
women can wear scarves or mantillas .
what should men have to don ?
+ chaput declares that " ' a smaller , lighter church ' of fewer but holier believers is preferable to one that promotes inclusion at the expense of traditional orthodoxy . "
jesus never did nor will jesus ever say that .
" make me an instrument of your peace .
where there is ignorance , let me sow truth , where there is hatred , love . "
paz y bien , rolando , ofs .
good point .
the men should be selective too .
it 's too much to sort through , you know ?
like leave some pussy for brother , because if you all just go after each and every one of us , he 'll get lost in the storm .
new bro code : stop spamming women on tinder and focus on the women you actually like !
doing that is like some kind of tinder wing man code , because your bros have a better chance when the odds are in their favor .
ya dead ass hate women like go fuck ya home boys in the ass already 🤦 🏾‍ ♀ ️
if there was a god , each and every one of those televangelist fucks would be turned to a pillar of salt , on air .
the prosperity fucks would turn to fire , screaming , then ashes .
muslims do a better exercise than this 5 times a day for free .
no need to pay a doctor and plus you earn points from the creator of the universe allah who will put points toward your real retirement account . (
life after death ) which profit is eternal .
be smart invest in an eternal future not in this greedy banks .
👍 😀
fellas would you fuck a bitch with no arms
has being an incel ever lost you an argument elsewhere on reddit when they look up your posting history ?
> and you ass rapists , violating human rights , incest , stone gay people to death , still believe in that stupid islam thing .
god does n't exists wake up u fool .
hanging people etc etc indians owned le epic style 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
u have to be on my dick to be mine
you clicked on it , broflake .
no problem , as a surprisingly light skinned mixed person i have a soft spot for others like me since i did n't see anyone who was mixed and as light as me until i was a teenager .
one of my friends just had a daughter with a complexion close to mine , they say they would have been shocked by her skin tone if they had n't known me and joke and say she 's my mini - me .
better bomb the shit out of them then .
to kill time recently i 've taken to standing in christian family book shops dressed as jesus pretending i 'm there for a book signing .
this is why niggas like that get away with shit u missed the whole fucking point he raped a woman so them telling other women to warn them that s wrong tf shit really irks me
i do n't see the problem with this .
the billionaires are the only people that the liberals ca n't just steal money from so they have to entertain and beg .
how else will they make make ends meet other than stealing and wasting even more of our money .
the organisation that vandniya laxmibai kelkar envisaged for ladies keeping in view indian culture and social milieu , not only enhanced their natural virtues but established them as a source of limitless energy too . #
laxmibaikelkar url
[ politicians are supposed to listen to their constituents . ]
did i state to the otherwise , ie .
is that a straw man i see erected there ?
perhaps i was n't clear enough but the point was not about accountability but lying about " getting it wrong the first time . "
if they 're going to change their position because of fear of losing their job do n't give us this blatant baloney .
and us supporting such baloney only justifies typical political two - faced ( or three - faced or four ... ) lying .
really hate when people come around me in a bad ass mood .
like remove yourself .
we definitely need more gay pigs to help normalisation 😂 🤣 🥓 url
because e should have bee asians and f should have been all the above
why are libtards bitching and moaning that washington redskins logo is derogatory demeaning i have not heard a single fellow greek bitch and moan about michigan using our spartans for their logo or a single condom bitching and moaning about usc using the name trojan for theirs 😏
@gangavarapufame @noconversion @pontifex 👍 🏽 somebody has to accept the venomous hate .
u - jesus i killed , raped and fought all for you and in your name .
god- you psychopathic moron you killed me and all other good in the world .
burn him till eternity .
if a girl has courage to have sex , then she must have the courage to have a baby and brought the baby up ..... girls these days have lustful mind at a young age and usually end up being depressed due to pregnancy ..... when a girl is pregnant at the right time after marriage it is truly beautiful but due to lust young girls often abort innocent babies ...... #fyi where is ur humanity ..... 😔 ✌
maybe they 're so far into lies that it 's hard for them to comprehend the truth as it may be coming to them too much .
this is gross they are evil and needs to be shut down .
this shows what they are really about it 's occult junk .
jesus has his hand against abortion and he will win .
i love alt j but i think it ’ homophobic for a white man to make me listen to alt j
< user > one of many i d say as the great philosopher jay z observed < number > problems but a bitch ain t one
i would love to fuck her and watch her get fucked
what 's the difference between a priest and a zit ?
a zit wait til your < number > to come on your face
i do not know it does not matter anyway i only have < money > but i would jump into a sewer before i swam in a pool or anything with a nigger i mean wtf are ppl thinking 🙄
not bad law
< user > < user > released terrorists that went back and joined jihadist fights against america that makes him more of a terrorist supremacist than what you shared makes < user > a white supremacist
you can not compare miscegenation with same - sex unions .
marriage between couples of different races , man and woman , can not possibly be compared to the parody of marriage which takes place between people of the same sex .
the civil law may have forbidden interracial marriages between a man and a woman , god , however , does not .
to equate african - americans with active homosexuals is disgraceful , it is actually worse than racial discrimination as it implies that they are in a similar spiritual state .
i 'm not an african - american , i am english but were i an orthodox , african - american , catholic , i would be appalled that the liberal intelligentsia considered me to be even remotely similar to an active homosexual .
african - americans unfortunately may well suffer discrimination because of their race or colour but not because their being african - american was intrinsically immoral .
so if anyone is baptized a christian , and if they commit violent crimes that have zero to do with christian polemics , the cause of their crime is christianity ?
and if a muslim kills people while shouting allahu akbar , and leaves a note citing his belief in what the qaran says about his duty in killing the infidel ,   islam had nothing to do with his terrorist act ?
get serious kurgan .
fellas would you fuck a bitch with no arms
rt @screvvy : dear fucking lord what even is minecraft youtube https://t.co/twniip22xc
soros shill craniums will be a - poppin ' over this one : 

 https://theintercept.com/2017/03/16/key-democratic-officials-now-warning-base-not-to-expect-evidence-of-trumprussia-collusion/ 
 .
id2020 is also jabbing refugees with its microchip vaccinations through two inaugural pilot programs known as irespond and everest
never mind that the sources cited are thoroughly biased ...
hay pence , your satanic religion manufactured the crises , hay pence before you croak you will wish you were in one of your own concentration camps
its a fascist theolgical autocracy .
no one gives a shit about reproduction , they re probably gearing up to annex hawaii and alaska in a few years , then invade mexico , then canada .
they do nt even try to clean topsoil in the colonies efficiently , they re like the nazis and ca nt even use slave labor effectively .
if they need more people / slavew they ll probably take the easy path and start kidnapping them from their neighbors .
kern was joking about " triggering " people the other day .
yeahhh .
kern went full gater , big surprise .
@iglvzx
do not worry she will not die the christians are letting niggers into heaven
defend trans woc , for they get murdered an awful fucking lot .
defend trans masc folks , because they suffer from a crapton of mental health issues .
defend the sex workers and kinksters , because none of us want the christian right in our beds .
< user > it is if you are a fucking retard
if you do nt feel comfortable giving them head don ’ t have sex with them that s ghetto
hitler was a christian you retard
they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 
 they 're sacrificing al franken to try and flip alabama 

 # roymoore # alfranken
as if folks are going to click on a link to bill o'reilly ..... 'fraid not !
most of us are grownups and think for ourselves --- without his blather .
( kindest word i can use here . )
and who says we 're a " christian nation " anyway ?
i disagree with your entire angle .
( " murder has always been part of the tap root of the nation 's identity . " )
what the heck are you talking about ? ? ?
you get to expel one group of people from america 

 choose wisely
fuck you son of a bitch and birth of a filthy religion
house democrats unanimously pass ' equality act ' to protect lgbtq rights - abc news - via @abc url
yes try immigrating to saudi arabia as a christian and see how far you get .
these people need to get over themselves and see the hypocrisy .
mexico will crack down on their southern border and deport these people .
they have no choice
your boyfriend was a faggot that like to fuck little girls as i do .
but he liked niggers which made him a piece of shit and a sinner that is why god killed him .
i bet your pussy stinks too .
prob the size of a fucking mop bucket !
i love underage pussy nice and tight , unlike yours and does not stink like yours ! !
you are a whore .
you should have a threesome and make the boys fuck each other in the fart hole .
hope this helps stinky pussy .
off to get me some tiny slits ! !
wish me luck !
this is fucking doooooope rock on , my lgbt+ peeps .
<3
" redefining " marriage is a hoax which certain catholic bishops , " catholic evangelicals " ( like mike pence ) and a variety of " strict constructionists " have tried to perpetrate all over the usa .
you have bought squarely into that faux argument .
that 's more than sufficient to warrant calling such individuals " homophobes , " because that is exactly what they are !
really ?
my goodness !
i would think words like anglican church and catholic church would be far more offensive than a star trek reference .
oh well .
what does someone 's weight , particularly someone who is n't in the race for president , have to do with an election ?
trump himself is overweight and has a fast food addiction that is clogging his arteries .
he is a cardiac arrest waiting to happen .
he needs to get his own house in order before running his mouth about others .
# np @projectpathcp chickenhead # damnshame i literally ca nt remember my cell number but know this word for word still # classic # legendary
< user > just in time for columbus day judge rules that white people can enter any property claim it is theirs and kill the inhabitants
countries like this should be eradicated
i tell people that i only wear animals i do n't like .
i guess jesus started to come back the same time we started burning fossil fuels .
@xo_renarda lmao niggas living life on the edge fr
yeah you better show alittle more than what islam promotes and does do nt see hordes of jews burning christians and preforming honor killings
all the more welcome for being long , long overdue .
canadian singles are the victims of the rhetoric of " hard - working families " ( subtext : all singles live lives of uninterrupted frivolity ) our politicians use as a substitute for thought .
our cultural industry does n't like changes unless you bring more taxpayer dollars to give them and they do n't have to be accountable .
maybe times are a changing and these folks will have to survive in a global economy like the taxpayers who feed them .
the first step in any cultural industry discussions should be about shutting down the cbc .
unfortunately the revenues the libs are banking on are over - estimates since drivers already had to pay g / hst ...
this looks like an arab slave market with newly abductded european women for sale
" " " going into the second half of the season , it ’s pointless to keep skewering the show for its clashing story points . " "
is n't that your job ? "
< user > < user > it at my house but you can pull it out of my dead white girl wasted hands
since < time > na syempre parehas naman maingay maya < number > points sa lahat ng auradon students love you guys have a great night
i 've gotten where i really do n't like pro sports of any type but the pomp and circumstance surrounding american football is just ridiculus .
another surprising reason to # remin in the eu : the uk is more equal than most other nations in respect of diversity . #
stopbrexit # votelibdem url
y'all are weird .
a nigga can keep his finger nails clean & y' all will be down my timeline calling him gay for it .
url
ugh , trying to connect with @comcast about sending technician out to change wifi box & amp ; their phone tree keeps hanging up on me # fail
gt raped by light < user > < user >
what a kill joy .
this man is n't a christian , he 's a grinch .
international conference on open and innovative education ( icoie 2017 ) https://t.co/vlxyy2dxvt https://t.co/j7ecs4vg12
when you forget who you were , you have no idea who you are .
good wipe those dumb hick christians out
so edgy @thecolouredkid _ i 'm no sexist i 'm just a realist and ca n't make sense of some of the shit we do as a society
< user > < user > jews actually are the most over represented
you should go watch those videos of white people getting detained in open carry states for legally open carrying in full accordance with the laws .
the real xavier rynne ( francis x murphy ) died in 2002 .
that s great to hear .
go latin america !
if only we could stop famous people from saying stupid shit we could end another major disease .
[ classic ] guy asks out 1000 girls and gets rejected by all of them , comments are full of people shitting on op
morality and business dealings are not mutually exclusive .
" it is time for the bishops to commission a reputable survey to determine what percent of their priests are gay .
they should also do a survey to determine the reaction of their flock to the reality of gay priests . "
yes .
yes .
it is long since past time for bishops to face reality and learn how to deal with it .
this pretense that all priests are heterosexual and never have sex is just ridiculous .
equally ridiculous is the idea that catholics are united in the way the bishops and the vatican treat lgbtqi people , whether they are priests or not .
bishops need to know how much what they do is supported and not supported .
in this day and age , it matters - we do not live in an age of authoritarian " divine right " rulers - and that includes bishops .
more , though , bishops need to listen to the heart of the people of faith - the holy spirit speaks in those hearts , too .
they also have to learn to be brave and not cave to loud mouthed bigots .
bishops - listen and learn .
hotels and cab drivers do not have rights to the way people travel .
they can , however , cozy up to the government and get laws passed to favor them .
if people are being served well by the customer review system , why add extra beurocracy ?
you can become rich without looks 
 become pro at a video game and stream ( qtpie ) 

 learn economics and start a business ( risky but you pretty much control chad and stacy ) .
“ if liberty means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear . ”
― george orwell
this is why you should never trust someone who claims to be both a christian and patriot
@ali delon love turkey and brave turks from indian muslim !
in shaa allah we will rise again !
the computer models are garbage .
look at what they predicted in the 70 's , global cooling .
the point is science is not based on majority opinion .
looks like you are the one watching reality tv !
as of august , china owned $ 1.185 trillion in u.s. treasuries .
that 's about 30 % of the chunk of u.s. public debt that 's held by foreign countries .
the rest of the $ 19.5 trillion debt is owned by either the american people or by the u.s. government itself .
we need them to buy some of our government debt , since we 're not going to cut spending .
but they need us too , to buy their junk .
masses of their people live in poverty and their economy depends on selling exported goods .
we 're not their only market , of course .
its the un girl in interested in in declared rape as a tool of war < number > million white kids raped by paki muslims is pakistan secretly at war with the uk since we partitioned india eh i think yes
learning to appropriately communicate your feelings and bond well with your children are life and social skills .
most prison / jail time currently is about sitting around bored and listless , so if you feel so strongly about this , maybe you should volunteer to tutor prisoners , or teach a class , or start a program , rather than snarking on people who are actually doing something positive and enriching .
the prisoners have plenty of hours in the day to fill .
this is not your girl you fucking retard .
you 've posted this bullshit into at least six subs trying to convince people this is your girl when the odds are she does n't even know you 're alive .
you made a bit of an error trying to call me a keyboard warrior , dipshit .
i 'll happily point this out in every sub you shit your stupid into .
< user > < user > you retards elected and started worshiping the antichrist god sent a plague repent asshole
also , fuck gita , fuck pali canon , fuck bible , fuck koran , fuck all ' holy ' scriptures .
nothing should be held sacred .
as a wise man once said , believe nothing no matter where you read it or who has said it , even if i 've said it , unless it agrees with your own reason & common sense url
the african girl wants to make sure the white boy 🍆 works before getting into a marriage she smart lol 😂 did she see timothy story 😂 😂 😂 90 day fiance 9 0 dayfiancebefore90 days
where is tesla going to get 500,000 batteries for his vehicles not to mention the lithium for them ?
quality control will also be a factor .
funny thing is : most of the populist movements in europe are headed or supported by catholics .
i guess the pope does n't want to mingle with and smell like his sheep .
hypocritical ?
yes .
you dudes need to boss up i am tired of women saying niggas ain t shit
zionist christians have my dad brainwashed and like i said if he keeps it up i 'll disown him because i have a deep hatred for jews because how they lied about my fuher
i just got raped by my priest again for the first time in 20 years yesterday .
turns out , he frequents the same pub where i just had my first beer .
bangladesh awami league wishes everyone around the world a very happy , blessed and prosperous # eidulfitr # eidmubarak url
" blaine : * begins singing " " misery " " * kurt : * how about fucking no * "
there 's a reason islam breeds the most violent degeneracy in the modern world .
the religion is trash and needs to die , just like every other religion , but islam especially .
highlight of my day being shouted at by some randoms in a car for being ‘ dressed like a lesbian ’
oil india limited recruitment – security officer , accounts officer , geologist & amp ; various ( 08 vacancies ) – last date … https://t.co/hmzh3mwcz2
i confessed to the priest that i had masturbated whilst thinking of my sister . "
that 's a terrible sin , " he said , " especially as you have a gorgeous younger brother . "
" @cutestzubat her mask blushes more for the booping . " "
y - yes ma'am !
i ca nt wait to feel all your eggs inside my womb!~ " " "
god of israel is a faggot he a joke
you know a slut for me but morally not loose as fuck ?
does that exist god ?
or does the body count come with the professionalism of sex ?
it 's just 1:44 & i wanted to kick my shit to you .
in jesus name i pray of these things amen .
oregon created the housing problem with the ill planned restrictions on development and growth boundaries .
when you have a limited area for housing the price goes up and out of reach for the working class .
rents go up due to the shortage .
the gov .
created the problem but are not willing to solve it .
think of it this way .
give every person in the state of oregon a half acre of land you will still have land left over .
bitch you better praise god or imma shoot and that 's on god i ai n't playin bout my lord and savior i 'm on my job if you ai n't a christian imma stab you in the face
i am not your devil you are zealots and nazis burn the christian air force
please stop asking for pics when people say they 're subhuman 
 the doxxing risk is very real , and everyone knows that admins will let it happen to us .
people are making an interesting case irt libel and some things gg is saying about oapi , but honestly , my dance card is already full .
what s the difference between a painting of jesus and jesus himself ?
you only need one nail for the painting .
who shot john lookin ass hoe
what about the refugees that lick the cocoa beans .
nj recognized gaps in current federal law , but in more than 30 states , lgbtq individuals can still be fired from their jobs , or evicted from their homes , because of who they are .
the equality act brings federal law into alignment with what we 've done in nj .
proud to vote yes 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 url
< user > his father is the most powerful man on the planet and i doubt young barron even cares or is even aware some dyke from snl slammed him you are crying murder over a papercut
fuck with these people , mr .
president , then invite them right into your motherfucking living room?brilliant!2019 the year of radicalized immigrants in america.https://t.co/pjntpkseby
need jokes started asking " is it gay " jokes at work that actually make you ponder .
is it gay to go back in time and jerk yourself off ?
help me out guys i need more
lmao i thought they already did this on the history channel look goys jesus wasn t a white guy with blonde hair but a sand nigger mexican
u are so shit in the name of the lord i would take this hard ass boot off the ground and throw it at u and leave a big fat ass knot on ur fuckin forehead @sneakytweeet
i do nt even want her on the same planet as dr ben carson she symbolizes everything he is not a low life ghetto queen
new year is 2018 over already ? ?
hey wait man i 've got some backlogs .
any company from any state can enter our alaska market .
however , the insurance company 's financial health , premiums , and policies are subject to approval by the alaska division of insurance .
that 's a fact .
to state the obvious again , premera is a washington based company .
premera is already " selling across state lines " .
how is this not clear ?
the problem is that the alaska individual market is small , has very high medical costs , and has more than it 's share of sick people .
the higher the premiums go , the more healthy people choose to take the high stakes gamble of going without insurance and pay the trivial penalty .
those in the middle of a high cost medical treatment certainly are n't going to drop their insurance , if they can pay their premium somehow .
so premiums go yet higher , and the problem compounds itself .
losing healthy people with premium subsidies from the risk pool is not going to improve our situation .
kiske to kick someone gay old for a gay little ass
pussy fag
they never seem to tire of hiding the good news , do they ?
" i feel for him every time we eat mexican out here&#128514 ; it kills me every time i tell him " " let 's move back n get 24th & amp ; mission " " "
< user > bitch i m screaming at the top of my lungs 😩
donald tump is gay with his son eric tump
creepy guy at work who does not know me : : smile !
me : : ( not frowning .
not smiling .
just being . )
guy : : come on .
smile .
smile !
me : : ( starting to frown , but finally passing the creep in the hallway . )
this does n't just happen to me - he does this to all women at work , whether he knows them or not .
daily .
makes me feel pissed / powerless .
< user > gobble propaganda where were you when hindu women were raped your friends
even though here is a far distance away from the east our hearts are in the one and same roundness ( verse no .
77 )
you are , once again , showing that your empathy is essentially nil .
my wife is slowly getting weaker and weaker , from an incurable disease , and you say " jesus has sanctified it " .
not a word of compassion -- just like you had no compassion for those who have been bullied ( coupled with no condemnation for those who bully ) -- just od - inspired blathering .
anyone got that recent study showing no gap in tech wages ?
last summer i found out that all of my family were apart of the confederate army so i felt guilty because i was doing them a disservice i felt like it and never again i 'm taking a stand and will show my southern heritage with pride
what , a blogger whose main work involves [ doxxing jewish individuals so they can get beaten up by the proud boys because they followed a " verified antifa account " on twitter](url - right - antifa - death - threats - doxxing - quillette - a8966176.html ) and making up lies about black people and muslims ?
let me ask you this : if a blogger walked up to you , waved a camera in your face in order to try shit , and you * knew * he 'd try and get fascist gangs to beat you up if he managed to be able to identify you in any way , would you not be justified in beating him up ?
is self - defence suddenly immoral ?
the suspect , 35 - year - old jeremy joseph christian , has a history of making bigoted comments online and was photographed giving a nazi salute at a recent protest organized by the group behind the “ trump free speech rally . ”
haha , knew they had to try and weasel in trump here when in fact the killer hated trump and was a big bernie supporter .
http://dailycaller.com/2017/05/28/portland-killer-is-an-anti-circumcision-bernie-sanders-supporter/ 

 also f this mayor .... what a moron .
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
yes great plan i agree !
let 's come up with a ridiculous scheme that 'll never happen to make it seem like we are not knuckle dragging bigot - o 's !
ya , that 's it !
let 's tell those slanty eyes foreigners to send us their poor people , not their rich people !
because when the poor slanty eyes come here and start renting up all the lower end apartments , and pushing up rents for all them other non - whites , no good god fearing christian white man will protest !
all the white canadians will still be able to afford houses and the poor slanty eyed foreigners can live in our slums !
ya , that 's it !
canadian houses are only for white canadians , not poor slanty eyed orientals !
burn those rich slanty eyed foreigners i say !
they do n't belong here !
powerful video that shows how primitive these beasts are .
ca n't wait to butt - fuck this bitch in # gayheaven 😈
man it must suck to suck .
have fun being a virgin for the rest of your life .
< user > < user > < user > also you may be slightly correct with black on black crime but let us bring up the fact that white people are serial killers and actually plan out thier murders and be mentally i will while doing so blacks are not known for premeditated murder
< user > there a rhyme pinch punch first day of the month this is accompanied by pinching and punching whoever it is that you are talking to they can give you a kick and a flick for being too quick or yell white rabbits at you it generally devolves into crying
this white boy was like wyd and i said i was at work i swear to god he asked me what i was wearing and said my work uniform
good morning to all the new gabbers except kikes liberals fags leftists communists boomers zionists israel firstitards antifags spics and niggers because
i always hated going to church .
all the positions : standing up , leaning down , bending over .
< repeat > i wish the priest would just pick a position and fuck me . --
jimmy carr
being judged or treated differently based on things as minor as skin color/ sexuality/ religion when at the end of the day it really dosent matter because were all humans .
also , happy cake day !
@lamaookk @wiselunatic @iankursingh @t_1000 _ _ @zomatoin pls go n hv am useful stuff ! !
u r useless rubbish only trying to demean islam , , , i respect every religion , , u r nt true to ur own religion dats why making fun of others
that is just patriarchy hurting men , hence we must tear it down .
/s
jq same as the cq or the mq to me all religious fanatics are a danger to anyone who wants to be left the fuck alone granted muzzies are the current worst but it wasn t long ago that xtians were murdering abortion doctors and dragging fags behind their trucks
man if y' all do n't shut y' all bitch asses up gotdamn url
< user > < user > it at my house but you can pull it out of my dead white girl wasted hands
the european parliament is mainly decorative .
each country would be better off without the dead weight of the eu .
in the hands of merkel and helpers , the eu is a tool to culturally neuter and replace europe with islam .
oh look a cuban canadian a holocaust liar and a casino magnate who funds the rnc and donald trump
all of it is ammunition that groups like isis and al - qaeda can use to prove their reasonings for hating us .
can you believe that some christians advocate violence against pharisees it just awful the way they persecute the peace loving frothing at the mouth mob still screaming crucify him after < number > years how are they supposed to purge the ussa like the ussr at this rate oy vey
always with the eternal godsdamned incels !
they should all be burned at the stake !
i love it when a response contains “ ignorance ” and/or “ ignorant ” .
i would be pleased to engage in a church history duel .
the church has never taught heliocentrism .
your dislike of catholic teaching does not make the statements in the catechism “ ignorant ” .
the church is growing .
it is not going to try to appeal to people by doing an “ episcopal church ” and refitting the ship of pilgrims on their voyage through life to suit your particular viewpoints .
i was waiting to see if mulan would 've been black too .
sounds to me like the american christian evangelicals have done sold there souls to the devil and worships the antichrist .... literally .
abiyma'el israel or just slaughter the disgusting things like they do to others .
make real justice be served !
like the native americans and isis are doing .
jews and vatican using the niggers to do dirty work jews used rome to kill jesus nothing new under sun fuck the vatican and the catholic church with is dead jesus on the cross the cocksuckers of tammuz pope kiss a a babies cock dirty pedo wankers
who cares ?
it is a law that protects people 's rights .
if the majority of people say it is okay to not serve black people in a store , that does not mean there should be no such law .
if the majority of people in colorado did not agree with this law , why is it in effect ?
your point is moot .
in a republic , we protect the individual 's rights .
america !
your hypothetical question is silly .
the law would apply there too .
now , show me a gay baker that would refuse to make a regular wedding cake , lol .
business 101 : do not refuse to take money from paying customers .
oh , i love the gays !
i do n't know what i 'll do without my gay boyfriend !
i really want to know where you could the best grilled cheese from & # 128553 ; it 's officially in my bucket list
ymmv but i did n't come out to most people until i was 6 - 7 months on hrt .
that just happened to feel like the right time to come out for me .
fight the ( ( ( power ) ) ) .
i saw the hypocrisy in catholicism and organized religion in general 16 years ago , and i left .
you can argue these points forever , but as long as you sit silently in the pews your message will never be heard .
get up and walk out .
there are many ways to live a true christian life outside of a sunday sermon .
this religion is concerned about numbers and contributions .
let them feel your disappointment .
lol   --   what 's that old adage about " the unexamined life is not worth living " ?
dp : could you please clarify ?
is this a fund for immigrants or illegal aliens ?
in past articles you have conflated the two groups .
those are two entirely different cohorts .
... shoe taxes for every pair of shoes , lil license plates for everything ... sounds like a winner ! !
how do you get a nun to have sex ?
dress her up as an altar boy .
< user > single religion in the floor of allah is islam search
my gay friend gave me a hundred quid for a picture of my dick i regret my decision every day now spanish prosecutors are looking for me because i did not pay tax on the image rights
i m like a crotchety old person trapped in the body of a fed up mom trapped in the body of an angry child trapped in the body of a 19 yr old
ghetto niggers know ghetto nigger stuff what can i say other than war is not ghetto nigger nonsense grow up lil guy your stupid is showing
white people complain about homophobia in the middle east just to fuel their islamophobia they literally don ’ t give a shit about gay arabs
rt @ogsitti : side hoe : hey , this is my boyfriend 

 me : http://t.co/on9hex5l4 t
geez how dare this straight white male want to be involved in his community try to make a difference when there are actual genderfluid trans am quad demisphere poc willing to bitch about how they are not given enough
i guess jt can use his newfound coziness with china to convince them to start cutting their emissions .
he can give them an elbow to get them moving .
please stop with all of the karma / negative comments .
there 's a bigger issue here than the person that was targeted .
thanks for a fact - based , reality - based comment .
what a good slut .
brain off .
i agree some people in america do not know the truths about this political system of sharia law i do not want that in america i will not accept such savagry on women and children
aaron clarey is now the entire men 's rights movement ?
married priests are a no brainer , these men are already educated , ordained and ready to go .
the deranged hierarchs that run the catholic church are amazing ..... if you rape dozens of 8 year old kids you can say mass for the rest of your life ..... if you marry a woman you are banned from celebrating the eucharist .
how many more parishes will have to be closed before the laity stand up to these ignorant leaders .
geez how dare this straight white male want to be involved in his community try to make a difference when there are actual genderfluid trans am quad demisphere poc willing to bitch about how they are not given enough
walking into gma 's house and she was blasting luther vandross from pandora on her ipad to her bluetooth speakers in the kitchen .
i took my black powder < number > cal muzzie loader out to the road mounted on the scope i can even use rocks when i run out of lead great gun except in the rain
my dog literally got out of my backyard , and got hit by a car .
they did n't even fucking stop .
who the fuck does that
hmmmm , shoplifting in ching chong china town ?
with 20 american bucks you can buy the whole open market , and pay their rent too !
bad move dr. dre !
lol !
@senatemajldr you are an absolute disgrace and traitor to america and what we stand for .
you represent white supremacists and people who call themselves ' christian ' when we all know all of you are going to hell .
you are the ultimate betrayer . #
judas
this guy is spamming copypasta of /u / autisticsubuman on unrelated posts on unrelated subteddits
it is a fictional story about a mudshark vanessa her absent black husband obi o konkwo and her rogue piccaninny child jiglet it is based on real life events and characters written in the style of the janet and john books of the 6 0
i just assumed you were my nurse .
welcome to mcdonald 's i ' m james comey , how can i help you ?
grab the popcorn , folks , this gong show is going to be yuuuge ... 
 " chief strategist steve bannon out at white house : ‘ get ready for bannon the barbarian ’ " 
 http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/08/18/chief-strategist-steve-bannon-out-at-white-house-get-ready-for-bannon-the-barbarian/
three nuns are sitting on a park bench .
a man walks up to them and exposes himself .
two of them have a stroke , but the other one could n’t reach .
am i the only one who hasn ’ t tried white claws lmao
@mangalalk lol as if even if u wtite vatican would gv a shit about it .. it was cardinal who saved this country from a blood bath after 21/4 attacks and its now u and the government trying soo hard to ignite it . #
eastersundayattackssl # vatican
do you think if there are more men in education i.e teaching , there would be increase in quality of education in our country ?
i 'm proud to be a bisexual bearded baking brain scientist .
i feel fortunate to be able to express all these aspects of my identity , and will continue to work toward ensuring the same freedom for others . #
pridemonth # prideturban # loveislove url
i 'm happy that i get to see b but i 'm not overly excited .
it 'll be good to catch up but in the back of my mind i know i 've moved on .
remember christ tried to save the jews and the bastards killed him because he challenged their corrupt authority over what was supposed to be god people god foresaked the jews via christ even god is sick and tired of jews
it illegal to compel a gay baker to bake a cake with a pro marriage message it illegal for a christian baker to be willing to serve gays but not be willing to bake a wedding cake for them tom trinko sjwlogic
what kind of chinaman speak french i mean gotdam
hey emily you are gay lol tea
my parents are horrible abusers 
 everything i do is wrong and they keep breaking me down .
lw1 - of course you get to decide , you are the parents .
please rethink mil 's offer ; day - care is not the paradise you imagine .
mil will love your child ; no one at day - care will - the turnover is high , the ratio of babies to overworked caregivers is 8 - 1 in many places , other kids come in sick , lots of noise .
i urge you , if you are not going to be mothering baby during the day , to see if you can get mil to follow your rules .
her child grew up to be your husband and the father of your baby so she must have done something right .
p.s. do n't push grandmother away .
baby needs her , even if you do n't .
disregard all the science that says there are only two genders ; looks like you 're just fucked in the head .
i hope the bond committee is listening .
the benson community can not keep getting brushed off the bond .
< user > perhaps they could learn how arabs enslaved the africans
body please abort in the land of these endless motherfuckers and god damn fucking catholics please occ witch hunt
wait , so that would be like a succubus with polar opposite motives .
she literally feeds off of semen and has the appearance but reads the bible consistently and falls in line with catholicism ?
my comment was rejected for telling the truth----so much for free speech 
 18000 new welfare cases added for the canadian tax payers to pay for
the republican efforts to get their own magic negro into the presidency was an attempt to recreate a kinder friendlier version of obama they could lead him by the nose on foreign policy while keeping economic policy status quo and getting less racial tension libs were right uncle tom
you dudes need to boss up i am tired of women saying niggas ain t shit
yes i have noticed this too where i live .
christians should firstly stop their ego - centric , competitive & supremacist conversion programmes all over the world , christians should stop causing division & hatred by saying that only their god is the true god and only their prophet is the true prophet and only their holy book is the word of god and that only christians will go to heaven after death and all the non - christians will only go to hell .
christians should stop converting & thereby destroying other non - christian native religions / cultures & traditions world - over .
if christians sincerely stop doing all the above - mentioned things then the world by itself will become a much more happy & peaceful place to live in for all .
love the idea that feminism has corrupted women into hating the thought of being a housewife when like half the dykes i know can not shut up about one day living on a farm with their gf
what 's the difference between a catholic priest and a pedophile ?
nothing , the two are synonymous .
not a very impressive man , think montreal could do much better .
i always like to ask this question , would i want that person over for dinner , if so where would i seat them ?
mayor caldwell is so desperate that he 's now resorting to advertising to the seniors that he supports social security and medicare .
that 's plain propaganda deceit .
how can we elect a mayor who does not know the difference between honolulu hale kuleana and the united states congress ?
if hillary thinks it will benefit her in any way , ( campaign contributions , votes , book deals ) she will say it .
she will say anything to stay in a position to peddle influence for her own benefit   i no longer have a party , can not afford to give campaign contributions so i am not represented .
i only want to do honest work , and help those i can along the way .
maybe robert reich will be patriotic and run in 2020 .
if he ca n't help i will consider this cause hopeless .
please @netflix @netflixnl help us to keep the dream alive and give # batb beauty and the beast a new home ! #
netflixsavebatb
lots of inuendo and speculation without any basis in facts .
let me get this straight ; people go to an area of the world where there are hurricanes .
they purposely put themselves in danger and then criticize when the government ca n't help them out more efficiently because most of the areas are destroyed or damaged .
mmm , maybe i should go on vacation to syria and then scream for help because i deserve it .
< user > single religion in the floor of allah is islam search
a priest , a monk , and a prophet were on the plane .
< repeat > .
< repeat > hey were with a group of school children .
the plane met with an accident in the air and was about to crash .
the monk ran to them with < number > parachutes .
monk : grab < allcaps > the < allcaps > parachutes < allcaps > cmon !
< allcaps > prophet : wait !
< allcaps > what < allcaps > about < allcaps > the < allcaps > kids ?
< allcaps > monk : fuck < allcaps > the < allcaps > kids < allcaps > priest : now ?
girls will never admit they are jealous or they saw something that ruin their day , they just start getting cold & all of their messages has only 2 - 3 words
what 's the size of a priest 's bed ?
come on , every kid should know this .
i kinda reallllllly want a magnetic implant in my fingertip now .
wow , conservatives are really angry and bitter over these super strong women .
their whining and pain is immense and i love it .
can someone lurk the mainstream media to see if they are blaming russian arsonists for the clinton fire ?
i listened , still does n't justify it .
nothing justifies racism
um but you do realize that jesus was a kike and that christianity was originally another like cult right
hillary to degenerate one dyke to another
plus one major factor for many , which is the amount of time spent commuting !
if it 's on average 2 hours per day , reducing that to 1/2 hour by living closer to work is an net gain of 90 minutes that can be used for leisure , hobbies , or some badly needed extra sleep !
lengthy commutes add stress and gobble up hours out of one 's life forever !
it 's the statues that represent revisionist history .
the idea that the south was fighting a noble war against northern oppression and even that lee was a good general arose long after the war .
the statues memorialize nothing but southern fantasies about their war of oppression .
so do n't .
trudeau continues to give the impression that the rule of law is only a guideline in his " post national " state .
so if canada is a post - national state it means that borders are irrelevant .
does he think canadians really agree with this ?
cis - ally here .
obviously , i would never , ever clock anyone if they do n't exactly " pass " by society standards .
but i do like to go out of my way to offer a sincere compliment on their outfit , purse , hair , etc .
i 've always received a big smile in return and hopefully i brightened their day . (
of course i compliment random cis people too but it has a little more pride love to my trans bros and sisters . )
because e should have bee asians and f should have been all the above
i am quite sure that i have been paying them .
really i have seen men come together that we are atheist buddast odinist christian hell even morman for one cause survival religion and beliefs go out the window in a fox hole buddy so blow that retarded shit up some one else skirt
i agree , as i posted above , neither hillary or trump will garner much more than 40 % of the vote this election .
hey fakename bob .. while you are busy screaming like banshee on sharia law , your hate towards islam , muslim, ... your government will be implementing noahide law ... if implemented , you and your tribe will be terminated ..... muslims let his banshee bob screams till his heart content ... ignore him ...
tremeaker gilbert wanna know what 's racist ?
majority of babies aborted are minorities .
what 's white , black , and red all over two nun 's in a chainsaw fight .
" do you know how to kill two birds with one stone ? " ,
i said . "
how ? " ,
asked my pregnant mistress sitting on the 15th floor window of our hotel .
more froth from the lips of a man who truly believes he knows everything ... and continues to bore us with his politically correct generalizations
the hollywood ziojesuit multi cultural marxist scum uses africans their ghetto music homosexuals and other people of color to brainwash and normalize whites christians to their great replacement and genocide sick
um but you do realize that jesus was a kike and that christianity was originally another like cult right
holy shit the governor of new york is a gay black jewish muslim
< user > ‍ actually the first christians were jews therefore being called a jew actually means rejecting christ and today jews are not the hebrews of the bible they are the synagogue of satan an international criminal mobster cabal
remember christ tried to save the jews and the bastards killed him because he challenged their corrupt authority over what was supposed to be god people god foresaked the jews via christ even god is sick and tired of jews
children advert , so think of this as a complete loss of any chance of a future for over 2.5 million children
suck suck away
the walton family will get a $ 52 billion a year tax break .
no ones lying but you .
what 's the priest favourite candie loli(pop )
so , using the logic that only 7,145 people voted for the ban and it really should n't count because of the low number , we should make last years city council elections null and void because the winners in those races received even less votes .
if you really believe that if more people voted then the fireworks ban would not have passed then shame on them for not voting .
< user > barack hussein obama the first muslim president of the usa is almost gone this will end soon
" eight years ago , when barack obama was elected , a lot of people were n’t happy but for the most part they moved forward to give the man a chance . "
donna , is this with the fact that hate groups in the u.s grew at an alarming rate after that election , in mind or without ?
and , is this with the meeting of top gop'rs at the caucus house restaurant in d.c. to plot to obstruct the new ( black ) president at every turn , on inauguration day 2009 , in mind or without ?
i 'm sorry that guy was a jerk to you , but do you not see a disconnect as a christian in supporting someone who brags about grabbing women by their privates ?
this is not to mention every other demagogic , xenophobic , and otherwise horrible un - christian things trump said during the campaign , and continues to this day .
or are you one who just blames media i.e. kill the messenger and does n't believe a word of it ?
https://www.splcenter.org/ 

 http://www.vanityfair.com/culture/2012/03/the-conspiracy-to-commit-legislative-constipation
at the age of 8 , i had a 9 inch penis shoved down my throat by a priest
imagine being so disconnected that you d think a dickies work shirt and some black pants are comparable to a fur suit imagine crying about optics while writing for a site that screams nigger in every title like a < number > year old on xbox love who d just found 4 chan
" i know people say " " do n't move out at 18 " " but i honestly ca n't fucking wait to move out . "
i suspect beyak is correct that there were decent and caring people involved in the residential school program , and probably there were students who did benefit from it .
and one might be able to find examples of nazis who were not malevolent , and dog and cat meat would provide a means of nutrition as well as correct the problem with strays .... 

 but the overall narrative of the residential school program was its intent of cultural assimilation and there were far too many instances of neglect and malevolent abuse .
beyak may be technically correct , but is blatantly politically naive .
we want to appreciate many great ideas about # streetresilience shared @sascu @bwb_resilience @crouganda @juconiecuador @cwishnepal
just broke my phone screen at the gym 
 is it a sign that i should never go outside ?
lame niggaz wait in line , wait for bitches , wait to create , wait for someone else to do shit for them .
bluepillers say women finding only 1 % of males attractive is perfectly normal , effectively admitting hypergamy and lookism are true
< user > to be fair a few of them no doubt did come here before the us was established thomas jefferson also created the us navy to deal with the muslim barbary pirates who had been demanding huge amounts of in protection money from the colonies for years
marianne williamson talks about racism more directly than anyone else
one reason they are having so many issues is that by constantly throwing their liberal agenda slant on every story they have alienated a large portion of the population in this state .
i stopped buying the paper for that reason .
if they could just report the news with the facts and no political agenda they might not be having the problems they are now .
" look at my african american over here . "
pg , pg , potus , dt
missterrace hey kayleigh , sorry to hear this - can you dm us your order number , email address and date of birth to look into for you
i am the bad farting circle jerk starting totally retarding leader of the overpubed !
can you believe that some christians advocate violence against pharisees it just awful the way they persecute the peace loving frothing at the mouth mob still screaming crucify him after < number > years how are they supposed to purge the ussa like the ussr at this rate oy vey
shouts to all the limp bizkit and korn fans who made fun of me for listening to nigger music when i would play wu tang one of those < number > is forever and one of those < number > is for the children
bronson , i do n't think compounding a potential risk with another risk is a good justification - that 's like saying , " hey , some edible food contains trace amounts of carcinogens anyway , so let 's just pile more on there - it ca n't get any worse ! "
my analogy highlights the basic issue , which is some people just do n't want an added risk / hazard in their life , so , they 'll protest it .
i believe they have every right to do so .
i believe you are wrong in your assertion that the sioux want dapl money and that 's why they are protesting - that 's been the far - right 's disinformation in order to undermine the legitimate claims that the sioux have .
if the sioux wanted money , they would have taken the hundreds of billions in compensation for the black hills , which they did not do .
for the sioux , their stewardship of the land was more important than money .
aye bro do not you cuff that hoe cuz i done had that too
" what idiot called it " " campaigning " " instead of " " nursery " " ? "
inciting violence by retweeting dangerous and violent rhetoric is indeed repugnant i wrote my congresspeople just now to call for trump resignation have you yet resign now trump civil war 2 impeach trump pence barr impeachment impeachment now impeachment is coming
# 3   likely right on history ( especially if you 're referring to canadian . )
literature ?
lots . (
my daughter teaches it in grade 11 and 12 .
among the works kids studied this year was shirley jackson 's classic short - story , the lottery .
even i was surprised ! )
lemme get this :   " republicans / conservatives -- whose policies prey on poor whites -- than any other group .
like lemmings .
well , yeah , i guess lemmings are a " group " , but why would anybody 's policies prey on these cute little critters ?
it going to get oh so much worse for you faux patriots fake christians pushing jew degeneracy onto our people jealous whore america belongs to us now not you millennial slut bitches go marry a jew if you have not already they love aging gentile whores
holy shit i forgot how awful orlando traffic was all the time
the globe provides contemporary affirmation of thomas sowell 's brilliant characterization of   sclerotic mainstream elitism :    the vision of the anointed : self - congratulation as a basis for social policy .
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_vision_of_the_anointed
< user > just as long they are not gay muslim an undocumented immigrant transgender right
wondering why the g & m posted this piece ?
balanced reporting ?
selling papers ?
doing a google management ?
funny , you do n't bother to mention that hillary wants to murder little babies ready to be born , apparently that does n't upset you .
i thought the sanctity of human life was a cornerstone of the catholic church .
did you bother to watch the entire dinner ?
because if you did , hillary was nasty , trump did n't say anything worse that clinton .
you write an entire article slamming trump instead of writing about the butchering of little babies .
disgusting .
the african girl wants to make sure the white boy 🍆 works before getting into a marriage she smart lol 😂 did she see timothy story 😂 😂 😂 90 day fiance 9 0 dayfiancebefore90 days
shows how coopted white reps are izrael is never flooded with refugees
i hate when people are salty as fuck for no reason man & # 128514 ;
better having the prison in mililani .
would make it near the inmates family and friends .
asking   police to " leave their uniforms , weapons and vehicles behind "   is n't being unreasonable .
after all , the others are n't wearing anything .
nothing wrong with funding pride , but the arguments expose a deep racial fissure between blacks and others .
you see it on university campuses now as well .
the deep division was inevitable once the black power movements began demanding " inclusion " to mean a melting pot -- what multi - culturalism in canada had meant to avoid .
now we 're just like the u.s. , but more vulnerable because of feeling guilt .
sounds like the kinda wholsesome life i 'd die for ❤ ️ never met any black lesbians before so i guess you 're my first ever .
i 'm a thumbs up , pissed off when you ( of all over my time where rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers
stupid fucking bitch
jesus was infallible - you are not , but you try to pass lies off as fact .
if you have an opinion on the matter i defend your right to state it , but will not hesitate to call out lies when i need to .
i can see your nuclear analysis and processes and raise you one , this gets nowhere and in the end it will be the people you choose to believe and the ones i choose to believe .
thousands not billions is written by scientists just as credible as yours , only they do n't lie about conclusions - they share evidence without implying they are fact .
what does a name have to do with the truth ?
does it make it any more credible ?
i work as a technical recruiter recruiting engineers in the scientific community and talk about these things including geologists when i worked in oil and gas , am i just as credible as you are due to this fact ?
" call it what you want but over the last sixty years , the terrorism in this world has been committed by muslims ! "
and yet i 'm still more likely to die at the hands of a white , christian extremist than a muslim .
or lately , a cop .
thank you for posting your comment here .
i did learn some important facts from you and others about that part of our history , which puts this into better perspective than the pablum they feed us in the main stream media .
that 's cute .
i use cunt as a gender neutral insult .
you can be a man or a woman or whatever , i do nt give a fuck , but i will call you a cunt , just like i will call you a dick , it makes no fucking difference
nobodies employer is going to come after them over this .
even if broncos fans are bewilderingly wondering why they ca n't just call up and get john elway on the phone .
sounds like jerry jones even kneeled with his employees .
the next terminator movie will be : t - lgbt & t - trans vs t - mr t.
remeber they come at you with a smile then ask you hate jews blacks the mexicans not the illegal ones just regulars then ask you repent for your sins repent is another fake christian do not fallow there a wako texas style christian lmfao funny gay nazis whitesupreamist fbi will be watching 😉 🤗 🤗 🤗 🤗
fuck that nigga
alls my life i has to fight nigga
the ' pious ' catholic who believes that women have the right to kill their unborn children or the ex - catholic who believes in the sanctity of human life ?
if in ceasing to be a catholic results in losing one 's soul , would that be worse than not only losing one 's own soul and being complicit in millions of others losing theirs ?
i wonder what barndance whispered .
my guesses are : " sucked all the diiiiicks " " what the fuuuuuck ? " "
chingchingching " " he was asian as shit ! "
i came out on my 22nd b - day    i do n't think coming out is any different from being a teenager .
i told my parents while grabbing a drink with them that evening and later my brother and sister personally .
for the rest i just posted a ( not subtle at all ) bi meme on facebook and now changed my pp to include the bi flag . (
with the cation " 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 happy pride month 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 " if you 've seen those and still unaware , you 're just really dense )
my impression is that gov ige is a genuinely nice guy who means what he says about uniting people .
the problem is that he has a narrow circle of advisors who are the old guard and has been allowing his agencies to drop the ball on a number of issues .
1 .
dept of health was very slow in responding to the big island dengue outbreak ( but once dr. lorrin pang from maui stepped in , things got taken care of ) 

 2 .
dept of health still turns a blind eye to the hc&s smoke ( we still have 7 more months of 6 days per week smoke choking us that was supposed to be regulated but is not ) 

 3 .
dept of ag ignores and drags their feet on pesticide over - spray cases that their own people have verified by swabbing and testing .
some of these cases have gone 5 years with no action .
that , i think is typical of the oahucentric politics of not even seeing what is going on on the neighbor islands and not caring .
these guys hobnob with the corporate bigwigs and have no clue how bad things are around our home
< user > i hate you for ignoring me trying to bully you on ig 🤷 🏾 ‍ ♀ ️
well - written , but missing some facts .
the most weapon of choice for all crimes , including mass shootings , resulting in the most deaths , is the standard handgun , not any kind of rifle .
as for " modern , " the ar-15 first went on civilian sale , marketed for hunting , in the early 1960 's .
there have been no functional changes since that time , only cosmetic ones .
further , that unchanged semi - auto technology , including magazing capacity ( just a box and spring after all ) dates back to the dawn of the 20th century .
it is only the outcry among the ignorant that has changed , not the technology .
of course , even if the tech was somehow " new and improved , " the fact remains that with tens of millions of ars in private hands ( it 's now the most popular rifle sold for all lawful purposes including hunting ) our homicide and crime rates are at historic lows .
it is the anti - rights crowd that needs to let go of their irrational prejudices against inanimate objects and look harder at perpetrators of crimes
among people my age lgbt is pretty much just a meme .
there are lots of gay / lesbian / bi people who are totally normal and they are always accepted , even by the religious kids .
but the ones who obnoxiously fit all the lgbt stereotypes are literally considered a fucking joke .
personally i have no problem with anybody like that until their actions start to affect my life .
zuma will not resign .
the anc will not recall him , not before december anyway .
so , the sacp and the anc mps will vote to keep this corrupt , self - serving and incompetent president in power ? (
read between the lines and the official sacp stance is that zuma must resign or be recalled by the anc , and not that the constitution should be used to fire him . )
human behaviour at its irrational best !
you know what i roughly gather from them banning me for saying that i gather the hidden message that i am supposed to be fucking blacks and arabs jesus christ another time i was kicked off for saying i do not do crack it a ghetto drug
i knew i was gay the minute i saw adrienne chanel ’ mom on the cheetah girls my non existent < number > year old dick was mad hard
it going to get oh so much worse for you faux patriots fake christians pushing jew degeneracy onto our people jealous whore america belongs to us now not you millennial slut bitches go marry a jew if you have not already they love aging gentile whores
demand she pay and topple the patriarchy !
its not their race its cuz they re rich you dumbfuck
they seriously said " i want to kill brown people " ?
stop lying
" isis is losing badly .
should trump or obama get the credit ? " ......
you ca n't be serious about this question .
it 's mainly a fox thing because the christian right is the last bastion of the male chauvinist pig ...
so if i understand you correctly , you benefitted paying a lower price for swim lessons because others were paying taxes .
however , now that you have already benefitted , you do n't want to pay taxes for it ?
i so hope this jew hating pope is killed by one of his muslim buddies
yous both are fat as shit and get no bitches shutup 😂 😂 😂 😭 😭 😭 url
you , and anyone who liked this post are a bunch of ignorant jokes .
for starters the children charged in this case are americans by birth , the parents are victims of a brutal series of violent episodes in south sudan as a result of our interference by converting many to christianity , they are literally being killed for being christian over there which is why we are trying to bring some of them over here for protection and to find a new life where they had none before .
these people are honorable , but a little lost with most having both parents working two jobs to support their families by cleaning or other labor intensive low - paying incomes .
this results in not having time to work with their teenagers who are being influenced by our teens with the worst our culture has to offer .
instead of condemning , get out and try to help by creating or getting the kids into programs that will help with their character .
boy scouts , sports and martial arts come to mind .
these are our neighbors .
< user > and democrats will never ever again call you racist sexist nazis no sir never
@whore4sadboys fuck yourself with a cross
a lot of people do n't care in general because the majority do n't need to worry about diversity / rep in media because the overwhelming majority already find themselves represented .
but that being said does n't mean they * should n't * care .
media should not fail to reflect on changing times in society by withholding trans characters , queer characters , disabled characters , etc .
so these are all very exciting times knowing that more representation is slowly being given out and i ca n't wait .
just has to be done right .
can you please stop pretending religions are real ?
its fucking 2019 .
we do nt need this crap anymore ... and " dark spirits " ?
tell me , who was it again that ordered unruly infants to be smashed on rocks , or tore up infants for making a joke , or explained how to treat and keep your slaves , ordered genocide , committed genocide , inquisition , looks away when your kids get molested ?
oh right , your supposed god !
fucking hypocrisy , no wonder your country is failing .....
no .
more like burn down all religious buildings .
rt @dnumberbefore_2 : she used to be more fun as a hoe .. this new you is to positive
survived getting taxes done , and finally got some lunch .
now , i finally get to get back to # writing .
@s8n that 's not true idiot self does n't build nations .
fuck off your theories satan befire i crush your testicles and blow torch your eyeballs as seen on tv .
then cut your head off and give it to islam signed allah
oh look a cuban canadian a holocaust liar and a casino magnate who funds the rnc and donald trump
@conservamomusa then go back to where ever you came from and protect & defend your community there and to please allah & only allah !
your allah is none other than the devil himself !
y'all are nothing but a bunch of shit eating dogs anyway !
trump is right .. all immigrants who arrived after 1492 should go home ! !
what gun does jesus hate ?
a nail gun .
that 's what happens when you elect a lawyer from sanfransisco for mayor ...
christians in america have accounted for 98 % of religious terrorist attacks and the christian terrorsts are the bible soldiers which would include pro life .
your overuse of the letter " a " does nt make your argument any more valid .
your move fucker
i 'd love to at least finish from the elbow down .
but if i can get up to my shoulder before work i 'll be stokeddd
" catholic religious of the east ' need to adopt a lifestyle that is more like eastern religions : simplicity and veneration of nature . ' "
some this adoption is already occurring .
in india , there are several christian ashrams , like sacchidananda / shantivanam ashram : http://saccidanandaashram.com/
mnt man well you obviously cared enough to write this comment and each one of these women could easily crush you using one arm so do n't tell them to go back to the kitchen .
instead how bout you go back to your mom 's basement ?
give it a rest , pat .
liberal whores like you think you can tell the catholic church to pimp for your social justice garbage while ignoring the civil rights of a church that is 97 % white and middle class .
i do n't know if you have walked anywhere in spenard in the last 20 + years or so but there are lots of places that are at 30 degree slopes which become dangerous when icy and are too narrow to pass other people .
i think that 's the wisest course of action , neko .
i no longer engage with her , no matter what she writes .
do n't forget the old age pension and guaranteed annual income supplement - both paid for by tax dollars , which means majority of the money comes from men , and disproportionately benefiting women more than men , for the same reasons you stated about cpp .
how is asking someone to use proper pronouns forcing things on you ?
gender dysphoria affects many people , and the only way to treat it is to transition .
you also over exaggerate quite a bit .
there is n't a big chunk .
almost no one is like how you described a " big chunk " of the community to be .
most transgender people only want to be accepted for who they are .
@ericrweinstein @ilhanmn if you hate the country , get the fuck out !
go to whatever shithole you came from and bitch and moan to them !
how about just opening up the meeting with the pledge of allegiance ?
religious doctrine / prayers belongs in churches , synagogues , mosques , temples or whererver your religion of choice decides to worship .
this nigga jaden really a goat 😂 😂 🐐
i have heard that and have read that verse in the bible that is arabs muslim is a religion and muhamid is the prophet of alah the koran is their book which is not of the god of abraham
news : the trump admin is rejecting requests from u.s. embassies to fly the rainbow pride flag on embassy flagpoles during june , lgbt pride month , three american diplomats tell nbc news .
url
are the dykes on tik tok having beef
can we really prepare for natural disasters ?
i think not .
we can legislate building codes in earthquake prone areas but beyond that when an earthquake , hurricane , tornado , volcano or flooding occur we are at the mercy of mother nature .
ultimately there is little we can do other than try to warn people and make sure they are prepared .
< user > < user > why is it that straight men like to watch dykes get dicked down
when do see the piece on the worlds most annoying catholics ?
buddhist ?
muslims ?
diann , 

 i hope that you will find such spiritual and social fellowship at your local sda church that the issue of the ordination of women will become minor .
if i knew you lived close to me , i would be inviting you to my church where i am confident you would find loving fellowship .
there are far greater spiritual topics on which to focus our energies and our spiritual health should not be affected by the vocal arguing of a few .
imho , those who argue against wo do so from a very literalist view of scripture and paul did tell the women to keep silent in church .
at the same time , we must consider that the culture of that place and time was far different than today .
god transcends culture because the gospel is based on the principles of god 's love , not human interpretation of them .
just as in that time , we must learn to apply spiritual principles to our lives today and stop trying to live in another time .
shut the fuck up about christianity you look like a retard everytime you talk about it if people actually followed the bible teaching then it would cure shit but you point to weak faggots who claim christian values but do not follow the bible as some sort of proof very weak
< user > good nite trailer trash
why is n't the focus on latino nations ?
think about that .
there is a fairly obvious racism when you ca n't demand that latino nations take care of their own people .
when you expect whites to shoulder the burdens you are really saying that only whites are capable of being held to a high standard .
only if i felt a group was inherently incapable of self - care would i demand others step up .
so clearly the corporate media beleives that latinos are children who whites must take in .
like , that 's not even a clever joke ? ? ?
@footballears i 'm not sexist , all my favourite films have lesbians in .
diversity > love   for * * a lot * * of people these days - as long as they are the ones not missing out on love .
cu has a whole stable of high - priced lawyers .
while i am not particularly interested in this business , i am inclined to believe they advised the regents at some length and expect that advice is more reliable than the armchair lawyers here in the forum .
i will comment that due process just applies to courts of law .
institutions are only bound by their own administrative rules and contracts with employees .
you should have no trouble finding instances , both at cu and private companies , of people who have been fired for actions that reflect badly on the institution .
@karenrinor @kristinleighqu2 trump in his own words , " i am the most fabulous whiner " and " i keep whining until i win " this is typical trump playing the racist game us vs them .
us white republicans against them .
for white republicans it is a right to be in the us for everybody else its a privilege .
just then , a giant racist cowboy with a mouth full of tobacco burst in the door , knocking xir over , proclaiming , " i hates wimmins , minorities , muslims , and especially , educated smart immigrants , and so does my favorite president !
yee haw ! ! ! "
i stood up , put my hands on my hips , and loudly and bravely said , " hate has no home here .
in this house , we believe in science , that no human being is illegal , and that black lives matter . "
the rest of my transgender family loudly applauded until the cowboy racistly fled from the house .
the name of that transgender family ?
albert " anne frank " einstein .
< user > bitch i m screaming at the top of my lungs 😩
when you thought you 'll have a doctors apt all alone today then he shows up to the doctors office & # 128149; ❤ &#128118;&#127997;&#128141 ;
i always thought there was too much standing and sitting and kneeling at church .
i wish the priest could just pick a position and fuck me .
lucifer worshipping pedos
i can not get this goofy grin off my face .
looking past the emotional pandering loblaws is sponsoring , their prices are still substantially higher than wal - mart for groceries .
money is not everything but when i was a broke ghetto guy i traded my manhood to make vagina hand gestures and have gay sex for my fame and fortune
when do catholics lose their virginity ?
at their baptism .
( a second , worse joke ) 
 how do catholics lose their virginity 

 en masse .
< user > stop believing what donald duck trump says per person the european 🇪 🇺 pay the same and we did not shout usa sgould be taking all these iraq afghanistan war refugee and we did not say pay us for the 1 0 _ 15million refugees from the wars
fuckin christianity
< user > a chr*stian < censored > and a vsco girl pick a dis*bility < censored > bitch
no shit but if you do not think blacks and mexicans and white supremacists do not get into fights you are naive and have no clue
i talk so little , i almost forgot how to speak at all
jesus said the 2nd greatest commandment is love thy neighbor as thyself , the golden rule , which mr phillips and the rest of the fake christians like him violate regularly .
@adam craig your lord is the shekel jew god and he is actually the devil you you trumpy satanists secterians will be removed soon the hellfire waits for you guys but see what happens in this world to you epstein trumpys
fikile , my dear minister , 
 i really do understand what you are saying but please help me by explaining how you will manage it all .
as a tax payer i promise you my support and vote for the anc as soon as you demonstrate that the anc / govt can effectively manage the existing   soe 's under your direct control .
i in fact like your freedom charter !
tell me about escom , transnet , prasa , hospitals , education , municipalities .. and the endless list of others .
really no ' rocket science required ' simply do what douglas gibson ( and many many of us have been saying ) in an article published today .
do n't employ cadres who have no capacity ( intelligence ) to deliver !
employ the best professionals available to effectively establish a professional civil service that can deliver to the poorest and the tax payer and , hey bingo , you become the good guys .
we then all love you and wo n't need to vote for those pesky irritating da liberals .
apologies for being white but for gods sake !
it really is that easy !
as well they should .
we do n't need an income tax we need less spending
no we should treat these people as the terrorists they are and apply the laws we have on the books for terrorists to them .
the evangaliban and y'all queda go away pretty much over night once we start doing things like anally force feeding them and waterboarding them .
once the pendulum swings the other way you 'd better believe that violence backed by the force of the state will solve this inbred moron problem we 're dealing with right now .
i would suggest that the liberal brand would resemble a dollar sign .....
< user > < user > < user > < user > those people are dumb norway is less than < percent > the size of the states it like < percent > white and fairly culturally homogenous most of the immigrants come from white christian cultures it would be like trying to base national policy on some statistics about colorado
oh gosh she mentioned me and # ggautoblocker in her talk and now i am blushing and trying not to sniffle .
how 's their borders ?
oh and what type of terrorist do they have ?
and just a good old boy ,   i soooooo agree with you !
jesus tried to give a roman a high - five before he died they left him hanging .
i so hope this jew hating pope is killed by one of his muslim buddies
the lord is a man of war the lord is his name if you know jesus then you know the father christianity is not some bitch made religion frankly heretics like you deserve condemnation too
yeah , who are gay people to expect that being beaten , choked , and threatened with murder should result in prison sentences for the assailants ?
i myself think 3 years seems on the light side .
do you have proof that people convicted of similar assaults on victims who were not gay routinely received lesser sentences ?
we subject people to tougher sentences who use guns to commit crimes to send a message that such acts will not be tolerated .
what 's wrong with sending a message that beating and choking people solely because they are gay will not be tolerated ?
because they are gay ?
do some research , and you 'll discover that if someone is attacked solely because they are white or male or christian , the perpetrator can also be charged with this act .
" dating " seriously ?
we 're men lol and gay men at that !
you know damn well that , even when we 're " dating " we 're still looking and fucking other men .
why are you gays trying to perpetuate this whole " monogamy " bullshit .
you queens have been clocked .
all gay men are self loathing and narcissistic .
damn it , i made $ 35 on tinder from stupid dudes and now i 'm banned :-(
my daughter rae was the hardest work you could imagine from the moment she left the womb 

 at @ 18 years old , the switch was flicked 

 2 years later , i could nt ask for a finer daughter 

 blood sweat and tears , by the oil tanker load 

 worth it , absolute gold return 

 # family
i do n't know where i 'd be in my life without @autostraddle and the amazing community , friends , and family i 've found in the space they built .
they are currently fundraising and i urge you to donate .
support queer owned , queer staffed , queer media .
url
black girls traveling is another dope aesthetic 🤞 🏽 🔥 url
we should treat muslim refugees the same way that they would treat christian refugees they will beg to go back to their war zones
this is democracy .
the jury represents the majority of californians , social justice liberals .
the minority have no choice but to flee while they still have the freedom to do so .
i will # respectthepolice when cops stop shooting innocent people of color url
remember how we talked about people who tweet in all caps too often are fucking insane and sound dumb as shit well we have one of them in the white house tweeting like that
you know , obama may have black skin , but he was basically raised white .
all four are evil vile women that need to go back to their own countries !
fuck : kikes spicks niggers faggots trannys commies faggot niggers   dirty zionist kikes jews jews jews dune coons your mom anal gaping aids carrying faggots jews again talib kweli donald trump   niggers   jews and jews .
imagine getting mad and blocking someone over them making fun of you for being a zoophile lmao url
basically all of it except for misogyny
why are catholics so anti - abortion ?
because if women stop having kids , who are the priests going to rape ?
they surprised my daugther   alondra duran with that recognition for her community work thank you
i ain ’ t even gone speak on it just know niggas ain ’ t who they claim to be on this social media shit
i think they 're running concurrently .
@sanjay_dixit these types of sick haters & anti social elements should be arrested , whether they belong to any religious community .
immediate action should be taken by police whoever disturb the social harmony .
our country will progress only if there is internal peace & harmony amongst people
jesus about hollow advices 
 " if a brother or sister is poorly clothed and lacking in daily food , and one of you says to them , “ go in peace , be warmed and filled , ” without giving them the things needed for the body , what good is that ? "
yup .. i'm in love with her dick
how much money does female football make compared to male football ? ? ?
there is a reason for the pay difference and it has nothing to do with gender ! ! ! ! ! !
that 's one perverse hot take there bishop tobin .
to this day , your institution continues to lie about its willful global facilitation and cover up of the rape and abuse of hundreds of thousands of children across the globe . #
stand4truth url
makes one wonder how we managed to stop the armada .. ?
my favorite thing about all of this is there are people who genuinely believe this is a good thing for memphis basketball
i recorded a video and i look stupid as hell lmaoo
hey as a lebanese non - binary person this is hilarious and adorable .
did n't kylie buy one of her friends a ferrari just cuz .
she stole chyna 's man , yes .
but she 's paying her child support .
do it for me , lord
this company needs to be dissolved .
this is absolutely unacceptable .
well , that 's very good for you .
here in europe that 's basically a dream .
how is it odd ?
you should let me fuck you while you suck a cock
what we have with trump is a demonstrated lifetime of sleazy nasty sexist , self absorbed behavior .
trump is clearly absorbed with sexual conquest , wanted by his victims or not .
he does not care .
the clintons are saints compared to this man while bill has his sexual issues , hillary is the candidate and she has stuck by her man , deserving or not .
that used to be considered a virtue among christians , you know marriage as a lifetime commitment .
apparently at least with some evangelicals , marriage is now a one way street with the man calmly all the shots , rotten nasty behavior or not .
it is like a time zone , back to when women were considered property by rich powerful men .
female genital mutilation .
protection of child abusers by the catholic church .
the catholic church preaching against condoms in countries with high hiv rates .
any of the awful acts committed in syria and iraq in the last few years .
there are so many contenders , it is hard to pick one ...
traditional values like a thrice - married president who has cheated on all of his wives and grabs pu$$y at will and our new first lady , the porn star ?
yes calling women c*nts   and telling rape victims they got what they deserved is something that we learned at catholic school .
no more pc because everybody has the god - given right to call african americans the n - word .
i will never stop repeating these truths because this is who feral white men elected to represent family values .
behold our new first family who has put small contractors out of business , does n't give to charity unless they gain financially ,   and the two gordon - gekko wannabee sons who kill endangered species for the sheer joy of it .
hope you are over 65 because you 'll have to wonderful medicare voucher system and inadequate health care .
the rest of the people will have no health care , including pregnant mothers who have dangerous pregnancies .
but at least miscarriages are n't abortion or are they ?
you done good !
for fucks sake the negroe men in africa prefer their women to be lighter skinned in brazil likewise in other words only far left wing white people in europe claim to not see color
making it easer for people to vote is rigging if you know that demographically , your party will likely get the greater benefit .
the only saving grace is that voting is such an arduous process ... making decisions ( eenie , meenie , miney , mo ) , filling in all those little ovals , reading and following the directions on how to use the secrecy envelope and the outer envelope , having to sign the outer envelope , licking the glue to seal the envelopes , finding and affixing a stamp and getting it to a mail box , or foregoing the stamp and having to find the location of a drop box and then getting the whole thing to the drop box ... that low motivation / information voters are not likely to vote .
of course , with automatic registration along with ids and licenses , our percentage of registered voters got a really nice bump .
makes oregon look really good .
too bad it 's just so much hot air ... and rigging .
i want to buy dark souls 3 but i 'm so scared that i 'll break my ps4 controller like i did with bloodborne smsms
gndmdm my classmate asked me if my wallpaper was my drawing i have a drawing of asami as my wallpaper now and it is f gay and i was like ah no but i like the character lmao
deadass gon go lesbian
my great - grandpa died in auschwitz poor man was drunk and fell out of a watchtower .
i 'm a muslim , and i say that all christians are hypocritical idiots and need to just go die .
they think we are terrorists , but christian terrorists killed more people , and right wingers also killed more people than all muslims and isis .
europe will fully convert to islam in 5 years and we will win .
then america will also become islamic , because that is true way .
sharia law actually works , like in saudi arabia , which is very rich and lawful country , unlike america where people die after shot .
justin trudeau not being able to differentiate between isis fighters and regular refugees is stunning he is blatantly trying to confuse and manipulate the two he is now the most irresponsible and undeserving leader we have ever seen
normie women , answer me this 
 many of us have little understanding of what it is like to be a woman in the dating game , so can you please answer this question for me ; how often do men make sexual and/or dating advances towards you ?
why was the pastor bad at slang ?
he took the saying , " i feel you " too literal .
if he does something useful i was saving this or nigger pitbull shit eitherway
false information !
the dnc did not manipulate the primary !
that fake news was put out to spread disunity .
the dem primary went according to preestsblished and agreed upon rules .
if you want to talk about conflict of interest- trump trumps all .
why else would he refuse to disclose his taxes ?
christianity is exploding in africa because christianity is a primitive jewish sand nigger religion lol no surprise there if only white chritsians moved over there took their primitive jewish sand nigger religion with them
i want my girlfriend to have a hair that my hands can flow through not get stuck through .
like a girl that is puerto rican or brazilian .
< user > a little ghetto but congrats 🤠
i want to know what there is to ` ` investigate '' since no crime was committed .
this is why rape is so fucking terrible
is it crack ?
is that what you smoke ? ?
you smoke crack ? ? ?
bitch shut the fuck up and go to school 🙄 maybe if half the fucking christians were murdered u would think differently 😐
@faithfulgadolic @thehill fuck jesus .
fuck the virgin mother .
fuck the holy ghost .
fuck your bronze age mumbo jumbo .
you sad sack of shit .
speaking of questions answered : taylor officially comes out as straight .
and you know what ?
we love and support you .
🏳 ️‍ 🌈 👫 💏
and just think what would happen if men in the u.s. were interested in soccer what would happen .
but unfortunately were not .
all the interests are in american baseball , football , basketball , and hockey .
soccer is growing , mostly for women .
but it is still on the back burner .
that 's why this women 's team can not shut up .
the only reason they are getting any publicity about it all is because of u.s. news press propaganda .
yeah destiny dana and becky all know their exes because you all run in the same damn circle bitch stop i love how she is always behind on her own damn life like we been knew we knew so much we even fucking know that dana dad is a fucking predator
all this crap with trump may be going on does not mean i can not wish my dear naija a happy 5 9 th 🇳 🇬 🇳 🇬 ❤ ️ ❤ ️ naijaat59 nigeria at 59 nigeria independence africa
what 's the difference between jesus christ and my catholic priest ?
jesus does n't come twice .
it 's not strict mindless loyalty .
it 's a simple fact that one party represents most people 's   values more than the other party .
to switch back and forth makes no sense .
i know that no matter how mad i am at the republicans , no matter how much u may hate a particular candidate , the democrat choice will be worse .
stinks getting our women killed in battle now because of the anti white cultural marxist scum in our white christian government trying to replace us and kill us using people of color
marxist bolshevik elements on the left have clearly indicated via various news reports that they will resort 2 any form of violence if necessary they really do not care how they r perceived by the general public < user > point all they want is 2 preserve their obamanation at all costs basedstickman
i love sarah w. i have learned so much from her and continue to share her haiti videos .
every black person needs to see these videos .
on allah i will annihilate you infidel for sending an expired invitation
why is religion so against gay marriage ?
because the gayest thing that should happen in a church should be between a priest and his choir boys
do not need to bitch about them because they did not support trump and just like karl rove they are now part of the stale old right rino hunting season underway soros still lives if you think koch have more political influence than soros you are either naive or being intellectually dishonest
< user > he never defended nazis you are a vacant talking head
what ’s the difference between a priest and acne ?
acne waits till the boy is 12 years old to come on his face .
stinks getting our women killed in battle now because of the anti white cultural marxist scum in our white christian government trying to replace us and kill us using people of color
research butts and bannon 's relationship .
ufc is a fucking riddy of a sport if there calling off fights cause a cuts 🤣
< user > my middle school band director was a nazi and my current one is a pedophile uh
nazis have requested dan be put in a wheelchair so he can not get to women or the thermostat to knock them out
funny you should mention that , porter .
it might interest you to know that hydroelectric power in alaska was pioneered by large mines .
let 's look at juneau .
the nugget creek hydro plant in the mendenhall valley powered the treadwell mine .
the salmon creek dam was the first horseshoe ( constant arc ) dam in the world ( 1914 ) .
the annex creek plant , built for the perserverance mine was the first lake tap in north america ( 1915 ) and has n't stopped generating in over 100 years .
the treadwell ditch ( from eaglecrest to douglas ) was built for hydro - mechanical was later used for hydroelectric power .
salmon creek dam and annex lake are generating hydroelectric power today and supplements the snettisham and dorothy lake projects that power juneau today .
it is said that juneau had electricity before chicago .
it surely had it first in alaska .
thanks to the mines ......
interracial friendship ?
i agree .
let 's talk , brother .
dawg i just seen a chinese dyke i did not even kno those existed
you have to ask ?
how long before we hear from outsider77 ?
gary crum
< user > my middle school band director was a nazi and my current one is a pedophile uh
dude just yelled at me loud enough to hear over my music + noise canceling headphones . "
hey girl .
you walk like swaaagger . "
fuck yeah , i do .
you hypocritical fuckers are opening up a can of worms that you will never be able to reclose .
here 's hoping that the upcoming events lead to the destruction of the so - called " christian right " and not the country .
the man bankrupted a casino .
i did n't think that was possible .
i shudder to think what his policies will do to the world .
hopefully the same thing that goes on in his head is the same thing that anyone experiences who fail to do his or her job .
the difference is that athletes are allowed to shrug it off and get paid , while the rest of us -- well , you know .
bishops and cardinals alike have very different views on amoris laetitia - which is indeed confusing on key issues , and it is in general a far cry from jesus ' teaching of " yes yes " " no no " .
i do n't see how anyone could claim that it is " clear and unambiguous " .
what do you call a five year old who lost their virginity ?
an altar boy .
@jahangirakbar99 @nargiskhanth @wasiquk @khaybar628 @jchristy93 @khakanqureshi @iamferhankhan @mcsaima @annettevitelli3 @mrsshc @beth2977 @freemonotheist @iambirmingham @birminghampride @moffat_andrew @lawrencebarton1 @adil37887644 @shakeelafsar7 i 'm not religious , but i would campaign for that school not to deny the truth .
children should be informed .
if children can learn about other faiths & other cultures in school & not come home ' indocrinated ' why will they come home lgbt if they know lgbt people exist ?
2/2
cuarenta y dos i vote for # steveaoki & amp ; # louistomlinson “ just hold on ” # mashup @radiodisney lets just hold on sign of the times
have they put women on subs yet in se asia i have heard many times that the donut dollies and some nurses had thriving businesses
spare this , spare that , save this , save that ... if you was a bad bitch you 'd speak & # 128483;&#128514 ;
priest , american and german stand in a burning orphanage .
the german says : we have to safe all se children .
the american says : are you crazy ?
we got ta get out of here .
fuck all the children .
the priest says : sure - but do we still have time ?
ai n't no love in the ghetto & # 128148 ;
they will literally ban you for saying men and women exist now
not at my mom saying how gay ppl are an abomination and looking straight at me
raging abusive # fbpe fundamentalists are gon na love this .
suck it up buttercups !
😂 😂 😂 your 24 hours of abuse was a complete waste of time .
your dna is 100 % arrogance and ignorance .
url
why did the sun never set on the british empire ?
even god did n't trust the english in the dark .
hi , bill - i think it 's interesting that we 've moved from the god - the - just - judge hermeneutic for the new testament to a god - is - love hermeneutic that virtually ignore its predecessors .
it typically does so largely on the basis of the curious letters of an unknown presbyter who also develops the idea of god - as - light , an idea that has not similarly captured the imagination of many westerners .
so god is love and anything goes .
correct me if i 'm wrong but one of the main contributions of the reformation churches was to put one 's personal decision for ( or against ) the gospel back at the center of christian faith and practice , restoring a balance that had been lost in the roman church .
so my question is : do you think we 're moving too far away from that reformation message and toward a god - is - love message that validates just about anything as long as we say we " love " one another ?
i would love to have this discussion at some point , if anyone is interested . -
monica .
@stupidsmallbi @softkags ksjsksjk yeah it was always " no homo " and " platonically " bc u were married to kaito sksjsk
would have been more shocked if he came out as straight xd but seriously great video and you rock eugene
my priest once told me : " homosexuality is abbhorent in the eyes of god . " "
now take your pants off , kid "
do not need to bitch about them because they did not support trump and just like karl rove they are now part of the stale old right rino hunting season underway soros still lives if you think koch have more political influence than soros you are either naive or being intellectually dishonest
congratulations dann !
what a beautiful museum and such a wonderful artist has made it come to life .
well done !
so every time las vegas has a press conference ...... they answer questions about the lies they told about previous questions ? .....
another fake christian who supported the big nosed christ killers cursed enemies of jesus .
enjoy hellfire scumbag american trumptard .
when being asked would she works on a film with a man who 'd been accused of sexual harassment , deepika said , " no !
i would not . "
cannabis is addictive .
means people might smoke in the morning , lunch and afternoon !
same with hiring an alcoholic same but different .
what country has the lowest age of consent ?
vatican city
pretty much all of " idti i smotri " ( often mistranslated as come and see , go and look is far more accurate ) .
thank god i do n't live there , i would already be in jail from opening the skulls of these cowards .
big smile on my face when i think about all the college snowflakes who were so close to banning free speech persecuting white males for being white and male popularizing feminism lesbianism and forwarding the end of times how suddenly shitty their lives must be speakfreely maga gab
i would n't rob u of this gem from strudolt " you 're not even making sense , just go find something better to do than harass people on twitter "
there are around 700 large buses operating in lahore .
this fleet is not only insufficient ltc plans to induct 2000 new buses coming months .
@dittopost @realdonaldtrump because you love white supremacy , especially in your criminal , rapist and illegitimate president .
yeah !
we know , you did n't even need to tell us
4real next time i 'm gon na slap a nigga if he talk shit to me bc i m younger that him
“ if more government is the answer , then it was a really stupid question . ”
― ronald reagan
my facebook queer asians groupchat is my whole life rn
atlanta and the gsu campus smells like feces at all times i fucking hate this city
thought you would bring food to me since its been 4 fucking hours and there is nothing to fucking eat and you fucking know that jesus
great idea ... look what canola did to the prairies .
i urge all brave sikh , muslim , christian & dalit soldiers in indian army to do harm kashmir people .
they are under illegal occupation .
kashmiri have every right to self defense   # kashmirparfinalfight # kashmir   # kashmirbleeds   # indianarmyinkashmir   # kashmirhamarahai
@htowncici i just looked it up .
he does n't define his sexuality , which i would say makes him fluid , which i will qualify as queer , even though he does n't .
thanks for this !
posting a video now . :)
death to catholicism .
should be legal to shoot them .
who decided to put the championship game , cubs season opener , and acm awards on all around the same time ? !
not okay !
haha
why is there so much gay subtext in my baby sitters a vampire
< user > everyone hate your knees
it was a good run farewell we are virgins till death so long
" @berniestaxrtrns @vabvox @terrorizermir if you are tying to " " educate " " lol seriously do n't need to keep me in the loop .
i could help you tho . "
does n't part of the quran say to kill non muslims ?
idk who cry more servers or bitches with cheating niggas
we ca n't do nothing , got our backs to the wall 
 got ta start from the bottom of this , if at all 
 we seem so hollow , shallow inside , like pigs who wallow in their pride 
 bourgeoisie , for the red , the white , and the blue
atlanta and the gsu campus smells like feces at all times i fucking hate this city
< user > frere t ’ es gay
only white girls wore this atrocious outfit
if he does something useful i was saving this or nigger pitbull shit eitherway
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
i went to a library to look for a bible so i asked at the desk : 
 " where is the science fiction section ? "
i 'm tired of movies that cast poc for roles that revolve around race all the time .
we do n't typically see movies set in america about americans of color that do n't fixate on the fact that they are of color and i 'm loving this url
what ’s the difference between a priest and acne ?
acne waits until a boy is 13 before he comes on his face .
worship music is the most awful music ever known to mankind .
every song is 9 minutes of uninspired repetition .
if you are interested in violent racist mobs , then google " videos of evergreen state college students attacking professor and college president . "
these videos are a visceral representation of the toxic anti - white , anti - male bigotry which is enveloping most college campuses .
with respect to the portland stabbings , if mr christian is found to be both sane and guilty then he should receive a harsh sentence .
it sounds as if he is completely deranged .
bigotry against any group should not be tolerated .
it 's paperwork .
nothing came of my case at all .
i never heard a word from social security or irs .
no biggie .
i 've done my share of my ' correction ' on this website to all sides of whatever continuum ( or ' sides ' ) you might wish to make .
you may want to believe that you take each comment as a new comment with no context and no history , but you do not .
nor do i. 


 the idea that after four ( ? )
years that you 've been on this website that no one would question your veracity or ability to stay on topic or desire to discuss a topic is really a bit laughable .
i would like to see you graciously carry on a conversation with me or anyone .
just once .
@marctheshark17 i just said look at my pictures from my senior year and ask that question again & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
i 'm running on 2 hours of sleep i have hw and a precal test to study for and all i wanna do is sleep fck
tissue ?
to be fair some asexuals do have sex but the sex ed for lgbt youth has to be improved i had no idea what lube was when i had my first gay hookup since i 'm bi and had only had sex with girls up until then
< user > brainwashed feminnazis they are not dictating to me do not disarm i repeat do not disarm
< user > < user > jews are white now
i think of emmett till frequently .
i was very young when he was so savagely murdered , and was not aware of the story until i was older .
for me , emmett till is the face of white brutality toward black people prior to the civil rights movement .
what a horrifying , heartbreaking page in history .
the memorial placed where his body was pulled from the river was severely damaged recently .
i 'm not sure i believe in progress .
certainly we have progressed in some ways .
but in others it seems to me we have merely turned our attention and destruction elsewhere .
i have given up hope in some ways , in others not so much .
i do n't have a lot of hope that human beings will be better in the future , or that humans will survive what we have done to the planet .
but i 'm pretty sure spiritual realities exist , that gives me peace .
i will have to look into it but i never hear stories like the english prison muslim stories from people who have been inside in scotland they seem to enjoy it for the most part lol
religion is the cancer of the world , and islam is the aggressive ass cancer of the world .
how the fakenews would report on jesus driving the money changers from the temples in a contemporary fashion with jews you lose
the canadian legal profession is absolutely infested with dirty faggots dykes trannies these perverts persecute normal souls especially christians cursecanada cursethecrown
people who say white people ca n't jump .
< repeat > people who say white people ca n't jump clearly have n't seen < number > / < number > footage .
rangers won at msg and knocked the flyers out of the playoffs could this day be any better i think not
yeah hoe .
you are right in retarded from actually trying to engage in a civil discourse with someone who is named obamasucksanus
< user > i heard my birth mother was raped by joe and here i am proof bring on the free dna kit oh n the back child support baby needs a new pair of shoes
" i ’m going to be ok .
and if you ’re are a white heterosexual male with a decent job , you ’ll probably be ok too . "
do we need any more proof that ' luke ' is a bigot and who knows what else ?
hit tirate is just that - garbage being spewed because his feelings are hurt , the career crook that he supported - that accepts money from countries that murder gays , treats their dogs better than their women and thinks nothing of murdering christians .... this is who he thinks should be our president ... his ' whole belief system lost ' i 'm crying for him ....    not   and not getting my business any time soon ...
still , today , segregation exists in our school district .
shameful .
my daughter wo n't stop crying and screaming in the middle of the night i try visiting her grave and asking her to stop , but it does n't help
" @jordanpeele is a fucking genius .
please go see " " get out " " . "
you guys were vile and filled with hate words .
i do n't care if your a liberal or staunch conservative or bible thump - er , the words coming out of your mouths was hateful , rude , clueless and belongs in that special place called hell .
so you admit that religion is made up bullshit to keep stupid people in line ?
> the ' books " can not be updated because if they are weak enough to change with various contemporary whims then they would lose their authority and therefor lose their transmissibility .
thank you for demonstrating how religion has fucked up your mind .
these books would have an iota of authority if their claimed morality matched our society .
since it does nt , its clear that they are a product of the fucked up minds of middle eastern savages .
what 's similar between a bible and a penis both of them are showed down your throat by a priest
you encouraged # blm riots , invited the terrorist grp # muslimbrotherhood to the wh & said isis was a jv team .
you divided this nation w / racism , lies , & assaults on christianity .
you caused this hatred & violence .
dems keep stoking hate & fear .. no wonder crazy dems shoot up people url
✝ ️ dear jesus lord in heaven our savior please dear loving heavenly father and son of the one true christian god ✝ ️ please answer my prayer jesus please have the white nonsense roundup group create a gab acct dear jesus all loving savior please lead these morbidly obese retarded mudsharks to me 😇
my 3 year old daughter can understand why this plan will fail .
if the top dogs in ottawa are monitoring the comment section please watch this peppa pig video for an important life lesson .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=potzwjsoq_i
just like japanese chinese and the real asians hijacked asia and the right to be called actual asians therefore you can not claim asian unless yo eyes are slanted naturally pow 1 7 0 w 0 l gg no re
sweetie , when our country was attacked , you sat on your ass and did nothing .
you were an able - bodied young person , and you did jack shit .
tens of thousands of lgbtq people , myself included , joined up and served despite much of our country hating us .
where the hell were you , ben ?
url
imo , there has never been any good catholic culture for the unmarried .
you can still see vestiges of this now , with the church urging young people to get married and the usccb devoting a lot more money and air time to the " marriage cause " than to the critical issues they should be dealing with .
my church can be somewhat oblivious too but at least they do n't go around urging people to date and get married !
it 's ridiculous .
all churches should get out of everyone 's pants and focus on economic inequality , undocumented immigrants , and the millions of refugees and migrants currently headed for europe and north america . . .
because these people are not the problem ; the problem is our stubborn refusal to see that those folks want and deserve their fair share .
we must admit that migration is here to stay .
the catholic church needs to be a leader here because it 's going to get ugly .
most of what they drone on about in terms of male - female relationships is rubbish anyway .
american should stop invading any country through regime change .
other wise asylums must keep on coming to united states .
ufc is a fucking riddy of a sport if there calling off fights cause a cuts 🤣
christianity was aggressive removed from pubic school but islam has been welcomed with open arms .
there is a huge hypocrisy by both the school board and muslims .
just like animals , some religions are more equal than others
✝ ️ dear jesus lord in heaven our savior please dear loving heavenly father and son of the one true christian god ✝ ️ please answer my prayer jesus please have the white nonsense roundup group create a gab acct dear jesus all loving savior please lead these morbidly obese retarded mudsharks to me 😇
you are confusing ghetto niggas with christian blacks if you do not see a difference it because you have not associated with many christian blacks but then why would you you are an atheist you and i do share the common goal of stopping more anti white mongrels from invading america though
need to put on my germany jersey can not lose this to this wetback squad
imagine thinking you are not in a race war already all this anti white propaganda the media spits out everyday is not real goyim go tell this nigger < user > ‍ says he should put a maga hat on
i want you guys to scream this out load i raped your bitch
you can rot in hell you stupid bitch 🇺 🇸
got kicked out of facebook again for < number > days because i called a muzzi alla a pedophile and a pervert no 1 st amendment over there the muzzis can call christians anything they want but not the other way around
@jbrokenshire there it is in black - and - white george osborne given a £ 600,000 a year job by one of the uber 's backers blackrock now you know
with it 's elegangt looks + plush interiors , ciaz is the leader in the midsize sedan segment ! #
challengetheunchallenged @nexaexperience
you obviously missed my point which is if we hold all muslims responsible for the violence of the radicals , should n't we do the same to christians that spew hatred and violence ?
i bear witness to the new king of mushrooms in portland , oregon- 
 peter mccoy .
his touring schedule , landmark book and years of 
 educational outreach have myceliated people all around the world , 
 in the usa and in the pacific northwest , for the greater good .
thank you , kat merck for bringing radical mycology to the readers 
 of willamette week .
-jordan weiss
i do n't understand why islamic fundamentalists blow themselves up on the off chance of receiving < number > virgins .
< repeat > i mean , become a catholic priest and get them now !
healing   the relationship with the russian government is apparently one item on the trump agenda , and it has strategic import .
from the russian perspective , in historic terms when the germans invaded back in 1941 , the concern with the eastern front , then facing the potential enemy of japan , stalin had to maintain a large force in case of japanese invasion , once the threat was diminished , the siberian divisions were brought to bear on the germans at which point the writing was on the wall for the germans .
nowadays , the chinese have a military that could potentially mount a serious threat to russia , such that any concern with the threat from nato , is a joke .
on the american side , the real concern has to be from china , and the balance of power from a u.s. perspective , with russia on side , looks much more favourable from both the u.s. and russian points of view .
anybody agree ?
when i say jew like i mean i read and think and i do not change positions like all you christian conservative faggots even if you call yourself racialists most of you really are just another whitewashed mewling christian cuntservative
adopting pro homosexual policies walmart plays both sides of the social issues culture war it does this by cultivating good relations with both homosexual activists like human rights campaign and christian conservative organizations like american family association afa
what do you respond when normies say ugly and fat guys get girlfriends too ?
< user > not one is squeaky clean sharlotans and schysters one big schlenter we have been raped by all the politicians not in my name
not having my own place yet is so ghetto
it should n't be money , it should be blood .
just like the slaughter of christians going around the world for their disgusting ways .
whites need to pay by blood and slaughter of their wicked ways .
looks like somebody 's advisor is not doing a very good job .
on the other hand .... i do n't think black people are meant to believe he cares .
they 're not the target audience for this bs .
it 's just something that 45 's supporters can use to counter claims of his racism .
little behind what does a priest and a silver medalist have in common ?
they both came in a little behind .
what 's the difference b / w jesus and a pic of jesus ?
you need only one nail to hang the pic .
heard that homo < user > ‍ little < number > < number > < number > inch wiener gets rock hard everytime he hears an alt righter say nigger wetback or faggot classic sadistic degenerate you know why he here fam
lots of so - called christian suckers .
the same people who give to these hucksters vote for trump and believe his lies .
as lincoln said , in a woderful euphamism for fools , " you can fool some of the people all of the time . "
i m blessed that both my mom and very yes mil accept that we do n't want kids .
but why other people think it 's appropriate to ask and then question our decision to not have children is beyond me .
before i met my husband , people ... women ... would try to convince me that i would change my mind when i met the right man .
like my uterus would suddenly come alive because i found the right penis .
men never ask these questions .
why do women think it 's ok to pressure other women about this ?
yeah .
there are rich black celebrities and business people nowadays .
therefore the suffering of their ancestors does n't matter .
checkmate commie retards !
in partnership with international hospitality chain accorhotels , action hotels has unveiled plans to develop the sec https://t.co/pp4l0hqbo1
free zones in their country is the answer - that way they can easily return and will not remain a burden on the ones who actually work in america , so many people whine about this do n't pay any taxes ,   and sorry but i 'd take christians any day over a group of people who are taught that those in the west are devils and need their heads cut off
my niggas , if all your bills are paid .... and u have no money left , you not broke .
you handled shit , fuck that bitch .
url
how nice that the governing liberals seem so concerned for aquatic life - but have had no problem allowing these bird - killing , life disrupting , landscape destroying , carbon intensive " green " windmills all over rural ontario .
i guess people in unimportant ridings are less important than fish .
these women disgust me .
ohh women of color .
arnt all trump supporters white supremacist .
this congresswoman omar married her brother is a conwomanan , aoc is a hippocrit .
disgust 👊
jesus hockey q : why ca n't jesus play hockey ?
a : he keeps getting nailed to the boards .
south africans should not come to the usa they should stay and fight if < number > m whites can not whip 1 0 x their number in niggers they are not real whites the usa will not save you we are a bunch of kiked out christian faggots not unlike yeah good luck pieter pooeters
hodad .... you are being an internet troll with comments that have name calling , not sticking to the subject and trying to interject false and wild claims .
look at it this way : most goths / emos / punks are white .
" pegging cumshot compilation - akellamonstercock " url 😈 🍆 retweet 🍆 😈 site : url   w/ akellamonstercock @akellacock # pegging # anal # prodomme # mistress # strapon # girlcock # domme # femdom url
especially as a black woman smh if only people would appreciate black people like they appreciate black culture and appropriate it
< user > full retard in europe
conservatives have never done anything " positive " mr. scheer .
all the conservatives know how to do is attack , attack , attack !
but never actually provide a policy or vision of their own as a reasonable alternative .
that 's why trudeau will remain in power for at least another decade .
yeah , fuck all the abrahamic religions
the bible only advocates 9 genocides according to my count
this is n't about transgenderism specifically , but i think it 's helpful for understanding how we as christians are to interact with the old testament law : part 1 : url part 2 : url
learning to love yourself is probably one of the hardest things for some people .
get out of … https://t.co/czyloqngnc
< user > some people are just retarded like that
i 'd rather be a bitch than a wannabe fuck boy that ca n't get shit .
sit your ass down and shut the fuck up already tree ass looking bitch .
what do you call this ( visualise a man standing with arms stretched horizontally and head hanging ) a shit way to spend easter
that nigga ice give new york niggas a bad rep
if by ' christian ' you mean hypocrites .
evangelicals threw their lot in with trump .
if you back trump , you ca n't claim to uphold ' christian values or ideals ' .
backing trump puts the lie to that claim from ' evangelicals ' .
to your point - the only anti - white thing i have heard of - is the checkpoints where caucasians report being stopped for body searches .
also , if you think caucasians have it bad , spare a thought for anyone of african origin .
how about working women ?
we appreciate great ass too !
:3
what 's the difference between an orphan kid and a down kid ?
the orphan does n't drool on the priest 's dick .
to : jc double taxed , 

 to add to my replies , there may be additional relief available to you in 1 ) tax treaties and 2 ) " totalization agreements "   entered into between the us and foreign nations .
the totalization agreements , in particular might apply in your case .
if you were potentially subject to pension schemes on both countries , you may not have had to contribute to both the us and as pension systems .
thus , they may have further alleviated any tax ineffficiencies in your particular ( unusual ) situation .
again , a basic problem that you have not fully explained to me is why there was not a full ftc allowed in your case .
and , while you may have suffered some inefficiency , you were not fully double taxed .
and , many us employers compensate their employees for   and such tax inefficiencies .
what do you call a catholic priest teaching a child how to pray ?
a handjob .
you 're right , i did n't think about that .
and we should be raising our children to not discriminate regarding of race , wealth , social status , etc .
just treat someone how you would like to be treated .
i just do n't feel right when you point out the race of children when trying to make the point of not treating people of a different financial standing .
she 's profiling the children at the same time as she 's teaching a lesson of compassion .
all of the intersectionality olympics are bullshit , and you 're shit for playing them too .
why do they need to make sure they check off as many of the " oppressed minority " boxes they can when deciding who to put on a bill ?
just to please some shrieking harpies , and you shrieking about which boxes did or did n't get checked is just as bad .
so it is a case of " your hobby is n't my hobby , so , therefore , you should n't practice it . "
good to know .
also glad to know that you decide that someone is an adult or not based on their hobbies .
what hobbies do you feel are sufficiently " adult " ?
crossword puzzles ?
knitting ?
or is this a situation where i should n't have a hobby because i 'm a woman and therefore should be raising children ?
at the @britishmuseum # mangaexhibition visitors are greeted by mimi the hare transforming gender ... with no explanation , it 's seemingly just for fun !
manga has a long history of gender exploration & this is an inspired commission for the show . #
trans # museums # nonbinarylookslike url
< user > love how they dressed in nazi grey unniforms
what about ian hanomansingh ?
no there 's not a ' fundamental " problem with clerics .
that 's over generalization .
a very very very small percentage of priests abuse .
and even smaller percent of bishops white wash that behavior .
let 's put it in perspective .
a higher percentage of public school teachers sexaually abuse their students than do clerics .
do you therefore also say that there 's a fundamental problem with the teaching culture ?
of course not .
fix your logic and comparisons and come back .
the very small point you find in what damian said about priests and the sacrifice shows that in this small case he was guilty of what 's called the error of donatism ... it however does n't undercut his other points about identity .
every real nicca need a real bitch ! #
jayfacts
most of those have never had a mortal sin , either ( if you do n't accept the belief that all dirty thoughts , sexual excitement or masturbation is a mortal sin ) , so that is two times too many .
it is an adult sacrament that should not even be taught until after confirmation and maybe years after .
i remember dodging my father every saturday when i was a tween because he would ask me if i needed to go to confession .
this is a great way to put your kids off the sacrament for life .
bang on them christian assholes big rah the same mfers had us in slavery blast them assholes !
and i shall name my zygote " zygote " and then take my abortion pill in the privacy of my home .
i could do that as many times as necessary , as many times as i feel like it , and there 's nothing anyone can do about it .
i can be a zygote serial killer if i so choose .
and do the killing in your church while you sing praises to jesus .
here is the new link to the youth corps page !
flashback=&gt ; rep. nunes : obama officials who leaked general flynn transcripts face five years in prison ( video ) https://t.co/upbw47mmtw
as anti gay as christianity is , it 's pretty funny how much time they spend in the kneeling position waiting for a guy to come for the second time credit to jimmy carr
christians are stupid sheeps   and their priests are psychos
this was the worst night of my life .. now into those fucking dizzy feelin
mississippi cops fatally shot an undocumented man they mistook for a domestic violence suspect want the best of vice news straight to your inbox sign up here when local mississippi police barged into the home of an undocumented auto mechanic in < number > they had the wrong g …
i 'm surprised and disappointed by the language used here as if the play by play by the entire incident is a confirmed fact :    " . . .
for dragging another student out of her chair by her hair . "
and " the girl also hit a substitute teacher . "
rachel , who gave you this information ?
were you there ?
does not standard journalism ask that you attribute your sources or recognize that these are alleged allegations ?
it is not until your 3rd and 4th paragraph that you get to " . . .
according to the police bureau and   " . . .
police say . "
as with any heated incident , maybe especially in a middle school , you can find multiple perspectives .
did your interview the accused ?
did you try ?
did you wonder how she was handled by police ?
do you trust police to throw you down to the ground and handcuff you ?
i 'm a white male and even i would n't trust them in that situation .
did you check to notice that charges were dropped soon after she was brought to the station ?
i expect better reporting .
if you are viewing the posts to the above article .
my post with 18 comments is not been displayed it can only be found by repressing / reinstating ( most reactions or newest first ) and then ensure that it is initialized 

 the church teaches that the only option open to a gay christian is celibacy and if they should sin they are in exactly the same position as all of the unmarried , the sacrament of penance is available to them and in this regard , they are treated equally .
for young christian gay adults , the options appear to be stark , etc 

 taken from my article a bond of divine mercy in the link below , perhaps some may consider reading it .
http://www.v2catholic.com/background/2015/07/2015-07-25kevin-walters-a-bond-of-divine-mercy.htm 

 kevin your brother 
 in christ
< user > no it is impossible for a jew to be a nazi its like calling a black person a white supremacist
go shoot up a school 💪
secretary of state colin powell with cia director george tenet sitting directly behind acted like they were swearing on a stack of bibles when then they told the american people and the world that saddam hussein reconstituted his chemical weapons program including the story of a mobile chemical weapons factory .
what they did not say is all of their ' evidence ' was unsubstantiated information from a single iraqi dissident defector that west german intelligence officials nicknamed ' curveball ' .
nixon claimed he nothing about the watergate breakin and bill clinton spoke with convinction he never had sax ' with monica lewsinsky .
mcmaster never denied the basic new york times claims , he only used word gymnastics to refute the premise of the story and then refused to take questions .
looking more like trump is a one year , not one term president .
impeachment and removal from office is becoming more & more of a reality .
the bombshell will be comey , if comey flips on trump after getting fired
and it 's not christian either .
sickening how trump 's phony   " christians " turn their backs on christ 's teachings .
1/ i 'm so sick of this shit .
i want us to divide into 2 countries .
you fucking rednecks can have your red states , shoot each other up , make your 11 year old daughter have as many babies as you like , and praise your white jesus .
fuck education .
embrace your stupidity .
i think if men could just experience a day one period sneeze , all this sexism and misogyny and asking folks to smile would stop by 97 %
just watched the video of the muslim attacking the dutch crippled kid how weak are these fucks they intentionally pick weaker targets and still this guy could barely down a cripple the dutch kid stayed strong and defended himself well dispite his disadvantages
rt @brotlps : i m fucking done https://t.co/1ddg9akesc
the private sector can do whatever it wants - just not with our tax dollars .
imagine if this is all part of the “ master plan ” .
suppose kat kealoha knew what happens in cases like this so she got her paperwork in order prior to the $ 41 t hitting the fan .
she has a plan to get acquitted of all charges .
public defender paid by taxpayers , case goes away , and she and her husband get all of their assets back in tact .
that would be really disturbing .
@arnlinp6603 i do n't feel discriminated against or feel like i 'm in danger at all .
diversity is beautiful and there 's always room for more of it , in my opinion .
also today jason decided to not use the power of veto keeping alex 's nominations the same with jessica and dominique eligible to be evicted this thursday # bb19
yes , if the catholic church were not so darned ... catholic ... we could join the lds and the anglicans in changing dogma on the fly .
some minor notes ... the " committee discussing birth control " was not granted any authority to approve or disapprove anything .
it was supposed to be giving the holy father some pros and cons to consider .
and its report was not for public consumption , but was " leaked " .
when we talk about " chance " , we mean if something is certain the probability is " 1 " , and if absolutely positively can not occur the probability is " 0 " .
when you write " during vatican ii the chance existed to change this ... " we 're looking at 0 .
it does n't matter who finishes 2nd or 3rd , leafs are n't at a disadvantage playing in ottawa - there may actually be more leaf fans at the games at the scotia tire centre .... and mlse do n't " need " the extra gate revenue to prop the team up the way melnyk does ... i want the leafs to finish 2nd just so that melnyk has a better chance of selling fewer tickets .
lmao ... if the idea that " women who have sex before marriage ( or do n't cover their face or what ever other barbaric shit ) are unclean and have sinned " comes directly from the book then " honor killings because my daughter / wife has sinned and is unclean " also comes from the book ...
they 'll be hiding in dubai switzerland & other " safe havens " while millions of innocent people will be dying .
behind they will leave a barren country filled with terrorizing scavengers , hungry people & murdering savages like they did with other african countries they also ravaged
publicly funded unions have one goal- to stay funded .
how do they do that ?
fail .
have to say they have done a very good job at that .
and i volunteered tirelessly for my kids and for their first elementary school , a high at - risk demographic that we parents were responsible for getting accredited .
i am not against public education- i am opposed to public theft while our kids flounder .
can you say pera ?
marxist bolshevik elements on the left have clearly indicated via various news reports that they will resort 2 any form of violence if necessary they really do not care how they r perceived by the general public < user > point all they want is 2 preserve their obamanation at all costs basedstickman
mrichards : the problem is that justice was n't permitted a proper role in this case .
the matter was too important to be secretly debated and determined by cabinet .
it should have been adjudicated out in the open in the courts .
based on statements made over the past week by harper and his ministers , it appears they were n't afraid of being subjected to such public scrutiny .
why , then , was the trudeau government so terrified ?
i think it 's an interesting question but unfortunately is one the public will never get answered .
we 're just stuck with the potentially negative implications of trudeau 's settlement .
someday soon christ name will die .
soon bibles will be burned .
soon very soon you will eat fellow christians to stay alive .
wwjd
blessed samhain and happy halloween to all of my stormfront brothers and sisters .
put the thooka down pussy nigga put yo fist up
< user > not one is squeaky clean sharlotans and schysters one big schlenter we have been raped by all the politicians not in my name
this nigga nipsey really dead smh
another fucking disney movie ruined and at the end she is going to be a men
more pathetic leftist drivel from the globe and mail 's anti - judeo - christian minister of propaganda .
she needs sectioned , severe mental illness right there .
just doing my part as a white guy 🤙
yeah , i meant to say " came to their senses minus $ 100 k "
what is the difference between 9/11 and r / greyjokes ?
r / greyjokes is n’t funny
stop being a hoe
so nuking africa would n't affect the whole world ?
your low iq is revealed in your comment .
if women were n't meant to be sluts , eve would n't have fucked the first guy she met
" @lordreptah ya better put " " dedicated to jojo n his bootleg gucci purse " " at the beginning , hoe ( i m joking ) "
" go fuck yourself . "
if the abrahamic god is the one we 're talking about , he 's a goddamn cunt .
you do not live in america nazi faggot but you vote the young nazi boy faggot parties tho
old white people really think they are entitled wow do not doubt the power i have over your exams bitch
< number > unlike the islamic world the west cherishes human life so we do not need muslims to teach us how to love < number > religious groups which facilitate refugee immigration are paid by the head making venture catholic lutheran churches lead in this operation
jesus never met a chinaman
talk is cheap .
< user > < user > < user > < user > you called them white nationalists and racists when you are the only one bringing up skin color here put down the racism bud try being just an american for once
since you refuse to read { the dogmatic constitution } dei felius { or perhaps you just ca n't understand it } , i will recite the pertinent teaching on the nature of dogma : " for the doctrine of faith which god has revealed has not been proposed like a philosophical invention to be perfected by human ingenuity , but has been delivered as a divine deposit to the spouse of christ to be faithfully kept and infallibly declared .
hence , that meaning of the sacred dogmas is perpetually to be maintained , which our holy mother the church has once declared .
nor is that meaning ever to be departed from under the pretense or pretext of deeper a comprehension of them " .
get it ?
dogma does not change .
your proposition that it does , contrary to both the church 's extraordinary and universal and ordinary magisterial teaching , is -- at best-- materially heretical .
... super fakey bigot racist sexist ' christians ' stick together of course ...
so apparently poeople do nt like it when you say you want to kill yourself it d true though
many reasons i just know when m billions of blax muzzeez la raza jews and christinas say they want to exterminate all white people and start doing it i believe them
remember how we talked about people who tweet in all caps too often are fucking insane and sound dumb as shit well we have one of them in the white house tweeting like that
fanatic ? ? ?
wow you have no issue with other religions but becouse your ilk gives the social license to slag christianity and only christianity you do it ! ! !
fyi , junior with the pope today - ooops ! ! !
yes left wing hypocrisy at its finest .
< user > < user > < user > < user > you called them white nationalists and racists when you are the only one bringing up skin color here put down the racism bud try being just an american for once
as well as to promote islam and confuse christian values anyone not helping muslim refugees is not a good christian although they believe in the antichrist and christ was just a man
everybody wanna sell a caesar salad with a nasty ass caesar dressing , like how that work & # 129300;&#128580 ;
what ’s the difference between a middle school and an isis base ?
do n’t ask me , i ’m just the drone pilot .
* pidgin .
not 🐦 .
🐵
cartels and illegals at it again ?
trump had more fat women walking in one day today than michelle obama was able to do in < number > years educating liberals < user > 😂 😂
we should ban the bible , the entire thing is filled with rape , murder , abortions , and pillaging .
i feel it 's important to point out that the rally in charlottesville was not just racist .
it was anti - semitic and it was anti - lgbtq as well .
the slurs the nazis and kkk were using moved from racial slurs to gay slurs to anti - semitic slurs with frightening regularity .
they wanted to make sure they terrorized certain groups of people and they did just that .
jewish folks , lgbtq and people of color are now feeling trepidation when walking home alone at night in charlottesville ( and many other areas of this country ) .
i only mention this because trump has already broken his word on " supporting lgbtq people " and it makes me wonder if that 's who he 'll hit next in order to rally his base again .
since the nazi 's were very vocal in their gay hate rhetoric in charlottesville , i think it 's a subject that should be discussed openly and honestly before something bad happens and catholics wish they had spoken against the homophobic rhetoric being spewed by the nazis .
my two cents worth .
🤧   the limousine liberal jews and wasps who want to assuage their white guilt .. sjw maladjusted gays and nigs so they can pester and bother me ; bullshit wack monotheist judeo - christianity values that 's i 'm suck when i leave chinatown
trump hates muslims , people of color .
never forget his 2 racial remarks .
" i hate blacks counting my money " ( then he fired blacks in his casino ) .
" i want to kill muslims with bullets dip in pig 's blood "
united nations is like a dead horse .
it is blind over non - muslims terrorism on muslims . #
terroristindia # terroristisrael . #
freeioj_k_and_ladakh # freepalestine . #
shameonuno .
does anyone else find it does n't difficult to find a white canadian woman to date who is not looney lefty ?
he probably mad 'cause big 4x and stunna put pipe in his bitch
< user > i don ’ t take self help or career advice from white men or most white women most are too blind to poorer dynamics
mr reed!we have served at the same time overseas , i also was in the gaurds during that time .
but during that time , i did not receive a pfd , i had to prove i was there , sent my dd-214 and that was not proof .
so i missed out on that one .
but perhaps there will be others in the same boat as i.what than ?
trump responds to pelosi : ' make america white again ' is a ' very racist statement ' url
" like srsly if your employee tells you , " " what you 're doing / saying is triggering my ptsd " " then stop fucking doing it . "
am i free to report on the media now ?
what about the countless charges made by pretty much everyone on the campaign trail .
i confess that if my dad was running for office and somebody from monaco or another country said they had some interesting information on his opponent - yes i would probably want to know about it .
i am hoping that one day , maybe one day , those who say they are serving the country , would begin to do something worth while .
i am not holding my breath - just my vote .
idk who cry more servers or bitches with cheating niggas
why does it smell like black sesame mochi
i am not saying that adultery , rape and incest are acceptable and you know it .
you are using the logical fallacy of the straw man .
fallacious arguments in actual debate is taken as saying " i do n't have an actual argument " .
i am saying that a lot of the hooey that the catholic church teaches is tripe .
a specific example is in jpii 's theology of the body , 24 .
after citing matthew 5:28 , " everyone who looks at a woman with lust has already committed adultery with her in his heart " , he writes 

  christ did not stress that it is " another man 's wife , " or a woman who is not his wife , but generically , " a woman " ... even if [ a man ] looked at this way at the woman who is his wife , he could likewise commit adultery in his heart . (
theology of the body , chapter 24.4 ) 

 that a man can commit adultery with his own wife is ridiculous .
yet this is presented as a serious teaching .
do n't even get me started on that odorous pile which is humanae vitae .
so the prince and the princess were married in an incredibly grand celebration .
mata twins twinittowinit tmi
in other news ... water is wet .
bad bitches from oakland , she could beeee a model
these little girls at simons were telling me they like my huf socks , bitch go home & amp ; do your homework
i wish nyx was like benefit where they have artists in stores helping you , cus i d be the best at it .
release the fucking code my body ca nt handle these fake tweets anymore i keep getting a heart attack
every country that has 50 % or over muslims makes for other faiths or individuals very hard to live .
talking about being victim , how about thousands of indian who were tortured and killed because they would not accept islam .
what about their identity .
what about identity of countless christians in arabic countries : like iraq , syria , etc tortured and killed i totally horrific ways but muslims what about their victimization , what about their rights .
those articles written about current situations in this newspaper are totally pathetic .
it ’s a joke .
lets pray it happens so these racists go back to sleep .
theocrat bitch
i 'm solid brick , i look cold and damp , and i smell exotic like toxic mold .
" " " a true critic ought to dwell rather upon excellencies than imperfections . " " -
joseph addison tomiho forlondonbarriofiesta "
what 's the difference between jesus and a hooker ?
hookers do n't hang around for 6 hours after being nailed .
all this crap with trump may be going on does not mean i can not wish my dear naija a happy 5 9 th 🇳 🇬 🇳 🇬 ❤ ️ ❤ ️ naijaat59 nigeria at 59 nigeria independence africa
< number > unlike the islamic world the west cherishes human life so we do not need muslims to teach us how to love < number > religious groups which facilitate refugee immigration are paid by the head making venture catholic lutheran churches lead in this operation
its not unlike the catholic church selling indulgences for people to get into heaven .
the more you pay , the closer to god you get .
fucking fagot burn in hell
stay on these nigga 's neck folk
thanks , efc11270 , i appreciate the instruction .
women , do you have any empathy for single guys ?
you should stop inbreeding you low iq shitskin imbecile .
also stop using phrases you do n't understand the meaning of , it just reveals your 68 iq .
peope are so sick , i seriously hate this one person with a passion , chat shit but get shitty bum in person ! !
@bratavio destroyed you ! ! !
gary , you 've missed it , completely .
.
95%+ ?
of election spending is outside the various elections acts .
it is the era of permanent campaigns and big data .
want money out of politics ?
.
make narrow - casting based on internet browser tracking a criminal offense .
.
require paid trolls to identify that they are being paid , and by whom .
that would largely evacuate most of these blog strings .
.
require op .
res .
or paid trolling to be shown in financial statements and in   media fora as it occurs - and tax it .
.
make vote suppression a criminal offense .
.
make facebook subject to the fairness standard .
.
require mps and mlas to recuse themselves from voting on legislation involving campaign donors .
.
give elections canada ( + provinces ) proper criminal investigation powers .
.
mandate elections canada to maximize voter turnout , and revive door - to - door household enumeration .
.
hold a judicial inquiry into regulatory capture of the federal government by the oil industry , 2004 - 2015 .
trading the megaphone for the gavel in title ix enforcement
what 's the difference between a priest and a retard ?
the priest is behind a little and the retard is a little behind .
my biggest concern when i heard that pm trudeau was surrounding himself with several of mcguinty 's former ontario liberal advisers such as gerald butts and katie telford , was that the pair would help sow the kind of devastation that they played a large part in creating here in ontario and now wreak havoc at the federal level ( butts helped develop ontario 's green energy fiasco and telford was heavily involved in education portfolios ) .
looks like the ontario liberal imports may have also brought with them some of the mcguinty / wynne 's   shady fundraising schemes !
< user > i am a brit if you are talking about florida looks like he was a muzzie despite the wetback name
congratulations mr president !
enthusiastic support to make people dismiss and corrupt their personal beliefs in favor of the few 

 your concept of christianity is very , very different than mine .
why i can live among many different types of folks and still remain true to my self and my spiritual beliefs .
i also , at times , have chosen to not participate in an activity that i found bothersome .
those folks chose to serve the community w / opening a bakery and i bet they hoped to become financially comfortable too , would n't you say ?
if they 'd not wanted to meet the laws for serving our communities in this country , the usa , then they should have perhaps just been in a ' home ' business ( w/o opening a shop ) and baked their hearts out for those who do n't threaten to ' corrupt or taint ' their beliefs in any way .
personally ?
i think christians are pussy 's that act like that but that 's just personal observation ; and it 's mine .
i mean how else are we to share jesus 's love , compassion and hope if we just stick w / like minded ?
< user > < user > wow sexy legs lady in black pantyhose and black heels
why did jesus stop playing hockey ?
cuz he kept getting nailed to the board .
only issue is i hate pussies like you masquerading as a man , fuck off
so what if muslims become the majority ?
anybody who knows any muslims knows they are little different from any other religion or culture .
how often have you heard the muslim community balk at usury ?
almost never , and its too bad .
personally i think we ought to subscribe to that jewish and christian notion of forgiving debts every seven years .
but what can you do ?
it practically goes without saying that in a century canada wo n't be predominantly white .
so what ?
i lived in waterloo where some streets by the university are in chinese .
so what ?
i 'm going to burn in hell with the hindus and the muslims and anyone else that does n't believe in ... err .. who ? ?
oh yeah yahweh !
fuck off ! !
israel 's gay scene thrives in unexpected places - features - haaretz - israel https://t.co/wzw5he5onj code name : … https://t.co/fl0e6gh8oq
a priest & amp ; a rabbi walk through a forest where they find a boy strapped to a tree & amp ; unconscious .
the priest says , " should we screw him ? "
to which the rabbi replies , " out of what ? "
the twitter post in which l southern simonsen was exposed with her based trump hat nigger was made by a nazbol supposedly i am not too familiar with them it just funny that the white knights call some of us thot patrollers nazbol implying we are communists is alexander dugin nazbol
alabama : are you a woman ? .
were you raped ? .
did you get pregnant by your rapist ? .
do you want to get an abortion ? .
if the answer is yes to all questions , go fuck yourself .
because you re gon na look that rapist in the face for the rest of your life .
bitch .
lol trump is a fascist trump proves that he himself is a fascist with his every aktion word just look at his muslim ban not good
# suck my cock
are you serious ?
you want a comparison to the clinton foundation ? ? ?
this so called christian has been allegedly scamming other " christian 's " out of millions of dollars for years ... he 's been running a boiler room targeting poor people using jesus .... it 's disgusting
a man in charge of an organization that is so hated like the kkk should have been more careful .
president rodrigo duterte appointed jose antonio , special envoy of the president to the u.s. ; miguel ayala , special envoy to australia
what 's the difference between my computer and my girlfriend with paranoia my computers sleep function works
my body is a sacred temple ... only priest came inside it .
now this is something .
i want onew n minho to have dogs n all their dogs to take a family picture .
https://t.co/6hk2ttpdon
< user > whitegenocide means much more than eliminating people of white skin pigment it also means the destruction of the culture of freedom moral clarity what there is of it and human progress only whites in principle advance those ideas
baby was a black sheep baby was a whore baby gotten big and baby getting bigger baby got some then baby want more baby baby baby was a rock roll nigger
@roadrunnerdiego nigga you look bisexual .
get your toxic masculinity up and stop hating on future
how do you get a nun pregnant ?
dress her up as an altar boy
so apparently poeople do nt like it when you say you want to kill yourself it d true though
idk about just wanting to see white people get beat up .
i 'd say more specifically wanting to see an entitled white woman not get handled like a dainty flower because she 's white , while she actively resists arrest . "
treat her like you would anybody else " because if that was a black man in the car he 'd have been on that concrete much quicker .
i think you meant , pedro picked a pocket of precious packs of paychecks and purveyed the precious , purloined paychecks to puerta punta .
the number < number > secret to a long lasting relationship .
< repeat > have lots of money .
there is a missing piece to all this .
yes , the c - series is an impressive piece of technology to fall into airbus ' lap , but it is still yesterday 's technology ( aluminum airframe ) in some respects .
in a nutshell , boeing 's yellowstone roadmap was to develop a true composite aircraft in the 787 and then eventually re - invent its entire fleet in composites .
boeing deviated from that somewhat in the 737 max , but may have just been given the kick to get back on track , which could mean a true composite competitor to the c - series , potentially within a decade .
we should treat muslim refugees the same way that they would treat christian refugees they will beg to go back to their war zones
happy pride to gay & trans people of color happy pride to those who are still closeted and live in abusive households that do n't value their existence i love you all
trump had more fat women walking in one day today than michelle obama was able to do in < number > years educating liberals < user > 😂 😂
israelis are no better than nazis
ugh i 'd have to do so much self - improvement to find love again and i just do n't know if i want it that much .
" you have a select vision of what constitutes acceptable religions . "
why would you think that ?
how the fakenews would report on jesus driving the money changers from the temples in a contemporary fashion with jews you lose
here is your card ... 


 https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dnmuygtwaae7dkc.jpg
two priests are driving down the road when they are stopped by two police officers .
" we 're looking for two child molesters , " the officers tell them .
the priests look at each other before they speak . "
we 'll do it . "
heard that homo < user > ‍ little < number > < number > < number > inch wiener gets rock hard everytime he hears an alt righter say nigger wetback or faggot classic sadistic degenerate you know why he here fam
i would be interested in reading a more in - depth piece about how the residents are doing and what the turnover ( if any ) has been like !
great initiative and a good start .
it 's unacceptable that lgbtq americans still face discrimination in employment , housing , and education in parts of the u.s. today , i was proud to vote to pass the # equalityact to ensure that our lgbtq brothers and sisters receive full civil rights protections .
uk is willing to honor the achievement of a gay man .
here in us , we are still unwilling to release the new $ 100 bill of harriet tubman all because of a few racists in the government who ca n't stand handling a couple of bills that might feature an african american
the veil of this world has been lifting , wonder why you see and feel thinks you 've never experienced before
my mother calls masturbation a sin .
my priest calls it penance .
“ thank you for understanding and recognizing we ’re supportive of this national day in a significant corporate way . ”
does nobody check these inane statements before they are issued from head office
i like your form of christianity ... others i view as small minded cased ' christians ' super fakey surface level morons ...
saks fifth going crazy , spend it all on my lady & # 128176;&#128540 ;
there is nothing sacred about this land .
drilling will have a truly negligible impact .
he got in with lies and not facts , 
 and real quick called up goldman sachs .
when the poor loot stores 
 or die in trump 's wars 
 ---as the mentally ill can buy guns again and the nra 's stranglehold on democracy strengthens ... 
 ... as christianity begins to call the shots more often in supposedly secular government ... 
 ... as national parks and protected lands get occupied by industries and ruined ... 
 ... as the rich get richer ... 
 ..... you 'll realize that rhyming and calling people who are justifiably scared " whiners " was ridiculous .
the canadian legal profession is absolutely infested with dirty faggots dykes trannies these perverts persecute normal souls especially christians cursecanada cursethecrown
internet autistic ppl , 2007 : mom hate jokes .
internet autistic ppl , 2013 : jew hate jokes .
internet autistic ppl , 2019 : black hate jokes .
internet autistic ppl , 2020 : autism hate jokes .
nick the spic le < percent > face mr being catholic pedophile is more important than being white
blah blah blah   - no mercy or justice for women and we make up half of the church so i do n't see any success as this writer claims to the year of mercy .
and to top it all off , our church helped support the u.s. catholics electing a monkey to the white house .
yeah church ! !
great job ! !
why would i waste my time doing something boring at the gym when i can just not eat anymore ?
obama deported more illegals than any president .
illegals should vote republican .
the are conservative christians .
but most republicans are racist fat old men with no education and worship a bible .
i love trump , i just ca nt stand hateful republicans .
they should be sent to assad for gas treatment and replace them with real christians from latin america .
islam is trash
additionally and as reported previously , the scoc in ruling on the line 9 reversal ; said that they were not going back to review the pipelines historical approval based on present day conditions .
this would seem to apply to the bc kinder morgan trans - mountain initial pipeline approval , which is of a similar nature .
just so we are on the same page , what specific actions by foreign governments were you referring to that the left does n't like ?
" " " why did the chicken crossed the road ?
cause you did n't fucking cook it . " " -
@gordonramsay "
@chefboyrnach vegeta a super hoe then .
but he did snack goni up something fierce during buu saga : wow :
u.n. chief issues ‘ red alert ’ against nationalism , xenophobia , climate change for 2018 
 united nations secretary - general antónio guterres said in his new year proclamation sunday that nations around the globe should unite to fight nationalism , xenophobia and climate change .
i guess that i , an arab muslim woman who leans a little to the left , is an incel right - wing nazi .
online chat rooms are full of perverts .
i got talking to a girl called bethany2007 who said she was going to show my dick pic to her father !
subaru actually marketed on xena warrior princess in the 9 0 because it was a lesbian show and their research showed dykes droves subaru
if webster was a pimp i would love to be one of his ho 's
man ... e3 this year was actually accurate for once ... ... ea said that madden was getting more serious !
i did n't believe them .
other countries say the same thing about u evil inbred child molesting land invading savages from the caves of europe
how do you get a nun pregnant ?
dress her up as an altar boy .
her dad looks black to .
maybe he was passing & did n't realize his wife was to lol .
lines area these is one big garbage graveyard .
no prpr water distribution , choked & amp ; boiling gutters , no playground .
subaru actually marketed on xena warrior princess in the 9 0 because it was a lesbian show and their research showed dykes droves subaru
this bitch has amazing cock sucking lips
" germany has some of the world ’s strictest gun laws , but illegal weapons remain a threat " 

 http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/germany-has-some-of-the-world%e2%80%99s-strictest-gun-laws-but-illegal-weapons-remain-a-threat/ar-bbuiule?li=bbnb7kz 

 anti - gun folks will have to do a little thinking here but i 'm sure the light bulb will go on if they want to think .
white students allegedly pin down black girl forcefully cut her nappy dreadlocks fake news media where is new headline mentally ill black girl lied about being attacked by white boys amari allen
my wife said what do you want for your birthday i said ooo i do not know maybe a blowjob my wife gave me a wink and said i am sure something can be arranged i said ah brilliant here a list of women i d like you to ask
purple head ugly guy girl .
shameful shame on her .
yes i am a black american from detroit michigan .
the zio jews are carriers of the biggest inferiority complex globally ... they have to keep repeating their two mantras ... the shoah and the supremacy ... to raise themselves from their obvious innate inferiority !
url
airports are my least favorite places , and the only places where cnn is not mercilessly and rightfully ridiculed .
dedicated to teaching , discussing and collaborating about creating learning solutions
makes me wish we little people could still moniter the scanner traffic .
encrypted public safety information is an elitist abomination , or worse ... 

 i too am wondering about a bad batch of heroin hitting the streets .
heroin is a chemical tragedy , a wave of suffering .
and the u. s. government policy is to facilitate opium production by afghani crime lords .
opium poppy production increases under the dope bosses there every year , while intravenous drug abuse in the u.s. has more than doubled in that same time interval .
proper medical intervention in this national epidemic should be of utmost priority .
this is a mass human medical emergency .
that nigga ice give new york niggas a bad rep
or if you do it in such a way that your criminal justice system punishes some races more often and more severely than other races .
i do nt even like ..... ja ... a .... i m sorry i ca nt say it even as a joke i love jaal no april fools from me
i saw the predator today .
then i snuck in to see the nun . *
typical catholic boy
i 'm not accepting that the outrageous decisions of pers should obligate oregonians .
saying " we have a contract " does not mean you have the moral high ground .
i showed a bunch of christians a grotesque video of a man putting screws into his penis .
none of them were fazed .
i guess they 've seen a prick get nailed before .
muslims are hell bent to exterminate christians ,   jews and    especially other muslims .
islam is a death cult , and you guys criticize trump for trying to stop them .
even putin is on the wrong side of history and he gets less bad press .
johann was n't being a racist as religion is not a race .
he was being something of a bigot- from his other posts i could n't imagine him saying the same thing about any non - christian religion- as in " isis is pretty much a muslim issue .
muslims own the problem .
fix it "
nazis have requested dan be put in a wheelchair so he can not get to women or the thermostat to knock them out
i swear preachers are the pettiest in the world .
some of you really need to find a life and stop always trying to stir up mess .
get a life .
grow up .
too funny .
ra :   do n't forget to note that for the first time jz did not react " like " to her own posting .
wonder what that means ?
apparently she does n't like her comment .
hmm ....... sorta strange , eh ?
afterall like   ricknro comments who could not " like " that post ?
my blood is boiling .
jahannam awaits all those who harm the slaves of allah .
url
i 'll never forgive them , never forgive they put my heart to the test for all the harm they have done double bang in their mother
small ball is only fun to watch if you 're winning .
period .
@scottmorrisonmp ban all religion and australia and the world would be a happier place !
secondly i do not support sending sheep and cattle by live export to these countries just so they can slit their throats inhumanely !
time to call for these countries to ban inverted slaughter boxes . #
auspol
only 4.7 to 7.6 % of allegations false ?
really ?
about 2007 i gave evidence in ireland to the ryan commission to inquire into child abuse , as part of the group “ let our voices emerge ” which represented persons falsely accused of abuse .
we stressed that leading members of four different “ victims ' ” groups had made clearly false allegations against the christian brothers and the sisters of mercy e.g. that they had murdered children in their care .
some of these murder allegations related to periods when no child died of any cause ( so these are lies rather than delusions . )
i coined the phrases “ murder of the undead ” and “ victimless murders ” re these claims .
a version of documentation that i gave to the commission can be seen here : 
 http://www.irishsalem.com/irish-controversies/allegations-of-child-killing-1996to2005/suntribune25may06.php 

 none of the " victim " leaders who made preposterous claims resigned , which must also say a lot about the credibility of the ordinary members of the groups !
your examples of moral equivalency fail to hit the mark by a long shot .
first of all , the united states is not a christian nation .
european countries -- forget about it !
secondly , no one commits atrocities in the name of our savior .
islamic terrorists regularly kill and enslave in the name of islam and even cry out " allah akbar " when committing their crimes against humanity .
a genocide against christians is taking place right now in islamic countries .
the atrocities against women and gays are unspeakable .
christians and muslims have a different understanding of the god of abraham .
for muslims , this god is pure will .
for christians , god is love .
sanders could still save us all , you know .
but no amount of psychotherapy will unwind the pathological and predatory harm given actual substance and form in the world by these psycho trumpists and their beast - clown mascot .
their desecration of beloved symbols and progressive values and human virtue itself fill hearts and lives with palpable despair .
their vandalisms of society through government policy and wrongful collusion with both corporate and private oligarchy as well as the pathological american taliban - esque sociopathic anti - christ " christian " extremists make them tantamount to isis in the white house .
nobody has the right to deplorably attack the civilized world , truth , progress , decency , liberty , equality , justice , nor global peace and stability .
1 .
did you read our faq on un - asked - for amas ?
2 .
which netflix series is more racially insensitive : dc 's black lightning or marvel 's luke cage ?
3 .
o you have any evidence that the mythical jesus - character ever existed ? (
historians would appreciate this , since no such evidence actually exists ) 4 .
we inow that the exodus never happened , and that the garden of eden is just a myth , and without those , there is no such thing as ' sin ' , so what purpose did the jesus - character serve ?
5 .
all christians , by definition , are terrorists .
no exceptions .
what is it like to be a terrorist ?
uh he wasn t a kid and i am positive heaven is not being turned into a nigger ghetto
i would support cutting the oas qualification level by 50 % .
it 's beyond ridiculous that the clawback does n't start until a single senior reaches $ 72,000 and a couple reaches $ 144,000 in net income .
i 'd also put an end to income splitting for seniors .
this only benefits the best off seniors with private employer pensions .
it 's a disgrace when 30 % of single women over the age of 65 are living below the poverty line in canada .
this is a statscan number .
" rt @tebogo_senosi : who ever come up with this # handsoffzuma is an idiot " " ititit " " my foot zuma must gooooo ! ! "
when i say jew like i mean i read and think and i do not change positions like all you christian conservative faggots even if you call yourself racialists most of you really are just another whitewashed mewling christian cuntservative
how do i work so much amp still be broke adult hood is so ghetto
@bbnaijaupdates even if it 's true , how many times have u all stolen nd god forgave .. u all are talking as if u re without sin.mtcheeeeeeeeew
" the only people i know who voted for trump are all white men and women , rich , educated , high income , multiple property owners with vacation properties here in hawaii ... " 

 wow !
you sure do hang with the rich and famous !
how can i get invited to the parties and dinners you folks always attend ?
california has gotten so weak i was in the marine corps for years i ca nt believe how wussed out they are the same place i went to boot camp in 1981 i fired everything they had but could n't drink beer off the base ..... san diego is gorgeous tho
the internet should be free while ' entertainment content ' should have a nominal fee schedule attached .
why do n't you just dye your hair ?
good observation but the research to date ( and it is too early ) shows three categories of voters as workers : 
 a ) 100 million white high school educated 
 b ) 82 million minorities ( all education levels ) 
 c ) 48 million white college / associate level education 

 now , insert sanders - reality is that he would have not gotten anywhere near enough minority votes even if he had done much better than clinton with the 100 million white high school folks 

 and let 's face it - what we need is facts about - would sanders have picked up enough white , uneducated voters in wisconsin , michigan , and pennsylvania to beat trump ...... too much data indicates he would have done less well than clinton .
did jesus die a virgin ?
of course not !
he got nailed before he died
just like japanese chinese and the real asians hijacked asia and the right to be called actual asians therefore you can not claim asian unless yo eyes are slanted naturally pow 1 7 0 w 0 l gg no re
mr c , you are a racist moron spreading hateful garbage .
do some research about white cops being convicted for shooting black people and then you 'll shut your mouth in shame for having written such stupid garbage .
if we 're going to talk about which group is being demeaned as evil and demented i think it would be the one who you 're calling baby - killing communists who hate america .
just a guess .
a gay marriage is not obscene .
if you do n't like the idea of making cakes in a country where gay people have the freedom to marry then move to saudi arabia .
in regards to your broken analogy nobody is telling jews to serve non - kosher food or muslims to serve pork .
if they did want to serve those things , then they should serve those things equally to every customer .
now , if a pharmacy does n't want to serve the morning after pill they should n't be forced to carry a product they do n't want .
i agree with you there .
but when christians pass legislation to limit the choices for everyone , that i disagree with .
we can not make a world where christians never have to encounter things they disagree with .
that is a world of special privilege .
he did not make the cake , he chose to stop making cakes all together .
dear little tan girl .
just happened on to your insignificant little page with your silly little internalizing .
why do n't you go for a walk , come back and look in the mirror and see if you like yourself any better .
url
i guess i 'm more interested in bridging the divide between the petro incentive haters and the government spending haters .
of course they are n't directly related - but the growing pfd fight is between those two factions and i 'm interested in bridging that gap .
i think it 's what 's got the legislature stymied .
but then again i 've always felt the permanent fund should be used to fund government and not given out to individuals - and i am a lifelong 65 year old alaskan .
as for petro incentives i was here before oil - life was fine - and now i do n't care much either way about it .
i also do n't feel good about alaskans losing jobs due to government downsizing - but unless the oil revenue returns i do n't believe alaskans will ever vote to maintain anywhere near the government spending we have enjoyed .
i suspect that next year 's cuts will make this fiscal year look like a walk in the park .
who was jesus reborn as ?
hitler of course .
# revengesaveshumanity
surely you 're not suggesting building a pipeline connected to existing pipelines already in the center of the united states which connect with existing refineries in texas ?
heathen !
saint obama has issued a fatwa forbidding that concept in its entirety !
not or vomit bitches like a child
and could you tell me what happened in 1983 please ?
avalanche ?
plane crash ?
earthquake ?
earthquake was ' 64 , right ?
thanks much , and so sorry ! ! !
get a fuckign green card or passport or visa ... its not that fucking hard
at least you are honest and care to speak from a catholic platform , as it were , about how stupid the cc is -- now that it has been taken away from you -- by choice .
nothing like biting into an apple wrapped in plastic .
lol
welcome to the real alaska .
ruled by white male republicans cheistian fanatics .
hey do n't try to be inclusive for christ sakes !
because you know have to maintain your thread of control .
this is alaska people .
half really progressive and the other half mired in religious guilt and xenephobia .
i do n't want to hear about these fucking easter - twats , waving their xeno - boners around with their made up paranoia and hysteria .
< user > no reasonable person is gon na beat someone up for saying nigger but ppl ain t reasonable and white ppl need to know they will likely get beat up lol that s not special treatment welcome to black culture 🙃
what 's the difference between me and a priest ?
a priest fucks little boys , but little boys fuck me .
ah , so the popes , the magisterium , the councils and the teaching attributed to jesus christ pale into insignificance before your conscience .
would that i had such confidence in my own infallibility .
right now the battle for fox entrails being staged between snapchat stories and 18 facebook products .
i hate anime [ continues watching it and buying merch anyways ] fuck anime
fuck these bitches have them burned and killed and jailed   chirst christian capitalist morman jehovah witness scientology meth vokda immature sex exchange interracial bitches stealing money
or , apparently in the conservative echo chamber if a google search revealed nothing .
btw : you are off topic !
where would you have to say about john browns raid on a federal arsenal to distributed weapons to slaves in order for them to gain their freedom ?
abortion , the brutal murder of innocent unborn babies is a moral question just as large as was slavery was .
" if you do n't want to own a slave , do buy one " !
just went out for a walk and met the world 's most annoying man .
do n't leave the house without headphones in future .
why did jesus quit playing hockey ?
kept getting nailed to the boards
jesus once said " he who lives by the sword , shall die by the sword " jesus was also a complete hack .
with so many bad attitudes toward smaller oil companies regurgitating false talking points it is no wonder alaska 's oil production has dropped from over 2 million to 500,000 on the north slope and oil also had a massive decline fron 270,000 barrels per day to 15,000 in the cook inlet .
keep up the insults and harsh attitudes and see what that gets !
soon no one will produce enough because of poor treatment like this attack on hilcorp by the aogcc and people like estun !
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
amen we need whites < number > make invent enuff stuff < number > keep us maybe others alive pro immigrant shitlib heads spin when u say so you are < number > pollution sadly that when they say that why i am not having children so you are against nature ur against fulfilling the measure of your creation
a russian peasant travels to moscow and learns about the wonders of the big city .
what 's his name ?
krokodil dundee
how do you get a nun pregnant have the alter boy shit in her vagina
that grotesque image of a woman is a demonic entity arisen to undermine all western civilization , along with her 3 demonic cohorts .
maybe i 'm just american an far removed from india at this point even though my parents are from there but ca nt we all just get along .
modi has done some great things for the country and almost every indian prime minister has been known for creating some human right violations .
maybe muslims need another guy like mustafa kamal atatürk to force us to be more secular and peaceful .
and what you neglect to mention in your attack on republicans is the actual truth .... 

 " but as famous as the carter installation   —   and subsequent reagan removal   —   was , it was george w. bush administration that installed the first active solar electric system at the white house ( carter ’s panels were largely symbolic , though they were used for heating water ) .
in 2002 , multiple solar grids were installed on the white house grounds .
the installation was done quietly , with far less fanfare than carter ’s , but the panels provided energy to several white house operations . "
and that is from thinkprogress.org 

 and so the this attack on republicans does n't have much bite afterall , does it ?
love basit .
this entire show has got me thinking about how i personally view sexuality not only for others but for myself .
i really appreciate it .
speak for your self white man .
to the best of my knowledge , black folks have never made a political statement by killing white people while they were praying in church .
in this country , killing black people while they are praying is a white thing .
it is part of our american heritage .
there are pictures .
in fact , many white folks resent it when people say black lives matter .
they seem to take the idea that black lives matter as a threat .
what is threatening about valuing black lives ?
maybe , if white folks admitted they invented the race card when they decided that being white was more important than being human , we can solve this problem of racial injustice .
they had to invent it to justify building the nation on ethnic cleansing and race based slavery .
clearly , christianity does not prevent white racism .
sunday morning is still the most segregated time of the week in america .
you are right about one thing , that white folks need to look in the mirror to begin to end racism in america .
tfw u do nt trust any of ur friends anymore coz they all lefties and u are trying to hide frrom them ; pppp ty # gab <3
once we eliminate , wipe out white people , there would n't be any more this racist bullshit . #
antifa
what do muslim women get from allah for being a suicide bomber because mohammad glimpsed hell and said it was full of muslim women serious question
mercy for a thing — the earth .
that is contrary to nature , reason , and common sense — preposterous .
check the word preposterous in a thesaurus and you will find absurd , crazy , excessive , fantastic , foolish , impossible , and no less than twenty eight other words , all of which can be applied to “ mercy for the earth . ”
what will be next ?
will earth day become a holy day of obligation for catholics ?
uh - oh , i just might have given a liberal catholic an idea — or , perhaps not ; their erroneous pseudo - reasoning is so preposterous that i ’m sure it ’s already in the works .
jerry jones man crush on romo is why the cowboys have not performed well .
< user > some people are just retarded like that
" you like girls or boys actually ? "
url
no .
that 's the old sears .
canada and the states stand out as they are federations , not many others come to mind ?
" arabian " .
these idiots have n't studied history .
arabians had n't gotten to judea until 700 ad
+ garudalegends south africa was created by whites .
blacks did n't move in till later .
just like any great city , blacks destroy it .
you might think that 's being racist , but it 's factual .
look at detroit , baltimore , st louis , etc .. very dangerous cities .
why does it smell like black sesame mochi
we 've heard that before as nauseum .
ai n't going to happen as the palestinians and their hamas cohorts will be crucified .
the palestinians have too much to lose including any chance at a negotiated resolution for statehood .
besides , israel is not a party to the rome statute or has not accepted the court 's jurisdiction by filing a declaration with the court .
nick the spic le < percent > face mr being catholic pedophile is more important than being white
wow i 'm really glad that belmont put a hold on my account the day before registration even though i owe them $ 0 :-) ha ha ha
i do n't see it as ' slavery ' , just a permanent entitlement mentality which will never end .
successes such as those of dr. benjamin carson , general colin powell , or any successful black person , must be ignored by charles because they do not match his racist views of permanent and total oppression by anyone who does n't have his particular skin color .
no doubt the appointment of the new dean of the u of o law school , who i see from her picture appears to be a black woman , is yet another example of the continuing oppression by those who are clinging to ' 1950 's white privilege ' .
his racism can not be disturbed by facts .
his tombstone will read :    " a victim of 1950 's white privilege " .
early christians locked the doors during liturgy so no one would break in and kill them .
now christians will have to lock the doors so faggots wo n't break in desecrate the church
nta .
we should genocide christians
what 's the difference between a catholic priest and acne ?
acne does n't come on kids under 12
i ain ’ t even gone speak on it just know niggas ain ’ t who they claim to be on this social media shit
if it fails .
trumpcare is certain to fail .
if you are a white lady who ready to call me a nigger but in a loving way hit me up ❤ ️
< user > < user > you must be seriously retarded
starting to get tired of niggas
i guess this nigger and his mudshark are unaware of the merchant this is some hilarious trolling
how low can these monsters go ?
come on iran , nuke these evil fucks already .
find a girl to fuck like this at url url
you so fucking outta line feel like you owe me checks , owe me time
this is sad on a number of fronts .
firstly paul or paula is a male , so it 's a ' he ' regardless how he may feel .
if i , a descendant of arabs decide i feel like i am black , can i demand to be classified as such ?
second , the slavery or heliocentric exemples as old ' christian ' beliefs that are now outdated is at least ignorant , there is nothing in the bible that supports chattel slavery , nor heliocentrism .
absolutely nothing !
thirdly , a church embracing the gay or transgender lifestyle as pleasing to god is no longer practicing christianity , rather their own invented religion .
the church is to welcome all but not condone all behavior .
if this mans original church mistreated him that 's wrong but they were quite within their rights to fire him provided they did so in a fair and equitable manner .
if an imam on a mosque became a hindu , he no longer hold islams values so why should he not be fired ?
< user > love how they dressed in nazi grey unniforms
can you explain why the cardinal from australia who has been " invited " again back to australia to answer some questions is still in a position of at least nominal power ?
he has given me scandal , lots of it , and i do n't want a scandal monger to tell me which end is up .
there are women actually being raped and too scared to say anything because nobody will believe them .
it 's absolutely disgusting that someone would lie for profit .
not only do you make yourself look bad , but you make it so much harder for a lot of victims of rape .
@ucgk09yjricil1ftghobefzg i do n't know what bible your reading ? ?
leviticus 18:22 , 20:13 , romans 1:26 - 27 .
and i can go on and on !
what politics have to do with my opinion is relevant i do n't think it is .
being a homosexual is wrong period .
there are no gay animals .
just because you are sadly a brainwashed liberal idiot is your problem .
i 've got more scriptures maybe i should quote one for you that specifically says no fudge packing .
of course some are " arrogant " but then , so are some of the far liberal .
someone else referred to evangelicals as stupid .
of course some are but , let 's face it when it comes to " faith " and faith systems there is a tendency to leave fact and reasoning behind and fill the hole(s ) with emotion ( seeking something to be emotional about ) and judgment ( unhinged from reason ) .
a protestant clergyperson once made the comment to me : we suffer the tyranny of the " book " ; you suffer the tyranny of the " chair " .
revealing .
data seems to indicate that it was n't the uneducated , unemployed who " elected " trump .
just watched the video of the muslim attacking the dutch crippled kid how weak are these fucks they intentionally pick weaker targets and still this guy could barely down a cripple the dutch kid stayed strong and defended himself well dispite his disadvantages
force normies to choose between well dressed white men with american flags and smelly commie faggots with soviet flags antifa attacks us in such a scenario they lose antifa does not attack us they lose
good advice on keith .
and to reinforce your talk to him , document it , and have him sign that he has been briefed .
that way you 're covered , and it tells him you 're not fooling around .
offer him a copy after it 's signed .
what is the difference between stephen hawking and a paralysed nigga ?
even the pope wo n't fuck the second one
theresa may has recorded a video wishing jews a happy passover she did the same for moslems at ramadam it seems someone forgot to tell the old bag to do the same for easter or she thinks so little of christians she could not be bothered
western medias , including this author , have been spewing nonsense against chinese .
anyone listening to them will be misled .
this is the prove .
@malinablue just another pos fake christian con man .
these people are absolute scum .
@malala once a porki always a porki
@kwesting4 @4248 the current crop of fake christians are anti - gay , & anti choice .
they show their grotesque hypocrisy by supporting hateful policies & the criminal trump .
escaped religion in 77 !
have seen nothing to convince me i was wrong to leave .
if anything they confirm my atheism !
url
@kthopkins turning everything into their own shithole .
soon be intertribal riots . (
our god is better than yours ) .
this religious shit will be the end of us all .
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
yo i could walk backwards and the snow in erie will still hit me in the fucking face
we all know the jew'ish ' people are not the hebrew or even hebrew - israelites .
they are yiddish speakers and european decent .
its all over the internet .
why are we still talking about these imposters ?
the state - of - israel was created back in 1947 - 48 and we have been dealing with their soul - less extermination of palestinian 's of all ages .
being jew'ish ' is the same as being a christian these days :   the rest of us know its a sham - religion - man - made for a certain reason to present lies to the world and cover up who the real israelites are !
you do n't even deserve anything better then this .
you do n't even deserve a response .
you have less iq equal to each hair on a new born baby .
get the fuck outta here retarded piece of shit .
@gops333 good morning india dear mr. pm , terrorism in the valley will end by removing # article370 . ?
terrorism in the rest of india will end by making terrorists mps . ?
url
why is there so much gay subtext in my baby sitters a vampire
your mom is homosexual
except for women .
because they 're too dumb duh
just because she 's an oc with a well known name slapped on her & amp ; has the basic badass attributes does not make her better than laurel .
fuck off , i 'll read my own bible stories , butch .
get our soldiers out of ukraine .
as with harper , our ministers have the foreign policy in ukraine exactly backwards .
nato has been pushing kiev to attack eastern ukraine civilians - obviously the donbass is fighting for their existence , why else is kiev in their territory , the kiev solders do not live there .
why are we backing the aggressors ?
nato loses credibility with every statement like this .
we are the bullies here , and are clearly trying to start a war with russia , and have since 2014 .
the whole world will lose this war if nato gets their way .
at least mr. trump in the us appears to recognize this insanity to some extent , and is asking nato to prove its case , while giving russia a chance to exist .
trudeau and freeland apparently do not care and seem to be guiding us to will become ww3 .
a bold new future of eternal warfare for canada ?
boots , what law has donald broken ?
what makes you so brave ?
just another hack talking nonsense .
the person blood and honour interviewed claimed that their are no white power groups in ireland at the moment .
did your mri determine something an ultrasound or plain films could n't reveal ?
as hersh mentioned , did you require surgery because of findings that could only have been found on a mri ?
you might think you * needed * a mri , whether you did or not is a different story .
a lot of people with back pain think they need a ct or mri when the vast majority absolutely do not .
if you did need a shoulder mri , you would wait a few months more than likely and potentially longer depending on where you live .
access to tech and waiting for procedures is a problem , though not as extreme as many make it out to be .
the true scandal with wait times the ors being funded to run from 7 am to about 4 pm in most places , with only one or two open after hours for emergencies .
poor funding for or time has led to hundreds of under- or unemployed surgeons .
that 's why people wait , not because of a lack of specialists .
big smile on my face when i think about all the college snowflakes who were so close to banning free speech persecuting white males for being white and male popularizing feminism lesbianism and forwarding the end of times how suddenly shitty their lives must be speakfreely maga gab
i think it 's hilarious how major companies just suddenly start being supportive of lgbtq because of pride month just to go back to being static and donating to anti - lgbt organizations in july
what sucks about connecticut is that even with a bachelor degree i can not seem to find work and in this state they will only hire you if you are a special minority refugee or an illegal immigrant the democrats have ran out all the high paying jobs
why does n't jesus have sex anymore ?
people kept telling him to nail it in
promiscuity harms everyone .
aids comes from promiscuity , not homosexuality per se .
people acting out their natural sexuality appropriately harm no one but the reputational authority of those who care more about their doctrinal consistency than gays and lesbians , who often lose heart on religion because of such bigotry . (
a correct term , because it is scorn ignorant of knowledge ) .
pederasty is the most sinful thing because it is a form of rape .
it is mentioned in the bible .
do you really think that when jesus said any who lead one of these little ones astray , he was talking orthodoxy ?
it did not exist .
pederasty did .
< user > as harsh saying the best way to honour the murdered mp jo cox would be to get brexit done comparing black people to pickaninny muslim women to letterboxes no i do not believe it harsh at all
lies christians are kike lite revelation < number > < number > i know your afflictions and your poverty — yet you are rich i know about the slander of those who say they are jews and are not but are a synagogue of satan
unconfirmed backstory white girl refers to black girl as nigger on facebook black girl responds to prove her wrong
happy birthday yo the amazingly talented @chris_meloni & # 127874 ; hope you are enjoying your special well deserved day.&#129304;&#127998;&#128578;&#128077;&#127998 ;
they will literally ban you for saying men and women exist now
the neo pagan classical alt right will worship a genderqueer odin a gay hitler and the 3 rd season of the wire on blu ray gon na be big
not at my mom saying how gay ppl are an abomination and looking straight at me
bro he has n't gone to church in 3 years lol me an intellectual ( that 's probably not going to heaven xd):6 years
" " " you ca n't spell opinion without onion because everyone who has one can go fucking cry " " & # 128514;&#128514 ; "
why are preists called father ?
because its too suspicious to call them daddy
the most odd thing on 9 news last night was the fact that there was no mention of or questioning who was this , why would they do it ?
and also the reporter kyle clearly said , and i quote , they told is about it at 6:28 just minutes before it happened " wt _ ?
a day of meetings .
a day of notifications to catch up on .
uh .
will be doing so later .
hit me up on other medium if it 's an emergency .
how do black people lose their virginity ?
a herd of zebras .
how do white people lose their virginity ?
first communion .

reading the bible taking torah bible courses mandatory for any immigrant no matter what age then require they abandon islam i wish i were dictator when the king of kings comes back these folks will shrivel up in fear and run for their lives
for all you white people time to wake the fk up white people freed the blacks and gave them a future in the < number > the democrats stepped in with pres johnson and bought them back into slavery with welfare by destroying the family no father needed and urban ghettos were born
philbert and tommy are now lgbt+ icons .
hypothesis jews push miscegenation on whites because jews themselves race mix and religion mix in such high numbers that they do not want to feel like bigger oddballs than they already are in gentile nations like the us mixery loves company
eat her pussy till she cum , then keep going 🤤 🤤
white students allegedly pin down black girl forcefully cut her nappy dreadlocks fake news media where is new headline mentally ill black girl lied about being attacked by white boys amari allen
they do not have any entry visas .
they 're here on a loophole as fishermen and can not leave their boats and enter honolulu proper .
kinda hard for them to not want to escape .
very tempting .
that 's why we have no local boxing matches .
filipino boxers coming here on short work visas kept running away and immigrations ca n't find them .
pretty soon after all the mexicans are deported they will have time find out who writes down fake social security numbers on their work applications and round them up .
america was born off the genocide of native children , and the enslavement of black children .
if you want to play that game , i can tango .
< user > < user > completely makes me sick that all the children raped by muslim rape gangs are being silenced by the under reporting of it but the left wing media go off the scale when some women was touch on the knee < number > years ago 🤬
i say , god is dead so i 'll have my satan pray for you , loser
` ` thedark romance of dian fossey '' ( 1990 ) by harold tp hayes under the mentorship of noted anthropologist louis leakey , dian fosse spent 16 years in africa researching the last remaining mountain gorillas .
castration , hands cut off , tongue cut out , brand on his forehead .
hung upside down in public to receive the thousand cuts from women .
then slowly impaled up his anus on a tall sharpened pole .
we love sharia law by any name .
we just wo n't admit it .
count vladimir dracul ( dracula ) was a christian hero , who impaled moslems .
every video i 've been looking at i questioned if me , stacey and kelsi were black out but i should already know that answer & # 128557 ;
yep , forgot i had the thing wrapped in a jacket , went to grab the jacket and the thing came tumblin ' out !
when i was in t - ball as a kid , i could tell my coach was catholic as soon as i joined the team from the way he molested me the same way my priest did .
i mean like to a t.
my wife said what do you want for your birthday i said ooo i do not know maybe a blowjob my wife gave me a wink and said i am sure something can be arranged i said ah brilliant here a list of women i d like you to ask
i just saw a priest raping a black child !
holy fucking shit
hey i just moved here and do nt know anyone yet ... so if anyone lives around here i d like meet ya and hang out or something .
no one really knows if russia had anything to do with it at all .
remember the same corrupt establishment types also said iraq had wmd .
not believable anymore .
yeah it would have been so much better to let the nazis kill all the jews and all niggers and all the catholics and all the mud people and all the
people that are turning 17 this year were born in 2000 and that 's fuckin crazy man
@washingtonpost it is time to throw the glorious notorious tribe of the u.s.a. , the ordained by god as uber alles , the killer of children , into the garbage bin of history with a strong flush down a toilet or in a cesspoolt !
dumping shit on every single 50 stars of their flag and 50 states !
@gtiatjohn316 praying for children .
yeah but can i wear dresses if i m a man ?
sometimes i stand on grates on the side walk and let the aor blow my dreas up like i m marilyn monroe .
they 're attempting ethnic cleansing .
baby was a black sheep baby was a whore baby gotten big and baby getting bigger baby got some then baby want more baby baby baby was a rock roll nigger
we know what the vatican did to orthodox christians in bosnia & herzegovina .
stop your nonsense , else we will expose you completely nude ... you fellow @nmakarevic is a donmeh ... i can expose you very well ... donmeh 's have fooled muslims like anything ... @nailainayat
uh he wasn t a kid and i am positive heaven is not being turned into a nigger ghetto
i had insta just to bully normies
when trump boasted about his perverted sexual predations , the right fell all over themselves to excuse it and attempt to normalize it as ' just how the boys do ' .
even the self - proclaimed and self - styled ' righteous ' evangelical extremists decided they 'd just go ahead and accept trump and hold him close , never mind their christian hearts might go all aflutter .
used to be , for those self same evangelicals , even one divorce would summarily disqualify a candidate , but today , with trump , they do n't care if he runs through wives like some people do the number of new cars they might buy .
and the boasting and admitted perverted sexual predation ?
like trump did n't boast and admit his crime .
sexual perverts should pay for their crimes .
period .
as one , as a society we should condemn them and not allow them to escape punishment .
but , if you 're a right winger , you only act like you 're outraged if it 's not a right winger caught in their perversions .
no better example of the right 's hypocrisy
for fucks sake the negroe men in africa prefer their women to be lighter skinned in brazil likewise in other words only far left wing white people in europe claim to not see color
how do you get a nun pregnant ?
dress her up as an altar boy .
just say no , the last thing we need is to spend money on armies sent to prop up france .
there comes a day we say no , we bailed them out in 44 , 18 , and on and on no more there is no economic value to canada to have any dealing with france .
< user > so whites hate whites more than blacks hate whites your train of thought kind of lost me there
a white man callin me brotha is way more offensive than them just callin me a nigger
all i m saying is members of the opposite sex suck .
" this is the catholic bishops dream - women as cows . "
a truly sick , bovine thought .
hypothesis jews push miscegenation on whites because jews themselves race mix and religion mix in such high numbers that they do not want to feel like bigger oddballs than they already are in gentile nations like the us mixery loves company
that 's no excuse for stealing other people 's technology and research and intellectual property you 're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are and your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you 'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites you chinks are determined to eat every pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
at the end of the day albertans just want too : 

 1 ) tap the oil 
 2 ) get it to tide water 
 3 ) get paid big bucks for it 
 4 ) not have to pay a sales tax 
 5 ) if it blows up like mr manning suggests on occasion .
just shrug their shoulders and say,"not my problem .
not in my backyard ! "
probably the same wretches that burned the others .
what , no cameras ?
what a load of codswollop !
( look it up )
what we need to realize is that there is a world - wide market for health care in developed countries .
single payer systems in europe and elsewhere are effectively subsidized by the chaotic health insurance market in this country , which allows providers , medical device manufacturers , and drug companies to charge much more here , which in turns allows them to give big discounts to the single - payer systems .
so the hospitals wo n't go broke as implied in this article if the u.s. went single - payer .
medicare reimbursements would rise somewhat without a private insurance market , but not as much as private insurance is now reimbursing .
in turn , single - payer systems in other parts of the world would likely   have to reimburse more .
but the end result would be that it would be a heck of a lot cheaper than what we have now .
what is the difference between a priest and a zit ?
the zit waits until your 14 before it cums on your face .
amusingly , as a chapotrapworship disciple , you are statistically far more likely to be the incel here . ;)
or a mentally ill tranny , or a live in your parents basement fat neckbeard , or all of the above .
cause the guy does n't like a nasty gaping vagina like that ?
only dudes who get no pussy salivate at anything with a vagina .
< user > once we cut down the amount of illegal aliens coming in we can spend that money on americans
can we get more racial barrier breakers ?
please and thank you 😊
im pumpin straight coffee into my veins and getting excited to draw when will the caffeine hit me so ill finally be awakw
fuck the entire human population
gab is the ideal platform for ted cruz because of the hidden " likes "
code of slience pussy !
hm nigga free my nigga ceddy .
d ridah .
quan .
dollah .
dre n my nigga franc lukis n my nigga j mo
you can not pardon someone until they are found guilty .
as such , the plea bargain process may well have already taken place .
i certainly would n't trust trump to keep is word to pardon me in exchange for my not engaging in plea bargaining .
so , it 's actually more complicated resembling more of a prisoners dilemma .
reading the bible taking torah bible courses mandatory for any immigrant no matter what age then require they abandon islam i wish i were dictator when the king of kings comes back these folks will shrivel up in fear and run for their lives
how to reach into my screen and squeeze his cheeks url
how do you get a nun pregnant ?
dress her up like an alter boy
autistic gay   🤝 cishet white boy 's favourite insults
bruh can y' all stfu about sub to sub that shit gay as hell
# wakeupamerica we must take care of ourselves first , so that we are healthy enough to take care of others .
just like a parent puts on their oxygen mask on a plane before they put one on their child . #
americafirst swedish municipality that took too many migrants faces bankruptcy url
low iq idiot .
you just consider one aspect but not the further consequences that are even more heinous which are many including that it ' most likely to be born in sordid dysfunctional and insecure situations as well as unwanted children and the world is already overpopulated and do n't give me the adoption excuse either as that is like using these unwanted kids like commodities to displace around so unnaturally .. you just are callous / unethical and want to force more people into this world to suffer .
you are the real dangerous unethical monsters .
former cult members often have fascinating insights , this is a great read : an ex - feminist 's thoughts on academia and the tactics of third - wave feminism
@jerry69 , here is some spin from an 1855 letter of abraham lincoln 's : 

 “ as a nation , we began by declaring that ‘ all men are created equal . ’
we now practically read it ‘ all men are created equal , except negroes . ’
when the know - nothings get control , it will read ‘ all men are created equal , except negroes and foreigners and catholics . ’
when it comes to this i should prefer emigrating to some country where they make no pretense of loving liberty — to russia , for instance , where despotism can be taken pure , and without the base alloy of hypocrisy . ”
know - nothings refers to the american party , which did n't want irish catholics fleeing the potato famine to enter the country .
people thought women were held against their will in catholic convents and that priests systematically raped nuns and then strangled any children born as a result of their union .
see the comparison ?
before that he was just another rich kid .
be very careful what you wish for .
no taxation without representation .
and while organized religion has it 's champions in politics , they still can not legislate religion .
i am a conservative and a strong believer in a secular government .
i would support taxing clergy , though .
the old laws allowing them to deduct all of their living expenses are tremendously abused by preachers on the right and the left .
most pay almost nothing in federal income tax while being well supported by the church .
this is why we do n't let the normies into anime .
❌ dominated by men ❌ aimed at men url
gay people tweeting about got just look like they ’ re ready to party and play
i was finally getting use to sleeping for more than 3 hours a night .... guess that 's a thing of the past once again .. &#128542 ;
more evidence that israelis are the scum of the earth .
i agree that labour was throwing money at people to get votes .
which is basically what always happens in elections in peacetime ( except perhaps during a financial crisis ) .
but a few things : 
 a ) tories did n't bother to cost their manifesto at all , and hence did n't really have a leg to stand on when challenging it 
 b ) tories barely bothered to challenge it , nor highlight that they would be better for the economy , a traditional campaigning point .
this is second one is likely because , the tories are n't for the economy anymore , since they favour hard brexit and are threatening to make it worse with this no deal nonsense .
labour , while hardly much better , are at least not threatening to shoot the economy for ill defined reasons .
so people who might feel that a stronger economy means better public spending options could no longer think the tories have a leg to stand on here .
also , leaving the single market is pretty starkly against thatchers legacy .
the family in california has struck the open door i been looking for the hard candy of it all but the tast of california also quistaning homeschooling also now because of the lack of responsibility that should had been followed through that was nt means that we all need to awaken to the homeschool nightmare of children being abused and miss guided .
antifa ?
depending on the theology of her particular version of christianity , it may very well ' be up to her ' .
faith , religion , theology ; when there are hundreds of versions ; of " christianity " worldwide , much less the hundreds which exist in the united states , many of whom claim to be the true faith , ( caps , underlined and boldface type ) , calling out the nuances of any one person 's version is presumptuous at best and ignorant at worst .
< user > bro pls do nt kill yourself bro pls
trump can not stop his appointees from lobbying .
why would they bother ?
they are all billionaires .
christianity role is historical protector of the jews it has afforded the tribe the time and space it needed to prepare white genocide teamwhite
what 's the difference between a nigger and a priest ?
one has sex in an alley and the other in a confessional
it is amazing that healthcare is 1/6 of the us economy when it is only 1/20th in most countries with nationalized healthcare .
bet that 67 % cost of overhead is a big part .
i am ⚪ ️ gay ⚪ ️ straight ⚪ ️ pan ⚪ ️ bi ⚪ ️ asexual 🔘 against zoophilia
oh you tough nigga but you < number > deep i got < number > lions with me you got < number > sheep
what ’s the difference between my girlfriend and my dog nothing
ok that was homophobic
the secular marxists have managed to remove christianity , the religion of the founding nationalities of our nation , from our schools however those leftists somehow think muslims are their friends because they have a common enemy , christians , therefore they are not opposing the religion of islam in the public schools and thus supporting it .
unfortunately many canadians do not see this cultural war going on and as a result are not participating to their own detriment .
sharia creep is a real and present danger in our society and needs to be exposed and stopped .
i do n't care how threatened you feel , you ca n't go throwing respect for human rights and due process out the window and just blow a kid away to defend your shit .
but this is america the free country founded on genocide and slavery where they hold people in prison camps for years without trial and property is worth more than life so
responded to a post about gender bias in bbqing ( yes , really ) and got banned from /r / feminism .
need to put on my germany jersey can not lose this to this wetback squad
she screams insecurity more than the n word .
why do you support a woman who enabled a rapist for thirty years ?
why do you try ( unsuccessfully ) to deflect for her ?
it 's very telling .
arab attack the quitter
you do not live in america nazi faggot but you vote the young nazi boy faggot parties tho
@teenygozer @luvmookie @sbg1 that 's proof they 're not christians .
god will never send an adulterous liar who cages children
i 'm looking for an intelligent white man with a sense of humor between the ages of 21 - 32 .
weird that trump 's tweets have n't had the desired effect on lil ' kim .
on that we agree .
those christian hypocrites should have been charged with accessory before , during and after the fact as applicable .
last serial woman - murderer they caught in iran they hanged him from a crane .
alcoholics get the fuck in here 
 i m getting drunk , i have had a bottle of wine and some beerz , ill probably drink more 

 plz tell me your life story 

 this post was brought to you by cope , cope , cope , cope , cope inc .
< user > < user > wow sexy legs lady in black pantyhose and black heels
yeah destiny dana and becky all know their exes because you all run in the same damn circle bitch stop i love how she is always behind on her own damn life like we been knew we knew so much we even fucking know that dana dad is a fucking predator
so i heard jesus did cross fit i bet he nailed it .
< repeat >
rt @vineforthebyrd : bae : go text your hoes 
 me : https://t.co/5hetoweses
yes !
i knew the white christian patriarchy was behind this somehow !
i 'm going to go whip myself in penance for being born an evil white devil .
then i 'm going to quit my job and send my kids to an orphanage ( and pets to the pound ) so i can make meals and do housework for these people and help them parent their children !
all decent virtuous liberal white people will join me .
the rest of you are racists ! !
< user > < user > he is a sneaky and con artist booming arabs and blaming muslems sham on him he is the worest president so far
what ?
surprise iphone game video ? !
yup , coming up in a bit . #
supportsmallyoutubers # supportsmallstreamers # streamerhype # stickman
yeah they call u winnie the pooh w ur yellow ass 😂 😂 😂
nothing .
religion is an evil and all religious people should be killed for the greater good .
to be fair some asexuals do have sex but the sex ed for lgbt youth has to be improved i had no idea what lube was when i had my first gay hookup since i 'm bi and had only had sex with girls up until then
if i give a nigga a fish he 'll eat for a day , if i teach that nigga to fish he 'll eat for a lifetime .
so what 's that telling y' all ?
' 
 there was a moment of head scratching , then … ..
ugandan lesbian asylum seeker to return to the uk url
so heaven is a christian band camp ?
yea , i 'll pass on that .
i 'm a grown man and i like sex .
i expect to have it in paradise as i had it on earth but better .
on account cuz it 's , you know , paradise and such .
yeah if guys do n't have mental disorders and they let someone treat them like shit just then those dudes are some mentally - frail men .
if you 're superficial enough to excuse someone for treating you like shit just because they 're hot then you need your man - card revoked .
those guys are simps , do n't be a simp .
what 's the difference between a priest and acne ?
acne waits 12 to cum on your face
just like jesus rose lazarus for some reason he rose these horrible hoes hjklgfdszcvbgffd
i suppose i 'm awful daft today , i do n't see it .
how do you get a nun pregnant ?
dress her up as an altar boy .
@unrefugees when will iraqi asylum seekers&refugees receive the wonderful news of reaching resettlement ?
reaching the safety , reaching stability , reaching normal life with no fear , no persecution , no threat .
living the creativity , productivity , joining schools . #
standwithiraqirefugees
apparently you missed this sentence in the editorial : " but may 's office appears to have handled its investigation with rigor , and his ultimate conclusion is defensible . "
if you missed it , it is understandable .
it 's " buried " almost halfway through .
o.k so .... husband hits wife 's boy friend with truck and at same time girlfriend ( suspect 's wife ) threatens boyfriend with bat ... have i got it right ?
if yes , the injured party ( boyfriend / victim ) was , in my opinion , not part of a triangle ... seemed like he was a victim in the middle of the cross fire ... sad .
< user > naseeruddinshah is right and should preach this to rohingya muslims who desperately seeking shelter in intolerant india
the start of another losing streak coming up .
how about loss of citizenship and jail for presidents who personally profit from business deals while being in office ?
just google gary johnson .
just google him .
" father : " " you 've been around the block a few times son . " "
me : " " you do realise that you just effectively called me a slut right ? " " "
this collab was a pleasure to participate in .
thank you @noicedrinkz for hosting the collab and thank you to everyone who made entries !
if north korea shoots a missile or prepares to shoot a missile do you think we should blow it up at the launch pad or in the air
i guess next bill will be anti -christian phobia . .
thank god it is n't , everyone on facebook is obsessed with it so much i began to hate the colour pink .
what is the difference between god and harambe ?
harambe existed .
lgbtqa is natural .
but not the rate its happening today and that 's something to look into , not ignore out of bias .
harry , 
 it is obvious that many of the charlottesville white nationalist supremacists ( neo - nazis ) with marching permits consider themselves as christians .
the leftist agitators are not excused for their lawlessness either .
i do n't understand or accept their stupidity .
david duke and his henchmen would wipe out the leftist agitators immediately if they had control and the aclu and the southern poverty law center among many other groups who oppose their regime .
that 's right , 82 % of white homicide victims are killed by other whites .
the black percent of homicides committed by other blacks just dropped from 90 % to 89 % .
the white percent of the population is about 64 % ; the black percentage of the population is about 17 % .
but the homicide numbers are about the same , which means blacks are killing each other nearly five times faster .
now , i 'm aware that blacks are often unfairly discriminated against .
" driving while black " and all that .
it 's not fair .
i get that .
but the reality is that the statistics contribute to the discrimination .
the blacks have a cultural issue among their own that they need to deal with , and who better to address than football stars ?
i 'm not aware of a white lives matter movement , are you ?
what do you call a book club that has been stuck on the same book for 2000 years ?
church .
reply to this tweet , if i like your reply that means you 're one of the niggas i 'm going into 2k20 with 👀 ‼️ 🤞 🏾
speaking of that a lot great tracks and hits have n't been made into music video 's over the years and it 's a shame because some great hits should been into music videos while some should n't
how do you get a nun pregnant ?
dress her up as an altar boy
how are priests and mcdonalds similar ?
they both shove their meat up ten year old buns .
< user > whitegenocide means much more than eliminating people of white skin pigment it also means the destruction of the culture of freedom moral clarity what there is of it and human progress only whites in principle advance those ideas
make it very simple .
eliminate the corporate tax altogether .
dictate to companies that excess retained earnings need to be distributed to its shareholders , who will be taxed at the individual rates .
it takes the government out of picking winners and losers .
in order to allow this , companies can no longer give to pacs .
no taxation without representation .
companies would still need to file for compliance .
also , make the individual tax rate and return simpler .
everyone , should be taxed on the first dollar .
those below an income level would get it all back .
eitc can be determined later .
get rid of the real estate tax and interest deduction , but lower taxes across the board .
allow unlimited charitable contributions .
let the private sector give their treasure to what they believe in , as long as they are qualified charities .
it could be done on a postcard .
get rid of all the tax attorneys and accountants .
and , i 'm an accountant .
those christians are always so optimistic .
pieces of shit .
put the thooka down pussy nigga put yo fist up
see , you can say " crybaby " or " snowflake " as much as you like , but it , ironically , sounds slightly petulant coming in response to a thought out comment , regardless of if you agree with it or not .
< user > the real refugees are the christians in the middle east yemeni for example obama only wants isis in america to further the caliphate agenda americans are not europeans more guns ammo in citizens home than most armies 2 nda rkba
why are people gay ?
i mean , if you want anal , just become a priest
ai nt nothin like a ride or die bitch she come thru and throw the < number > up love to fuck she even roll the piffy up
a man walks into a bar for my entire childhood
screw mexico we do n't need them
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
christianity turned whites into lugubrious losers that why even white kids prefer nigger music because niggers do not sound beaten down white christians always do
" the individual market and the proposed rate increases illustrate the need to address health care costs and the cost drivers .
this is not sustainable . ”
the cost drivers are build into our society .
you think it 's crazy when people say toxins allowed in products ( including pesticides in food ) , sugar , vegetable oils , and wireless radiation are causing inflammation and oxidative stress , and driving healthcare costs , because you use these products and do n't feel immediate harm .
but you are wrong ; you have to actually study the issues because chronic diseases take time to develop .
people think their chronic condition like cancer or parkinson 's is simply genetic or bad luck , but it is really years of chronic inflammation that you did n't know you had that finally resulted in the disease .
in most cases , it 's preventable .
be smart and stay healthy .
start here : 

 http://drcate.com/list-of-good-fats-and-oils-versus-bad/
other nations better step up and get on board with the united states of america ... they risk being left to defend themselves .
good luck waiting for the un to assist and defend .
forcing women to have children they do n't want is barbaric .
price " surge " is a misnomer .
prices actually declined 4.2 % from last month , and this recent trend is more relevant .
the price " surge " on a year - over - year basis is expected , given the significant increases over a longer period of time .
the " surge " makes for good click - bait news , but the real facts are laid bare : more listings , plunging sales ,   prices fell .
good luck all .
' 
 you betcha , they released the report because they had no evidence .
genius , there .
how do i work so much amp still be broke adult hood is so ghetto
gab needs to swap up the live topics more frequently i ve got nothing to gossip about tired of fighting nazis who use the same arguing methods as the democrats and communists and are afraid of pictures of naked women like the catholics -_-
plenty of kike christians like pelosi worry about your own kikes dumb pussy
at least harvey weinstein only raped and assaulted the gentiles not angelina jolie or gwyneth paltrow so he still a good jew spacey not a jew 😦 😊
it is the left that remains silent when radical muslims throw gays off of rooftops , burn women who refuse sexual relations ,   slaughter christians , commit " honor " killing of women , stone adulterers , blow up women and children in terror attacks , etc .
it is the left that celebrates the " right to choose " which has resulted in the destruction of over 50 million innocent lives here in america even though pope francis has called abortion an " absolute evil " and a " horrendous crime " .
it is the left that bankrupts small business people if they do n't bake a wedding cake for a same - sex couple even though such a " marriage " was uninmaginable 20 years ago .
it is the left who has destroyed the humanities and has made academia an ideological reeducation camp .
it is the left who are the thought - police waging an inquisition on anyone who fails to subscribe to their prevailing protocols and reigning orthodoxies .
we take mosque hit and runs very seriously but if you are a muslim migrant and plow into a load of pedestrians we will do our best to rule it an accident
i find it kind of funny that they include no women in that picture .
perhaps they did nt realize women are integral to a nation .
otherwise i think its a great idea and wish them best of luck .
the flames already dropped dead , did n't they ?
i hope the absurdity of this situation is not lost on people , even those who may be generally critical of israel .
all visitors to the western wall pass through security before being allowed access .
mecca is monitored by literally 100s of cameras .
in how many countries in the middle east are jews and christians free to pray at synagogues and churches ?
the world is upside down ...
pence ca n't be too ethical if he agreed to hitch his wagon up to the trump corruption engine .
what kind of person would even want to be associated with this psychopath unless you are equally corrupt/ christian ?
lol. what ever happens ,   it will be an equal shame if pence gets to take over when he is just as illegitimate as his leader .
certainly a white ethnostate would permit no blacks asians hispanics or arabs
my mom : : so like , how do you know if a girl is a lesbian ?
do you wear some sort of symbol ?
me : : please drop it , this is really uncomfortable for me .
my mom : : no , i just want to know .
me : : please , stop .
i do n't want to talk about it .
she persists for another ten minutes .
made me feel disrespected , like an animal at the zoo .
what is the difference between a priest and a zit ?
the zit does n't cum on your faxe until you 're a teenager
lol trump is a fascist trump proves that he himself is a fascist with his every aktion word just look at his muslim ban not good
nothing says humble and loving like insulting someone character and insisting you are needed to fix them maybe start ousting the faggots and pedophiles from your church before you even begin to speak on what i need
@thomasjtobin1 so are catholic pedophiles you low life piece of shit , fo and burn in hell ! ! !
hail satan !
may christians be killed slowly and gruesomely !
with all the birth control method s what stupid women we have wanting murder , abortions r women that stupid or just lazy hateful murderors wow brainwashed for evil false lyin teachers , preachers of satan o yea brainwashed stupid .
well penalties will not get the mojo back .
if there are more then 8 penalties tonight then forget it .
then the truth is there is no discipline amongst the players .
i really ca n't see how the bows are favored by more then 14 points .
if they lose this game season over .
i do wish them well as i 'm still a fan of theirs .
go bows !
nofap , cold showers , nopillow , pua , gymcelling etc .... are the biggest copes ever 
 if you ever thought about doing any of these with the hopes of becoming a super alpha manly man to attract more women , it 's over for you buddy boyo .
ai nt nothin like a ride or die bitch she come thru and throw the < number > up love to fuck she even roll the piffy up
< user > < user > jews are white now
i 'm on ep .
12 of thirteen reasons why & amp ; i fucking hate bryce ! ! !
not caring that black women are < number > times as likely to abort their unborn baby than white women is not racist not wanting to fund abortion thereby protecting black lives is racist tom trinko sjwlogic
torture is 
 sitting in the nurse 's waiting room and seeing a bunch of normies come along and just take a bunch of condoms out of the free condoms basket .
what happens when you import niggers mudslimes their culture includes gang rape and honor killings of course they have no regard for western values they ca nt overcome there nature i do not blame the poc slime i blame the whites who let them in and the jews scheming has an effect
why is no p in lgbtq ?
just be patient , the vatican is working on it .
most popular trails do , see the picture in the article .
in other news , there are now 680 new job openings in mississippi for american workers .
of all races !
url
what sucks about connecticut is that even with a bachelor degree i can not seem to find work and in this state they will only hire you if you are a special minority refugee or an illegal immigrant the democrats have ran out all the high paying jobs
" i 'm angry .
i 've had enough of these people .
they 're a bunch of christian murdering scum running giant death factories , keeping babies alive , and selling their body parts .
what more do you need to know about these people ?
i go out and face these scum .
they literally crawl out from under rocks .
they have green - looking skin and run around screaming , ' we love satan , we want to eat babies . ' "
as well as to promote islam and confuse christian values anyone not helping muslim refugees is not a good christian although they believe in the antichrist and christ was just a man
draft deferred .
that was the term used to excuse the haves from the have nots from defending their country .
i would love the fight but i have this foot thingy keeping me from the front lines .. sounds like something patton would say , yep
nigga licking her homegirls .
url
leroy and quinn ,   look at her support from convicted felon tom anderson .
a guy who took bribes from a guy who was having sex with an under age native girl .
but hey ,   they 're both christians , right ?
we take mosque hit and runs very seriously but if you are a muslim migrant and plow into a load of pedestrians we will do our best to rule it an accident
bath house was invited to speak several times but refused , after all the bsa is a young mans christian leaning organization , eschewing homosexual scoutmasters .
obviously an organization barry boy would despise .
taeyong drinks his respecting women juice every morning
we should put your cast on a scale !
day 3 of # cifest17 is upon us .
taking this time to consider how to make use of all i 've experienced this weekend .
a mate from school started talking about this group .
ms walker should be on one of the us currencies .
i think she is the first black female business woman .
# whitepower ... i'll hang you nigger
this editorial is " time capsule " material -- a well - done expression of where the church in america " was " in july 2017 :   " distortion for political purposes . "
i wonder what our immigrant great grandparents would think of the church today , so conveniently cozy with those fundamental religions that mocked , demeaned , and degraded them for their cult of catholicism , blind obedience to rome , statue worshiping ,   anti - american , and anti - democratic ways . "
small price ( trumpence ? )
to pay for a few votes on ' cultural issues " ?
and i wonder what our ancestors would say if they could observe the validation of religious elitism and wealth evidenced by the napa institute ?
the folks at napa tell us american catholics   have been too - easily co - opted by a hedonistic , self - celebratory culture .
i guess they are right .
but it has so little to do with sex , drugs , and rock and roll .
what do you do after you dumb down morality ?
< user > the real refugees are the christians in the middle east yemeni for example obama only wants isis in america to further the caliphate agenda americans are not europeans more guns ammo in citizens home than most armies 2 nda rkba
@_shayne3600 no wonder she could n't find that nigga ... if she had an open layout he would n't have even tried her trying change his clothes like that 😭
this is doug .
doug loves you ... all of you .
doug supports # lgbt # lgbtq # furends and strangers equally and hope you do as well .
doug would like to see how you are observing # pridemonth and # pride every month .
doug is a … url
adopting pro homosexual policies walmart plays both sides of the social issues culture war it does this by cultivating good relations with both homosexual activists like human rights campaign and christian conservative organizations like american family association afa
this opinion piece reads like an editorial straight from state - controlled xinhua news agency .
i do n't believe in a god either , but i know some people in this sub do so i thought saying the " church 's god " was more inclusive :)
my guess is that the average voter paid very little , if any attention to the fact that hillary and the democrat leadership were rigging the primaries ........ although some of that information did start to leak out toward the end .
and once obama became a lame duck , the clintons were once again the face of the party   and the upstart bernie was not playing by the establishment rules .
great incel to alpha slayer story 
 i was thinking this morning and realized something great for you all to watch- season 1 episode 15 " game time " from how i met your mother .
@odysseuslahori @iqshoaib hang till death all religious pimps ! !
starting to sound like there are many weinstein 's in hollywood that make male and female actors do very bad things to land gigs .
it was just another bad thing that happened .
bad things happen around the world all the time but americans like to make big deal out of it even almost 20 years after the fact and use it to make themselves feel special or play the victim card .
define fair a trial with of the jury consisting of the women they raped a trial with the jury consisting of the families of the people they slaughtered a trial with the jury consisting of christians
affirmative action is so great
gab needs to swap up the live topics more frequently i ve got nothing to gossip about tired of fighting nazis who use the same arguing methods as the democrats and communists and are afraid of pictures of naked women like the catholics -_-
.gov spends over $ 23,000 per alaskan .
http://www.usgovernmentspending.com/alaska_state_spending.html 

 given this amount of .gov profligacy , coupled with contributions from non - profits , the " moral imperative " should be a more realistic attitude coupled with fiscal prudence .
@charlesmblow can we stop with the race baiting .
this is not a race problem it is a society problem .
we have mass shootings , we have drive by shootings , we have gang shootings .
all of this is a problem .
what we need is parents start being parents and stop with it 's a race problem .
what do muslim women get from allah for being a suicide bomber because mohammad glimpsed hell and said it was full of muslim women serious question
so a priest and a rabbi are walking by an orphanage .
< repeat > and they see a young boy bending over to pick up a ball .
the priest says , " tell me you do n't wanna fuck that little boy . "
the rabbi responds , " yes , but out of what ? "
10 innings into the season , i already cringe as mondesi seems ready to collide with a teammate on every fly ball .
calling all black women writers aged 16 - 22 : this is a brilliant opportunity .
url
what 's the difference between a rook and a bishop ?
a rook can only go straight , while the bishop fucks the children .
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves .
omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so .
then lock this worthless piece of shit up .
@lahavharkov i called knafeh palestinian .
i think it is !
you can identify as " american " and not iranian or persian , but still enjoy persian food .
me : : ( after demonstrating a piece of software i had written to be used for quality reporting by medicare health plans ): so that 's how it works , any questions ?
medicare official : : wow , it 's great .
who is the programmer ?
me : : i am .
medicare official : : but who actually wrote the code ?
me : : that would be me ... the programmer .
because apparently black , women programmers do n't actually write code .
10 years ago , at headquarters in washington , d.c. i felt irritated at having to explain that yes , i am a real programmer .
please do not hurt those fine masons first they have to hand over the maps on the locations of the cupped oil wells .
@wsrocket _ that 's the thing i ai n't buying they way in nun they gone earn that shit just like everybody else if they ca nt get in using they brain they do nt needa be at that mf 😂 😂 😂 😂
pride   should be opened up to anyone and everyone , to celebrate and be proud of themselves as people of the human community .
that would help us all come together , and stop all of this fighting .
how are priests and mcdonalds similar ?
they both shove their meat up ten year old buns .
good idea to release that info just on general principals but do not kid yourself fam detroit ghetto ain t giving up on john conyers they will re elect that old dope for as long as he wants to run good to have conyers around as example of dem corruption for propaganda purposes tho
< user > < user > you must be seriously retarded
imagine if american women were culturally expected / forced by law to wear american flags covering their faces to protect them from rape and protect their family 's honor .
if you want a say on what goes on in the labour party , join the fucking labour party .
otherwise , shut it # bbcqt
halloween is over , and there was a lot less trick - or - treaters than i expected , so i 'm left with a bunch of extras .
if anyone needs razorblades , let me know .
two priests are driving down the road when they are stopped by two police officers .
" we 're looking for two child molesters , " the officers tell them .
the priests look at each other before they speak . "
we 'll do it . "
plenty of kike christians like pelosi worry about your own kikes dumb pussy
if any incel here could become a 10/10 woman for a day , would you share your pussy for the rest of us ?
@halbot9001 @lesbianpapyrus its not about erasure , its about dissociating transmen from lesbians .
which is already hard , and i fear that this make it even harder .
and no i m not erasing their identity or pronouns , they are totally valid .
@vicenews yes females are turning their vaginas and mutilating them into fake penises there s also male genital mutilation as well .. ppl turnin penises to vaginas ..
no - you have it backward .
crime surged when oil [ or the military , or anything else ] booms and the hucksters , con artists , vice lords and pimps swarm in with all the people looking for high paying jobs .
many of them leave with fading chances for ' striking it rich ' fast .
if we can clean state gov't up enough to stop feeding the local crooks with special projects and treasury funds , they might leave too - the more the merrier .
i 'm sorry , but he 's clearly not going to stand up for you , and these are his friends , so this will be your life if you stay with him .
is that what you want ?
force normies to choose between well dressed white men with american flags and smelly commie faggots with soviet flags antifa attacks us in such a scenario they lose antifa does not attack us they lose
support a # freeiran under the leadership of .@maryam_rajavi , a brave # woman who will be the face of the new modern liberated # iran   # istandwithmaryamrajavi ( link : url url
your right .... it looked a lot more attractive a few years ago , while trading   at $ 20 ...
let 's see , got broken up with , rejected from a research position , and i entered the wrong routing number to pay my rent and it over drafted .
went to my first pride this year but left my straight boyfriend at home and went with some other queer friends .
there were actually so many bi pride flags that i 'm bringing him next year 😊
i hate you cowards
no , death to infidels .
irt candace .
lots of his family and friends knew this terror act was coming .
do we really want these kind of folks in hawaii .
that sneak and hide information about the imminent murder of our good people ?
any incels here thinking of joining the army 
 we ca n't live a normie life , maybe fighting and dying for something silly will give us some amount of pleasure
gndmdm my classmate asked me if my wallpaper was my drawing i have a drawing of asami as my wallpaper now and it is f gay and i was like ah no but i like the character lmao
oh , lord , he 's got himself so worked - up that he 's developed a plan !
why is it all the faggots who demand christian bakers bake them a faggot loving cake have never found a muslim bakery demanded the muslims bake them a faggot loving cake always remember the truth is hate speech to those who hate the truth
some commenters like the senate 's actions in this instance because they do n't like the bill .
fine , but the feisty new senate is no longer subject to party discipline ; no longer subject to the will of the elected body .
there will be other bills that commenters will not like and the feisty senate will still do as it pleases .
the old senate , before being liberated by mr trudeau , before being released from party discipline , offered sober second thought .
eventually the commons could override the senate 's delaying tactics .
now the new senate is amending bills that that the commons must accept or the bill does n't proceed .
this is dangerous new territory for an unelected body .
mr trudeau , in playing the " liberator " ,   did n't think this one through .
you mean putin and the electoral college rejected clinton , do n't you ?
more american voters voted for clinton .
and more and more is being learned about putrumpski 's bff .
these people are fucking filth .
blaine is not bi .
he is gay , and will always be gay .
i think it 's very important to young kids that they know this character is one of them .
south africans should not come to the usa they should stay and fight if < number > m whites can not whip 1 0 x their number in niggers they are not real whites the usa will not save you we are a bunch of kiked out christian faggots not unlike yeah good luck pieter pooeters
watching other bsd devs tell roguestar he 's wrong and it is delicious .
better not see anyone claim he had mental illness this nigga knew what he was doing url
if i recall christians and jews are considered infidels and despised by the ones who are requesting a mosque in schools
money is much more important than children .
no matter how many children are destroyed , faithful catholics will always make more .
i 'm never taking the metro to go see a dude who has a car .
if he does n't offer to come pick you up , he does n't care about you , sis .
not only do i have a " kind of heroic purity " , i have something better , a sense of humor .
i doubt that anybody here will ever convert anybody to their point of view .
it 's a waste of time to try .
might as well just be witty , creative , friendly , and good natured .
more posters should try being a bit humorous .
the extremism and attacks on free speech have made this comments page no fun and almost useless .
i am not afraid to die 
 push me to the edge 

 all my friends are dead 

 push me to the edge 

 all my friends are dead 

 push me to the edge 

 all my friends are dead 

 push me to the edge
is there something you need to get off your chest ?
your post history suggests you are looking to fuck a 50yo married man who may or may not be a family friend and/or doctor .
in any case , you sound like you need help
the confederate flag was flown on us army firebases in south vietnam during the vietnam war .
there is evidence of this and i have plenty of photos to prove it .
< user > < user > you are a nazi sarah
trump - vlad , i need something to make it look like me and you aren't ... you know ... to chummy .
to take america 's eye 's off of the whole " russia helped trump get elected " mess i got go'n on over here .
putin - no problem comrade , make for bombing on syrian air force base for gas attack ( let us know when it 's coming so we can get out of way , ok ? )
we promise not to use our s-400 's that we have stationed in syria against your tomahawks .
then we 'll make big fuss with stupid un to make it seem like we are very bad enemies ... lol .
oh btw , did you and melania get vodka and caviar we sent you last week ?
those uneducated american peoples that you love so much will buy it .... how you say ... hook and sinker .
< user > self isolated homosexual sun pub type moon the war queer rising
< user > brainwashed feminnazis they are not dictating to me do not disarm i repeat do not disarm
@hisservant s seems racism is such a big thing these days .
it should n't .... but how the dems come off you think its everywhere .
i ment no disrespect at all but encouragement ....
not or vomit bitches like a child
< user > i am a brit if you are talking about florida looks like he was a muzzie despite the wetback name
" according to the new york times the " richest 1 percent in the united states now own more wealth than the bottom 90 percent " .
so your minimizing and excusing of " an extremely tiny percentage " of white supremicists being christian does not in any way diminish the harm and effect .
for example , donald trump , steve bannon and an extremely " tiny " percentage of " christian " americans are causing immense harm among , what -230million americans and , what , how many and how much around the world - christian and non .
they are giving " all " christians a bad rap .
a " huge " number of catholics have left the church because of the " tiny " number of us bishops .
relax bro .
churches are festering shitholes of hate filled bigots and one day they will die off and none of us will have to worry about the religion that committed suicide with a shotgun spray of hypocrisy .
you do n't need to come telling me to stop being divisive because i 'm just hastening the inevitable .
you niggas getting guns to put in instagram like niggas ai n't really hitting the grave ⚰ ️
what an ugly angry woman !
or , well , something happened .
a hashtag was started by harassers to support him .
so , that 's something .
i guess .
good idea to release that info just on general principals but do not kid yourself fam detroit ghetto ain t giving up on john conyers they will re elect that old dope for as long as he wants to run good to have conyers around as example of dem corruption for propaganda purposes tho
my favorite thing about all of this is there are people who genuinely believe this is a good thing for memphis basketball
< user > i don ’ t take self help or career advice from white men or most white women most are too blind to poorer dynamics
" " " there are officers around here yet they 're not doing their job ... but hey , that 's not my business . " "
sips tea while walking away . "
what ’s the similarity between black men and christians ?
they visit their imaginary father once a week
striaght out da mud nigga ca n't fuck with fuck nigga
talk with the people not to the politicians .
this commentary is about organized religions in quebec political life .
i 'll explain .
the quiet revolution in quebec ( 1960 's and beyond ) brought a sense of renewal in the separation of state and organized religions .
we had to work very hard to ensure that organized religions ( was ) removed from quebec political life .
so using politicians is a non starter .
through the study of morals and ethics - in our public schools   we gain the understanding all of us need to live in peace .
so this hard fought desire to maintain this separation over the past 60 years is working quite well in our province .
yet , politicians seem eager to use wedge politics for votes : pitting organized religions up against people .
extremists sadly exist in most if not all societies .
there is no fear or hate of organized religions in quebec , as politicians would have us believe .
yet , peace in life as in death is with people talking to each other - not politicians .
< user > < user > he is a sneaky and con artist booming arabs and blaming muslems sham on him he is the worest president so far
clearly , you wonder why disqus was replaced with civil comments .
yeah , our wwii adversaries were not proponents of speed .
great article !
thanks for informing us frank !
politicians who continue to demonize marijuana , corrupt law enforcement officials who prefer to ruin peoples lives over marijuana possession rather than solve real crimes who fund their departments toys and salaries with monies acquired through marijuana home raids , seizures and forfeitures , and so - called " addiction specialists " who make their income off of the judicial misfortunes of our citizens who choose marijuana , - your actions go against the will of the people and your days in office are numbered !
find new careers before you do n't have one .
the people have spoken !
get on - board with marijuana legalization nationwide , or be left behind and find new careers .
your choice .
legalize nationwide !
what the fek is wrong with you america ?
you kill each other like eating popsicles   just wrong .
you are robbing people of their lives - they have just one and you are allowing it to view exterminated   stand up .
we will stand with you .
stop fucking killing people
fred needs crutches , thomas has a terrible stutter they 're best friends .
one day , they hear that a faith healer is in town .
thomas tells his friend they should go and see if they can make it on stage .
fred reluctantly agrees , and they go .
even better , they get called on stage .
fred explains that he 's always had tto use crutches , even as a child , while thomas talks , with great effort , about how he 's had to deal with his stutter since he could talk .
the faith healer loudly proclaims that as along as they believe , they shall be healed , and leads them behind a curtain so he can pray for them .
shortly after , he reappears and hypes up the crowd , then shouts ' fred , throw out your crutches ! ' .
a pair of crutches come sailing across the stage , and the crowd goes wild .
the faith healer then yells ' thomas , say something ! ' .
the reply follow quickly ' ffffred ffffell ' .
normie 's wallpaper is quite cringey with that guy fawks mask
a paient wants to participate in earth hour .
< repeat > when the time come , i 'm pulling the plug .
what is jesus ’s favorite gun ? ? ?
a nail gun
remember all of that well .
was not even allowed to look into the lucky 's cigar store by my mother for fear of my eternal corruption .
also remember the cub and boy scout section on the second or third floor of jc penny ( originally mcmorin and washburn building built by my grandfather ) one of the few elevators in town .
of course there was a woman operator who announced the floor with a brief recital of what was to be found there .
and how about the gorgeous , big , brass , bubbly public drinking fountain in front of the first national bank ?
everyone in town drank there .
the reason they keep fucking kids is becuase they practice an ancient babylonian religion , in were you can take the childs energy by violating them .
also they are sick chomo fucks .
< user > < user > you are a nazi sarah
" if donald trump was given the opportunity , he would most definitely molest these young girls too . "
that is a shameful comment to make , ward 1 .
you will notice these allegations stem from 1991 .
it is a civil suit , which anyone can bring against anyone else at any time .
although it claims multiple felonies were committed , there is no , repeat no criminal case , which means there are no facts in evidence that any prosecutor would touch .
if hillary is elected this suit will be dropped immediately to avoid a counter suit .
notice also that the person providing corroboration would be admitting to felonies of her own , but , surprise , the statute of limitations is likely expired .
why is n't she being sued ?
she likely has no money to be sued for , and of course , is not running for president .
this is a political lawsuit only , intended to even the score for all the horrible things bill clinton has done to women .
it was brought in june , gained no traction , so then they dug out the 2005 tape .
nonsense .
they will literally ban you for saying men and women exist now
what is christianity but spiritual democracy who to say that aborted pail nigger is just as good and valid as you are god says the christian
have they put women on subs yet in se asia i have heard many times that the donut dollies and some nurses had thriving businesses
my masculine is awakening from my spiritual elevation 💎
i knew how to dye bundles now it 's so easy , i 'm glad cause i hate asking ppl to do anything for me period
it was just a suggestion .
i take it that yours would be a " no " vote ?
dear susan rice why would or should we believe your tweets about the refugee ban when your department and administration caused the refugee crisis in the first place better yet when are you going to say climate change was caused by a conservative video skeptical of climate change protests
you are right in retarded from actually trying to engage in a civil discourse with someone who is named obamasucksanus
< user > how do you distance yourself from nazism but at the same time you speak at their march
worthless sissy bitches like you make men look bad
< user > once we cut down the amount of illegal aliens coming in we can spend that money on americans
< user > no it is impossible for a jew to be a nazi its like calling a black person a white supremacist
i guess this nigger and his mudshark are unaware of the merchant this is some hilarious trolling
i 'm a cousin as well who spent a lot of time with her when we were younger .
very sad to hear this , hope she 's in a good place .
the animals are doomed .
human overpopulation and the resulting pollution condemns all living creatures .
that 's the real issue , not climate change .
dude it is dressed like a whole dyke out here 😏 😂 😂 😂
if you are a white lady who ready to call me a nigger but in a loving way hit me up ❤ ️
did you have problems with the stuxnet virus ?
developed / used under bush and also used under the direction obama !
i do n't recall any complaints from our presidents about how they used suxnet against iran and a similar clone virus against north korea !
yeah , did n't you know asylum seekers are criminals .
how dare they ask to enter the us .
fuck off .
will you all let me know a good couple of months ahead of time so i can sell my house , most of my stuff and go hide in the woods ?
fuck those bitches man
selam and respect iran from bosnia
lebron is gon na destroy the next team he plays next .... cuz i know this loss pissed him the fuck off
only the gop extremists believe in god -- what a ridiculous comment .
seems the right - wing extremists would n't vote for christ himself , calling him too socialist .
self defense .... a terrible tragedy .
time to move on now .
you do n't understand the things i would do for a waffle house right now .
youu left out the woman who fired three pistol shots at deputies mentioned in national media reports .
well if we want to get technical , more people have died in the name of the lord than in any other act on this planet .
more than disease , more than natural disasters .
ppl literally martyr themselves over god
actual quote : " i like how she , you know , she wants him to kill her .
she goes up to that cabin so that he will kill her . "
gtfo of here
christianity turned whites into lugubrious losers that why even white kids prefer nigger music because niggers do not sound beaten down white christians always do
amen we need whites < number > make invent enuff stuff < number > keep us maybe others alive pro immigrant shitlib heads spin when u say so you are < number > pollution sadly that when they say that why i am not having children so you are against nature ur against fulfilling the measure of your creation
holy hell dude .
dialectal prejudice . [ ... ]
it 's a thing we talk about frequently .
hey , i 'm completely in favor of murdering babies on a massive scale -- i just do n't think women should have any choices .
/s
why do n't they apply these laws to alcohol ?
> 
 how many parents give their teenager and friends booze ?
give them 14 years in prison .
> 
 why are people allowed 3 - 4 beers and still legally allowed to drive ?
make zero tolerance for them to , 10 years in prison .
> 
 one has to wonder are the liberals so ignorant that they actually think that marijuana is so dangerous or are they just virtue signalling to their christian constituency ?
>
vey sad situation and what does it prove ? ?
no one will change their lifestyle .
there will be more animosity 
 shown to muslims in germany .
it is particularly offensive that terrorists choose this time of year to promote their genocide and hatred for christians
yes @eeshmatic ! ! ! !
dem man that only know how to run up their mouth to girls / women ... then talk about how tough they think they are ! ! !
finally , something us asians can finally fucking raid
anybody watching tucker carlson right now fucking beaner has been in the country since < number > years old and still ca nt speak proper english for fuck sake makes me want to pull my hair out
i am ⚪ ️ gay ⚪ ️ straight ⚪ ️ pan ⚪ ️ bi ⚪ ️ asexual 🔘 against zoophilia
chettoes u mean ghettos the places the kike gathered to subvert christianity
euthanasia is a very difficult matter .
when absolutely forbidden , it sentences some to horrible , cruel and inhumane pain and suffering ; but when the laws allowing it are too wide , allowing people to kill themselves or even having doctors do it for them for reasons that are not eminent death , there are a whole lot of very difficult problems opened up .
what of the children and grandchildren that are deprived of the presence of a family member that would and could have lived for many years ?
for this reason i think the state of montana may have a better idea by decriminalizing it but not allowing rules for physicians to act as gods .
i do not think that a doctor himself should ever push the medicine that kills , but not to allow a terminally ill patient to take a lethal dose is also extremely cruel and adds to suffering , not palliation of a patients pain and suffering .
the oregon law is fairly good as the numbers of people remain small .
medical opinion involved butnot doctor termination
define fair a trial with of the jury consisting of the women they raped a trial with the jury consisting of the families of the people they slaughtered a trial with the jury consisting of christians
the can was n't kicked down the street , because quebec signing the constitution is of no practical importance , as shown by the last 35 years .
one of mulroney 's biggest errors was making a point otherwise .
how 'd something like that work for ca ; hell , they did it with computers , and the system still was gamed to keep the communists , excuse me , democrats in charge .
grow up !
where did phrase " nailed it " came from ?
jesus biography
easymulch : gwmag : rt themontydon : gw tonight - cordon apples , lilies , cabbages and kings .
8.00 bbc 2 . :
easymulch : gwmag : rt themontydon : g …
religious nuts should all deported to some island and then never visited by mankind again
all these crazy religious fuckheads trying to shut down abortion are like apes trying to destroy fire because it burns to the touch
+ vickie geraghty i agree 100%!there 's also poor help for the mentally ill , and a summervery toxic culture .
all the more reason to actually find a solution .
not just pray to someoneone who is n't their .
which explains why the consecration takes place on an altar beyond the iconostasis where entrance is highly restricted .
in catholic theology christ is the high priest , just as in orthodox theology , and the priest is the anamnesis of christ the one high priest who offers himself for his body the church .
deadass gon go lesbian
at least they 're trying to legally change the system .
thou shalt fuck they sisters and daughters
nah , it 's just a question and nothing more , but it seems you 're taking it very serious and reading more into it than what is really there .
maybe he truly over purchased and shot himself in the foot . [ ... ]
maybe ask first before you resort to calling people names .
not having my own place yet is so ghetto
the donald is famos for saying one thing and then doing the opposite .
strange so many voted for an obvious con man .
@mccraw_birkie5 @linnea_molotov @minnesotajo @foxnews @potus @vp @nsc we know that godbots are idiots .
a white man callin me brotha is way more offensive than them just callin me a nigger
what 's a catholic priest 's favorite exercise gadget ?
a pedometer
three letters : etf .
canadian couch potato : buy these 3 etfs and rebalance once a year , you 'll be ahead of the vast majority of canadian investors who have invested a little bit of money with their friend who works at sunlife , and then a little bit with their brother in law who works at firm xyz , and then put the rest in a " high interest " gic at scotiabank .
http://canadiancouchpotato.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/ccp-model-portfolios-etfs-2016.pdf
correct!i like it .
and i m a straight male who thinks its great people should celebrate who they are !
double standards are ridiculous and this woman deserves nothing but respect for raising a beautiful , happy baby and getting her diploma @ 16
duturte needs to focus his efforts on the muslim terrorists taking over his country .
if he goes after them with the same enthusiasm he does drugs , they should all be dead in a month .
never mind negotiating , you ca n't negotiate with people who target catholic priests and parishioners because they do n't share or convert to their religion .
there 's only one way to deal with such people and duturte is uniquely qualified for the task .
the majority of christians are niggers and spics fail
i agree wholeheartedly , my2centseh , except for your first sentence .
for more on that , see my comment .
what do you call a redneck priest ?
dad , father and daddy .
< user > self isolated homosexual sun pub type moon the war queer rising
i would like police to use a bit of self control and not just shoot people .
is that too much to ask for ?
racism is deep in this country but it needs to end .
now what is wrong with that ?
the worst thing in the world is feeling like shit and not having your mum to go and vent to&#128542;&#128148 ;
even if god was real all things considered i would n't want to worship a jealous douchebag
" i still want them to be successful said the disappointed rogers " .
yes that is the mission .
i am so very happy that sarah palin is still one of " the donald 's " closest advisors !
deal with it haters !
ironic , is n't it ?
i agree biden would have been a good choice .
and to be dismissed for " putting his foot in his mouth " as trump did in the campaign .
hypocritical .
howard dean was dismissed for some isolated audio clip of just him yelling in a loud room full of people .
that is an editing trick that was very effective .
i think bidens time has come and gone .
plus he did n't have too high of a profile as veep .
he made no splash ...   i do n't know who will stand tall in the democratic party ... someone will .
future was dominated by gender fluid machines .
one of them travelled in time to the past to save a mexican girl and bring social justice .
.@swiftonsecurity http going over wifi has ended relationships .
ah , the early 2000 's .
wardriving .
those were the days .
" that claim appeared to irk the judge , who pointed out that the federal workers took the girl , against her wishes , to a christian pregnancy facility for counseling and also informed her mother about the abortion .
both steps potentially violated the girl ’s constitutional right to privacy and other protections , chutkan said . "
you god damn republicans are something else .
son , for the last time , your imaginary friends are n’t real ! *
next sunday , at chuch :*
that a retarded non argument the bible is also a best seller in communist china
@pastorlocke go back to your strip mall you dipshit/ & take your fucking fake privilege with you !
privilege to enforce your stillborn religious garbage on others ?
put it in park and pull the trigger .
url
china controls the people in hong kong by pepper grenade , metal sticks , smoke grenade , rubber bullets , cruel laws .
the people in hong kong are choosing the freedom more than living with chinese communist .
they are fighting with their hearts , if they believe in god , god will protect them from brutal chinese communist .
god always be with the people who believe in god although they have no power before chinese government .
minhyuk held a pride flag and wonho and jooheon told a lgbt mbb to keep on fighting bc what they 're feeling is right .
when i say i stan the right ppl ; - ;
this discrimination against women , pygmies , hobbits , etc .
is abhorrent !
we should have a march !
unconfirmed backstory white girl refers to black girl as nigger on facebook black girl responds to prove her wrong
i 'm so fucking done with all this shitty ass bullshit .
i ’m never telling a joke at a funeral ever again ... i went up to the podium and told a joke to lighten the mood .
nobody laughed ... but one nigga was dead .
that fuckin beaner guard is an illegal and they was gon na have him kill paddock before and prevent the massacre then praise illegals in the news as heros but he brown so he fucked it up i m calling it
scary
i had a dream of the audio heard after tonight ’s game 7 : “ can you believe it , houston⁉️your houston astros are world series champs for the first time in their franchise history‼️world series champs , let the party begin in houston‼️ “ - steve sparks ( astros radio broadcaster ) # earnhistory # houvlad
being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure , her being a paedophile protecting globalist zionist cunt is her own making , as a human , and i use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart !
add to that list : 3 . )
trump .
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
by allah i will end your house
hozier — take me to church he said fuck the homophobic church community and fuck the government , too .
url
bill : actually , i would say it 's too bad anyone feels it 's necessary to censor others expressing their views .
to be sure there are folks on the left who feel the " safety " of individuals not being exposed to " hateful views " is worth the loss of freedom such censorship entails .
i disagree with them .
regards , gary crum
christianity role is historical protector of the jews it has afforded the tribe the time and space it needed to prepare white genocide teamwhite
totally awesome set of commentary and great work on the links .
could n't have said it better and do n't have to now .
i 'll simply add that ms. moriarty is a shill , pure and simple .
her job title says it all .
as speculation , i wonder if she is related to professor james moriarty https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/professor_moriarty he certainly sounds like her employer , if not her .
the description i think is apt .
forward - looking statements can be identified by words such as : " anticipate , " " intend , " " plan , " " goal , " " seek , " " believe , " " project , " " estimate , " " expect , " " strategy , " " future , " " likely , " " may , " " should , " " will " and similar references to future periods .
you 're aware that wilders ' party 's results were actually a serious underperformance , right ?
must have watched a different rally .
this patient is like x school is full of black people ghetto stop right there bitch self hating fuck you do not get a free pass to say racist shit because you are half black
john you 'd better be careful what you say as the duck 's next coach may just come from your own back yard there in boise in bryan harsin .
nz may have lost final but surely it has won the hearts 💕 .
u have shown a true sportsmanship .
love from indian
just wait , carol is on her bad ass way # thewalkingdeadfinale
slapping an unconscious girl , who 's the real o-3 pussy
c'm on , silverxkr ... google cities on the great lakes .
you 'll find that over 100 are american cities .
the question is ... how much do americans value clean water ( let alone beaches ) ?
the president may discover that soon .
relax for the time being , though .
remember : this is a budget blueprint only .
nobody is in any position to pass it into law .
and , the way our neighbours are constantly ( more tweets early this morning ! )
distracted , it may take a year or more for any of the budget cuts to take affect .
the pentagon must be frustrated , too .
it wo n't be getting its increased budget any time soon .
who'da thought : something positive result from all the negative tweets .
oh come on , it was browder who claimed this .
somehow putin stole billions upon billions , yet russia has no debt ?
a little proof please for your delusion .
chettoes u mean ghettos the places the kike gathered to subvert christianity
oh i got these vegas dykes mad today
only the states who set up their own exchanges were supposed to get subsidies as the law was originally written by your buddy .
that 's not what transpired though .
oh god i did n't realize we had so many celibate infidels within this subreddit .
we need to act quick and purge these lower life forms from our society
trump believe he 's the gatekeeper of all ppl build walls & amp;shame ppl.he'll fall hard&amp ; be shamed before the world.he will be remembered a lier
so we should ignore the thousands of young girls and teenagers who were sexually abused by catholic priests because they do n't fit into your hateful , bigoted narrative of the sex abuse crisis .
those priests who molested young girls are part of the hetero lobby who we all know who prey on young girls and innocent teenagers .
you cite false facts to support your hatred and ignore one entire group of humans .
your obvious anti gay rhetoric is also anti women .
@rightfound @lucabicono @nthmaster @kingmikemusic @scottfantasy @nowthisnews @aoc all but one came from the us ?
what 's the use of telling american citizens to go back to where they came from ?
it was quite clearly based on their skin , gender , and vocal criticism of him that he idiotically lashed out with the first thing that came to his mind .
wow you sound like me .
i 'm ghana born but raised in the us .
i 'm actually moving to ghana for a job next week ( i work in the biomedical field ) .
i 'm not into religion either but i come from a pretty religious family .
my family is muslim on my dad 's side and christian on my mom 's side ( my mom converted to islam after meeting my dad ) .
being non - religious and childfree is like two worse things for an african to be .
btw sis does the israeli iq number include the iq of the inbred muslim palestinians if so that would really reduce the overall score do they have books in zimbabwae noticed you left out the ethiopian christians ruh roe sis is going to cry some more
fucking amazon move your ass aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
bark all you want you kalb .
that s all you people are good at .
you just bark like rabids dogs but when you get slapped by the mujahideen you run to the christians for protection .
like you did in iraq and syria
u gay because u go to the devil church they told u to be gay so u can get fame and riches and u have to take dick to be rich pretty sure u ca nt sleep in the night because demons be harasing u
dear god , send me a mother fucker with a fucking personality for christ 's sake
in texas fashion , i referenced someone as a hoe and she called me a nigger ... like damn ... it was n't that serious .
what is christianity but spiritual democracy who to say that aborted pail nigger is just as good and valid as you are god says the christian
@foggeenotion @glaad @realdonaldtrump why ?
why is who you have sex with now supposed to be crammed down everyone 's throat ?
who cares who you sleep with ?
i do n't .
you are n't at veteran status and need to be celebrated like that .
< user > no reasonable person is gon na beat someone up for saying nigger but ppl ain t reasonable and white ppl need to know they will likely get beat up lol that s not special treatment welcome to black culture 🙃
piece of human trash that woman is .
bro , you probably know this better than i. pontifical seminaries ( as opposed to pontifical faculties at real colleges ) are safe places where bishops and religious superiors can send their seminarians to get easy pontifical degrees and learn how the system works , without being corrupted by theology , science , or the modern world .
the lateran , alfonsianum , antonianum -- all exist so that members of specific religious orders ( or in the case of the lateranum , dioceses ) can get the degrees they need to seem qualified , without being too challenged in terms of academics or belief system . (
which is not to say that some people do n't manage to do serious work anyway . )
if the nuncio were to become involved , the josephinum board would probably rebel , and they 'd have a mess on their hands .
if you 're suggesting that the nuncio find another position for the bishop of charlotte , that could happen , but i would hope it would be an administrative position in rome , or as chaplain in an infirmary .
" an 18 - wheeler containing digiorno and tombstone frozen pizzas scraped a bridge support and sliced open its trailer wednesday ... " 

 pizza by the slice .
yeah it would have been so much better to let the nazis kill all the jews and all niggers and all the catholics and all the mud people and all the
when i am not fighting commies i am working towards leaving this shit stain ghetto called south florida can not wait to live on a farm in the country with nothing but my pets guns and trump loving bf to worry about been on a fermenting kick lately pickling lactofermentation
i do not condone violence or using trucks as weapons but if i was forced to convert to islam this is what you d get from my wh wh wh wh whitesharia
nigga slept with his mom .
the neo pagan classical alt right will worship a genderqueer odin a gay hitler and the 3 rd season of the wire on blu ray gon na be big
not caring that black women are < number > times as likely to abort their unborn baby than white women is not racist not wanting to fund abortion thereby protecting black lives is racist tom trinko sjwlogic
actually .... you are ignoring what your stupid book says .... it says to stone her .... but hey ... if you want to hide something from a christian .... put it in the old testament ... they never look there .
a priest and a rabbi are walking by a playground the priest see a kid playing on the swings and says “ mmm ... we should fuck that kid ” 

 and the rabbi says “ i agree , but out of what ? ”
a priest told me that he was secretly santa , but i could not tell anyone every time i came back from church my butthole hurts
< number > sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me < number > wah not my president i am triggered you are a rayciss xenophobe homophobe islamophobe biggoted cisgendered white male i need a safe space to crawl off to and be a big pussy in
i 've been paying monthly subscriptions for wwe network and i did n't even fucking know .
that means i could 've watched wrestlemania fuuuuckkkk
immigrant families make significant contributions to our economy , yet many are currently ineligible from accessing the # caleitc # cabudget url
it took me way too long to find out that confessing in front of a pastor has nothing to do with touching his penis .
he recently told me that it is all about his anus .
taeyong drinks his respecting women juice every morning
nobody dies a virgin .. even jesus got nailed before he died .
that a retarded non argument the bible is also a best seller in communist china
i would like to see a expansion of what the japanese do at their airports .
safe sleeping with additional room for a back pack .
seems to me you right wingers only managed in the last 5 years to accept homosexuals ; so ca n't we grant them some slack and recognize they will in due time ( while i am sure many have already ) .
con bots are like reformed cigarette smokers when it comes to homosexual rights .
took them forever to quit but when they did watch out .
of course there are many right winger christians in the states still wanting to kill for their own good homosexuals .... thoughts there greg ?
i 'm sorry , this move by the minister is baptistophobic and should be challenged under human and charter rights .
because it 's 2017 and equality for some , not others , is the federal governments new path .
rt @selfmadee_yg : @1stblocjeremiah wya bitch
christianity is exploding in africa because christianity is a primitive jewish sand nigger religion lol no surprise there if only white chritsians moved over there took their primitive jewish sand nigger religion with them
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
my new crv will come from that plant sometime in june for a july delivery .. thank you .
i find it kind of funny that they include no women in that picture .
perhaps they did nt realize women are integral to a nation .
otherwise i think its a great idea and wish them best of luck .
what ’s a life worth ?
the same price as the bullet that took it .
15 .
another important skill is the ability to work well with people .
if i ask your friends will they say ? #
lscinspires
i should hope that we have by now officially offered them disaster aid for the earthquake .
i 'm such a man whore , i will literally do anything a woman tells me to in bed .
@kaylin_fain hey do n't care all you want even after last night he 's still getting a big pay check so hate all you want
another lazy soulless cash - grab from disney , pushing the narrative that the only way a woman can be a strong hero is if she acts like a man ?
imagine my shock .
richard 's claim to fame is his ability to ignore all reason .
< user > full retard in europe
why is it all the faggots who demand christian bakers bake them a faggot loving cake have never found a muslim bakery demanded the muslims bake them a faggot loving cake always remember the truth is hate speech to those who hate the truth
the mental illness is strong with this one .
democrats are cowards .
they are so afraid of anyone else 's opinion that they have to shout them down , gang up against them , and shout obscenities and other words of hate .
the democrats in america are the most fearful people on planet earth .
they do all they can to stop freedom of speech for anyone who does not believe whatever b s they themselves believe .
i predict the big smack - down of those a holes is coming .
regarding : " an emerging catholic dialogue with muslims aims to show public support for islamic american communities . "
- inter - religious dialog for catholics is always a good .
- hopefully , and soon , this dialog will include discussions about parts of shar'a used / misused by terrorists , and other criminals .
- when any part of shar'ya is cited or misappropriated as a legal underpinning , or starting point , or implicit approval for rape of men , women , boys , and girls , for slaverly , for murder , for oppression because of religion or gender it is hoped that   those engaged in this dialog will repudiate the specific shar'ya , show that it was repudiated at another time , and identify or otherwise correct those muslim leaders who would exonerate the use of these shar'ya in a criminal or inhumane manner .
< user > lesbian fanatic she may represent a segment of the gay lesbian group but that it
this article was talking him up , but ... then it dropped into ' strong vs. weak ' , ' alpha vs. beta ' language and i went from being optimistic about jagmeet to wondering if i should be horrified .
he 's supposed to be on the left side of politics , is n't he ?
but that 's the kind of language the far right uses .
i 'm hoping it 's just the writer , not his party or base that thinks this way .
american media already know this is a non - story .
here 's a left wing perspective that shows all this russian bs is just dnc , hillary not taking responsibility for losing election , stealing nomination from bernie .
https://medium.com/theyoungturks/the-basic-formula-for-every-shocking-russia-trump-revelation-e9ae390d9f05
how do you get a nun pregnant ?
dress her as a little boy and send in a priest
more supportive of the lgbtq+ community
we take mosque hit and runs very seriously but if you are a muslim migrant and plow into a load of pedestrians we will do our best to rule it an accident
got kicked out of facebook again for < number > days because i called a muzzi alla a pedophile and a pervert no 1 st amendment over there the muzzis can call christians anything they want but not the other way around
# breaking : at 10:30 last night a 24 year old woman died in a car crash on route 727 near bluestone vineyard in rockingham county .
old white people really think they are entitled wow do not doubt the power i have over your exams bitch
dawg i just seen a chinese dyke i did not even kno those existed
what 's the most popular fiction book ?
the bible .
< user > < user > completely makes me sick that all the children raped by muslim rape gangs are being silenced by the under reporting of it but the left wing media go off the scale when some women was touch on the knee < number > years ago 🤬
i 'm ready for your dick in my friendly nigger ass !
thank you for admitting in clear terms that you are a terrorist that endorses kidnapping women and forcing them to undergo unwanted and dangerous medical procedures based on 16th century christian morality , and that you believe a bundle of cells that can literally neither think nor feel is worth the rights and dignity and lives of women .
should i come to know who you are , you will not be .
< user > everyone hate your knees
mississippi cops fatally shot an undocumented man they mistook for a domestic violence suspect want the best of vice news straight to your inbox sign up here when local mississippi police barged into the home of an undocumented auto mechanic in < number > they had the wrong g …
for all you white people time to wake the fk up white people freed the blacks and gave them a future in the < number > the democrats stepped in with pres johnson and bought them back into slavery with welfare by destroying the family no father needed and urban ghettos were born
< user > he never defended nazis you are a vacant talking head
why are preists called father ?
because its too suspicious to call them daddy
any homeopathic " cure " is water .
so yes , the placebo effect might be in existence if the patient believes that the treatment is effective .
however , it is highly unethical to prescribe a placebo to an unwitting patient .
a physician prescribing a sugar pill to a patient while telling them it was an effective , tested treatment for a given ailment would be subject to professional discipline .
your argument is for the use of placebos , not for homeopathy .
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
theresa may has recorded a video wishing jews a happy passover she did the same for moslems at ramadam it seems someone forgot to tell the old bag to do the same for easter or she thinks so little of christians she could not be bothered
oh you tough nigga but you < number > deep i got < number > lions with me you got < number > sheep
when i am not fighting commies i am working towards leaving this shit stain ghetto called south florida can not wait to live on a farm in the country with nothing but my pets guns and trump loving bf to worry about been on a fermenting kick lately pickling lactofermentation
< user > how do you distance yourself from nazism but at the same time you speak at their march
well , they 'll let just anyone be a cop these days .
learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant .
and what have you won exactly ?
that is what i love about the donald and people like you .
his winning is a joke .
lets see , hillary is free , the wall is far from being built , and isis is still around .
wtih success like the donald , who needs failure ?
enjoy the liar in chief while you can .
i do n't think he will be around for the midterms .
i think that is what i love most about you phony conservatives .
you have so much compassion for the less fortunate .
good thing you are not a christian .
how self righteous to think that your forgiveness means anything .
fuck you .
i do n't except .
as a matter of fact , i wish hell and fire on you .
you wannabe .
do you feel like a hypocrite for talking for god ?
according to your dogma , it 's not up to you to judge , right .
hypocrite .
hypocrite .
but , oh you belong in jesus .
oh sorry , here 's your red carpet to hell cuz that 's where you belong .
you fake ass christian .
you 're a demon that is full of shit and lies .
yahweh does n't love you .
< user > as harsh saying the best way to honour the murdered mp jo cox would be to get brexit done comparing black people to pickaninny muslim women to letterboxes no i do not believe it harsh at all
at a certain point you genuinely feel bad for the chinese people .
first they get fucked by chinese warlords .
then they get fucked by the japanese .
now they are being fucked by ccp .
i strongly believe that she 's everything by brad paisley is the sweetest , greatest love song of all time
@synclairwest @hayleyyjay yeah if you 're motivated enough to yap to strangers on the internet about their damnation , you are mad .
a big mad .
a whole mad .
go back to your cave , bible thumper .
get off jesus 's dick and let him rest without your fuckery , fool .
< user > oh i know they are i am not an idiot i am not arguing for judeo christian bullshit that worse than islam
as usual , @ejdionne is right on the money .
this shit all started with # bushvgore # nuclearoption # filibuster https://t.co/tgmakllo2 g
leo housakos said :   “ when you weaken the foundations of a parliamentary system , that ’s when tyranny starts taking over and the executive spreads itself out , ” 


 this is absolute comedy gold coming from housakos , the guy who attempted to subvert process by leaking details of the duffy audit report , as a part of the failed attempt to whitewash the duffy scandal .
yet you 're not paying them .
so why do you believe that you are in a position to make demands of them ?
how do you get a nun pregnant dress her up as an altar boy
btw sis does the israeli iq number include the iq of the inbred muslim palestinians if so that would really reduce the overall score do they have books in zimbabwae noticed you left out the ethiopian christians ruh roe sis is going to cry some more
was listening to a neighbor table of women in the library talk about how abortion is wrong .
made my day&#128588;&#127997 ;
jfc , this pastor is a demon !
url
s :   " squeezing the people " .
who do you think is footing the bill for the aca ?
we kind of have a hybrid here .
part of your pension -- canada pension plan -- does follow you .
if you move from one employer to another , you do n't start back at square one .
it 's just that cpp ca n't be your only source of retirement income .
some employers share a common pension plan .
the alberta local authorities pension plan is one example .
if you move from one lapp employer to another lapp employer , your pension follows you .
some pension plans allow you to transfer contributions from one pension plan to another if you change employers , though a person may have to " top up " the new plan to get the same pension income at retirement .
this arrangement exists for the federal public service pension plan and several of its provincial counterparts .
banned from the blue pill 
 they pretend to be accepting of the unattractive and open minded but they ca n’t handle the truth about looksism .
if you 're what you eat i 'm a dead 10 years old
how is getting your butt kicked by someone younger cheating lol
he says this because the democrats are working even harder to flood the country with illegal immigrants , and they want them to be able to vote , thereby giving them a large plurality of votes and a lock on all elections .
this will be much easier to do without the electoral college !
as opposed to the abundance of neo progressive delusionists
the twitter post in which l southern simonsen was exposed with her based trump hat nigger was made by a nazbol supposedly i am not too familiar with them it just funny that the white knights call some of us thot patrollers nazbol implying we are communists is alexander dugin nazbol
roll tide , bitches
may god punish but also forgive fornication that is unnatural senator .
there may be place in heaven for all .
i yearn for true gender equality
cbristians united for israel a zionist conference full of zionist money grabbing warmongering cunts who believe the world is about to come to an end weirdos
thinking the same thing .
once we went with a net profits tax the industry 's accountants and film flam men can lard up their write - offs in such convoluted ways that our auditors could never unravel them , if we ever bothered to conduct audits .
just put a meter on the pipeline and charge x% for our oil .
multiculturalism brings out the racist in all of us .
birds of a feather stick together .
clearly muslims and their religions imams do n't want to be held back or held accountable for the blatant    hatreds they spew about jews , gays and christians ,   but they want to make sure they can take   legal action against anybody who speaks the truth of islam 's hypocrisies .
like me .
i still wo n't forgive victoria 's secret for telling us trans women that we 're basically ruining the name by wearing their clothing
this is pure evil .
they are concerned about causing public scandal ?
i have seen priest who were convicted child molesters get a catholic funeral mass.   that was not scandalous ?
just find an old catholic priest and let him do the funeral mass.   shame on the diocese of madison i am embarrassed for them .
this faggot is under the influence of dick fuck this homo and his subversion tactics .
usa was founded for white christian people , if you 're not one or the other than leave .
i do n't wanna be that guy but i said you so .. first it was only straight white men now they 've also thrown off    straight black men ( except you need that synergy with blm ) white gay men and soon to be thrown off are black gay men straight white women   all trans genders , bisexuals and asexuals   all disableds if they do n't fall in line ... and all this happens before 2021
i ll use gay , retard and your mum as insult whenever i want .
no one cares about your sensitivities when i was n't being homophobic .
take it like you want wuss .
imagine thinking you are not in a race war already all this anti white propaganda the media spits out everyday is not real goyim go tell this nigger < user > ‍ says he should put a maga hat on
the majority of christians are niggers and spics fail
because you 're old and pathetic incel trash who only thinks of things that are n't funny .
just read the phrase " feminist agenda " and snorted into my cereal .
yes , let the international conspiracy be unveiled !
lies christians are kike lite revelation < number > < number > i know your afflictions and your poverty — yet you are rich i know about the slander of those who say they are jews and are not but are a synagogue of satan
oh i got these vegas dykes mad today
another disappointing opinion piece about the plight of saa by simon mantell .
after two articles on the same topic we still do n't know what the solution for our national carrier could be .
what we   do know is that if simon mantell had a say at the crucial moment in history in 194o millions of lives would have been spared .
both topics , saa and the invasion of france , deserve better than some incoherent rambling .
i recommend watching the documentary " of by for " , which explains why it 's only r vs d.
just like jesus rose lazarus for some reason he rose these horrible hoes hjklgfdszcvbgffd
true story a wise and funny indian chief from the states said something to the effect that at least columbus was n't trying to find turkey as that name would not have been good ...... lol
my facebook queer asians groupchat is my whole life rn
thanks for the recent follow @theotterseyes @wereldhistoried happy to connect :) have a great wednesday .
➡ ️want it&#127379; ❓ https://t.co / evzfbmnl41
at least none of the men are wearing earrings .
can ’ t fw a nigga who doesn ’ t know how to manage his time
first , we use the law on defamation of character .
libel is in print and slander is verbal .
since the fake news , might actually influence political decisions making , that might be a start .
all laws , can add on , as the need arises .
this would be a start .
" rt @_kinleywinley : i hate boring ass conversations , i 'd rather you ask me something stupid & amp ; funny than ask me " " wyd " " every five minutes . "
we take mosque hit and runs very seriously but if you are a muslim migrant and plow into a load of pedestrians we will do our best to rule it an accident
scammers got ta scam !
and folks like that never seem to lack for suckers willing to hand over their hard earned money to support their expensive tastes and desires .
so very christian .
arab army i 'm really proud of you   you did great job bts please see arab army thay really want a care   we see you go to a lot of places in the world but you do n't give arab army any care we love you and wish see you soon # whatabutarabarmy
that fuckin beaner guard is an illegal and they was gon na have him kill paddock before and prevent the massacre then praise illegals in the news as heros but he brown so he fucked it up i m calling it
starting to get tired of niggas
recruiting & amp;#187 ; christian playwrights , actors , stage managers , theatre / film / stage ... educators .
ministry leaders .
professionals .
@ugmusica
certainly a white ethnostate would permit no blacks asians hispanics or arabs
i was n't saying our past is n't illuminated by misdeeds .
the point i was trying to make is that our religion " teaches to love one another as you love yourself " , whereas islam teaches that " infidels are worthy only of death " .
and since i am a   christian , i am an infidel , and i dont believe i am worthy only of death because i 'm not the right kind of muslim ! ! !
for crying outloud , thanks to the sunni= shiite rift , each thinks the other infidel , worthy only of death !
you cant win with them .
the other point i 'm trying to make is what is really important is not the past where mistakes were made , but the here and now and a need to be realistic and protect ourselves from religious fundamentalists .
that condemn us to death .
: (
should've won that bloody match , damn it ref .
ibra 's goal was n't even offside damn it
yep it in the genes trashy diane shagging a raghead now her son hooked up with a mud time to abolish royals when qeii moves on they are such chavvy trailer trash prince harry
god you re a fuckin fag
what happens when you import niggers mudslimes their culture includes gang rape and honor killings of course they have no regard for western values they ca nt overcome there nature i do not blame the poc slime i blame the whites who let them in and the jews scheming has an effect
lynn - i found the referenced article from 2002 .
coleridge was incredibly childish and insulting .
and , he has not always been as clear and articulate as i am sure he wished to be - consider his recent comments on the gay marriage vote .
but , he is saying some of the right things now , reaching outside the box for a way to bring the church into the world of today .
i think he goes much further than pell ever would have and i have to wonder if he does n't scare the pants off of some of the other pell - like bishops .
he talks as if the vatican is going along with his views about bringing more women and lay people into governance .
maybe they are just waiting to see if something really comes out of this that they can accept .
putting lay people into governance is going to upset a lot of apple carts .
still , he at least is thinking outside the box of rules and tradition the church seems so stuck on .
if not coleridge , then who ?
is there hope for the catholic church there ?
< user > so whites hate whites more than blacks hate whites your train of thought kind of lost me there
comment here cucks and subs !
beautiful domme to own you !
saunders wants to eliminate national borders and identity because of the inconveniences they impose on his bilderberger/0.1 % masters .
" if donald trump is the next hitler then i am joining his ss to put an end to monotheist question .
all zionist jews , all christians who do not follow christ 's teaching of love , charity , and forgiveness and all jihadi muslims are going to madagascar or the ovens / fema camps ! ! !
does this make me a fascist ! ! ! "
--jeremy christian
@nerdswizzle21 @capitalswiftone @isiandbreeze _ how is this implying she s not straight ... ?
shut up bitch cuck penis vagina nigger cracker butt anus liwuid !
read any and all documented history from the early european colonization of north america and war was always a threat between different tribes .
native canadians were not any different in this aspect to any other group of people around the world .
there is no reason for smoking the peace pipe without war .
history is forgotten or it it picked and chosen .
it is natural to gloss over the history that is n't flattering and to highlight the history that shows an atrocity , but it does n't make it fact .
the native canadian way of life wo n't save anyone , including themselves .
the reserves are a joke and the indian act must be abolished before the native canadians can have a healthy life .
the biggest crime to the native people was the schools .
many were abused , but that was a small issue compared to the problem that the children were taken from their parents and never learned how to be a parent .
how could they be expected to parent without a role model .
generations of common knowledge stolen .
at least harvey weinstein only raped and assaulted the gentiles not angelina jolie or gwyneth paltrow so he still a good jew spacey not a jew 😦 😊
< user > naseeruddinshah is right and should preach this to rohingya muslims who desperately seeking shelter in intolerant india
fucked around and ran it up then i fucked around and lost it all
so horribly sad .
i would really love for parents to be held more accountable .
these kids did n't become like this overnight .
they were created .
i am so excited to see @mhoranrosenthal reunite with @patriciaheaton on april 11th 's episode of # themiddle !
i would say follow your heart because it is really worth it .
i dealt with debilitating depression and anxiety for close to 10 years due to repressing my true self .
things did n't suddenly become perfect overnight , but since accepting i am gay , i am happy for the first time since i was a teenager .
it took me some time to get there , but it has been so worth it to be happy being my true self .
plus , have you seen girls ?
they are so pretty and wonderful and i get to date them now , which is pretty freaking awesome !
heard that homo < user > ‍ little < number > < number > < number > inch wiener gets rock hard everytime he hears an alt righter say nigger wetback or faggot classic sadistic degenerate you know why he here fam
< number > sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me < number > wah not my president i am triggered you are a rayciss xenophobe homophobe islamophobe biggoted cisgendered white male i need a safe space to crawl off to and be a big pussy in
the religion of peace destroys everything it touches .
they are remnants from the dark ages that should have stayed there .
url
anybody watching tucker carlson right now fucking beaner has been in the country since < number > years old and still ca nt speak proper english for fuck sake makes me want to pull my hair out
wrongo man ... i love strong women .
love them .
i think we should do more to make women as strong and as tough as possible for the good of all society .
i got the email notification of this comment twice .
were you zapped again ?
btw .... i understand one peer reviewer does not have the ability to zap commentd - the comments are reviewed by at least three independent commenters .
so one person is n't enough .
still waiting for proof of what you have claimed , too ....
lynn , you described why i am an agnostic .
it is clear that being christian does not prevent white racism , lynch mobs , back alley abortions , or racial discrimination in general .
the gop is now the white identity party and the democrats are feckless .
sounds like someone that is mentally ill .
when was the last time ww wrote up one of reed 's female mathematicians , poets , performance artists , anthropologists , physicists , novelists , psychologists or politicians ?
spring always makes the ww writers anxious for reed scandal stories , but ignoring all the women from reed who have made positive contributions to society is incredibly misogynist .
amongst my favorites : 
 suzan delbene , 1983 - united states representative from washington state ( d ) 
 barbara ehrenreich , 1963 - scientist , writer and social critic 
 anne k. munsey , senior deputy public defender oregon court of appeals 

 how about some real reporting on women besides with whom they have sex ?
because it seems like willamette week thinks that that 's all women are good for .
in gods eyes love the sinner hate the sin
@more_milf @mcitlfraphorism we love an lgbtq hero ugh
justin trudeau not being able to differentiate between isis fighters and regular refugees is stunning he is blatantly trying to confuse and manipulate the two he is now the most irresponsible and undeserving leader we have ever seen
< user > a little ghetto but congrats 🤠
yes i do remember that ... when obama won you could n't find a republican who would admit for voting for w not once but twice .
w drove the usa economy off a freakn cliff , started 2 ' off budget ' wars we are still fighting today ... yet ... the only thing that mattered to 'em was that there was a black man in office and the deficit was all obama 's fault ... 

 the deficit only matters to 'em when a black man is in office .
now that cheetolini is in office , you do n't hear a peep from repubs about spending except when it is spending focused on usa citizens .
all domestic spending bad .
all war spending good .
the military industrial machine is full of eligible voters who get their paychecks from defense contracts , the irony is n't lost of myself that many of these suburban folks in ' republican ' areas consider themselves christian ... but sh*t howdy do they pray to the alters of money and war ! ! !
they are sick ! ! !
dems need to pull the thumb on not running hilary and sanders together pres / vp .
one more insane christian fascist infecting the entire governing system of the nation
if the priest has a husband , ( actually , it was a church employee who got married ) , no problem at all .
about half of priests are gay and a significant number are not chaste , so it would be better to get rid of celibacy so they can be married rather than on the down low .
as for giving money , yes , to every child regarldess of parental wage.+you should too if you claim to be pro - life .
ever here of milton friedman and pope pius xi ?
they agree .
i would rather be in the part of the catholic cafeteria that does justice rather than the one who persecutes what they do not understand .
aloha denby , do you know who owned leahi before it was taken by the military ?
if these were king lunalilo 's lands , they should be returned to the lunalilo trust .
if crown lands , they should transferred to oha .
mahalo .
if folks like culture guard ( the name is risible ) want “ traditional values ” ( you know like hatefulness , bigotry , ignorance , prejudice - ahh the good old days ) they have the right to homeschool   their kids or send them to private school .
in a pluralistic democracy however , we are going to be inclusive .
that is where our society is going .
i realize that it is confusing for simpletons to think out side of the binary ( good / evil , right / wrong , boy / girl ) and yet conceptualizung ambiguity is a hallmark of emotional intelligence .
oh and btw , i am a devout catholic , send my kids to private catholic school but i have no issues whatsoever accepting lgbtq kids .
my god is a god of love .
funny , come to think of it , my god was killed by people who could n’t get past the “ god / man ” binary .
figures .
so anyone who claims “ christianity ” as their inability to accept these kids is a hypocrite .
period .
< user > oh i know they are i am not an idiot i am not arguing for judeo christian bullshit that worse than islam
omg you 're fucking hot and your pussy deserves to be fucked and wet
yeah ... beatings ... that was a real thing , in the catholic world .
and child abuse - real .
but we must forgive the church ? -
fuck that .
i do not condone violence or using trucks as weapons but if i was forced to convert to islam this is what you d get from my wh wh wh wh whitesharia
men must not confuse chivalry with letting women walk all over you
yep it in the genes trashy diane shagging a raghead now her son hooked up with a mud time to abolish royals when qeii moves on they are such chavvy trailer trash prince harry
this patient is like x school is full of black people ghetto stop right there bitch self hating fuck you do not get a free pass to say racist shit because you are half black
many reasons i just know when m billions of blax muzzeez la raza jews and christinas say they want to exterminate all white people and start doing it i believe them
what ’s the best selling science fantasy novel ?
the bible
i could also ask why left - wing catholics supported an amoral philanderer conman like bill clinton .
yall know serena williams is a man .
i will have to look into it but i never hear stories like the english prison muslim stories from people who have been inside in scotland they seem to enjoy it for the most part lol
jesus never met a chinaman
neighbor98 ... you keep railing against a place you 've never stepped foot in , and judging people you do n't know .
the irony is rich , as you continually insult imago dei , and try to play the part of the victim ... imago dei is against you and your choices .
i am quite certain no one in that church is overly concerned with who you share a bed with .
you seem to be the only one making your lifestyle an issue .
why are you so angry about imago dei ?
i think its because you perceive them to be a group of christians who actually believe something ... wait for it ... exist in your community .
what would you have them do ... leave ?
the loaded words you keep throwing out are way over the top : " imago dei = westboro church " , [ imago dei teaches ] " homophobic misogynist " doctrine , and you and imago dei are " not friends , [ but ] enemies . "
if you actually believe that last quote , then i 'd say you 're the one with the problem .
do n't be a hypocrite , neighbor .
look .
any so called ' economist ' who would even try to compare canada to greece is nothing more than a wanker and sh*t disturber .
canada has more wealth potential than practically any other country on earth .
the only reason that canadians are so far in debt is the same reason americans are so far in debt - for 30 years now , there has been an annual net loss of income ,   even when not accounting for inflation .
worse when you do account for inflation .
the child rape scandal has exposed the claim the church is guided by the holy spirit at every moment of every age to be a pathetic lie .
this nigga nipsey really dead smh
and so tonight the filthy , racist , criminal president has pardoned the filthy , racist , criminal ex - sheriff for the sheriff 's long , public , defiant violation of the human , political and civil rights of persons with black and brown skin .
despicable .
" the politics that christianity requires " ?
msw has never written truer words than these : 
 " there is a moral obligation to resist him , tooth and nail , day in and day out , with all the moral fiber and intellectual rigor we can muster . "
( 1 of 2 ) “ even in our moments of deepest grief , in the moments when time stands still and life seems unfair … ” # elderclayton | # ldsconf
so , it is not enough to refuse women ordain as a priest when you know women has more spiritual power because women hold more pureness in them .
so historically , catholic clergies used witch hunt to shut women ’s mouth , i see !
fr .
reese , are you trying to shut women ’s mouth by starting the old witch hunt trick ?
however , it is 21st century and women hold power throughout every fields in society now it wo n’t be successful to silence women like 15th century !
now you catholic clergies lost trust and respect from just about all fields & level of people already !
so stop your empty attempt of shutting women down with your not so holy attempt ! ! !
rotflol ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
fr .
reese , there are no other ways to have spiritual power except pursuing personal holiness , i am sorry to say !
try to stop raping children to start with ! ! !
:-) :-) :-)
so has christianity .
this is one man , one case .
there are a few boneheads but this is not " widely abused " .
trump obviously .
there is far more diversity of opinion here than mr. trump has shown any willingness to tolerate .
nothing says humble and loving like insulting someone character and insisting you are needed to fix them maybe start ousting the faggots and pedophiles from your church before you even begin to speak on what i need
" @berniestaxrtrns @vabvox @terrorizermir if you are tying to " " educate " " lol seriously do n't need to keep me in the loop .
i could help you tho . "
i hate you cowards
imagine if iranian tv went to texas and taped peoples reaction towards waco siege video .
i do nt think texans would be as polite as beijing students here
levar burton called shatner a bitch lol .
would you feel better with the term disgruntled rather than sour grapes ?
regardless of the terminology i feel sour grapes over trump and it feeds my enthusiasm for the hand maid 's tale .
what ’s the difference between a priest and acne ?
acne waits till the boy is 12 years old to come on his face .
hi diii .
sorry for the late response here , but just wanted to explain how the commenting platform works .
civil comments is a crowd - sourced moderation system .
if a comment is deleted , it is not because a moderator at seattle weekly disagrees with it , but because the community of commenters has decided that it is not civil or valuable .
it is not a perfect system , which is why we still have moderators checking in to make sure that the comments that are deleted are deleted for the right reasons ( hate speech , threats , blatant misinformation ) , and not purely for ideological reasons .
we often approve comments that the community disapproves , but rarely do we disapprove comments that the community approves .
here is a video that explains how the platform works .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjdjpbazpp8 

 thanks for reading , and i hope you will continue to comment .
mark baumgarten 
 editor in chief
niggas used to home invade just to get finesse by the pawnshop 😂 😂 😂
the culture should handle all those questions .
but right now , we do n't have a culture after 50 years of liberalism , feminism , social engineering and globalism .
we do n't need more rules and numbers .
we need our culture back .
hey i 'm a little !
and i 'm gay 😁 i love making new friends , if you wanna message me feel free ☺ ️
petition : creation of bureaus within the united nations securing and promoting equal gender rights for men and boys
i hate being the only hijabi lol
to address your question , i do n't think hillary is an honest person , and i would say that obama is largely honest , although things do n't always turn out how he intends , which could certainly come across as dishonest .
to the greater point about bernie , and socialism in general , is that it 's complicated .
socialism is n't a universal failure .
there are european countries where it has worked , and there are asian countries ( such as china ) where it has , largely , worked .
the answer is n't a blanket statement of " does socialism work or not , " but rather one about what is the proper role of government .
unfettered capitalism has largely proven to be ineffective in a number of areas , so we as a society have decided to regulate it .
i 'm about as much of a capitalist as you 'll find , but i think we can all point out shortcomings with the current system .
moving the top tax rate from 40 % to 50 % is n't the same thing as being " socialist " and we are being intellectually dishonest when we portray it as such .
or ... it would drive the last of the middle income earners out of houses and out of the community , and leave the sf detached model as the preserve of the wealthy .
which is already happening in many areas of metro vancouver .
a better solution would   be to restrict the commodification of housing , and take steps to reduce it .
( in my city of richmond , 47 % of the housing units in the city centre are sold and empty ! ) .
we could restrict the purchase of residential housing by non residents and non citizens , we could tie capital gains exemptions into income tax paid and the   length of time you have live in your house .
we could increase taxation on speculation and flipping .
increasing tax on   those who want to stay in the homes they have raised their families in , in the neighbourhoods they have volunteered and contributed to , should be the last resort .
@awejones fuck him right off you were baptized by satan the minute you sucked a dick 🤣
republicans do n't get to pretend that race has nothing to do with it after trump started spewing racist rhetoric at every turn and they still support him .
what do you think the current population of the altright is ?
i agree , but i do find that that fox seems to try to be fair and balanced , whereas the other stations clearly do not .
it also makes for more of a debate format , which in my mind is more interesting than hearing one side   as presented on msnbc , etc .
fox news by far is the most watched , so they must be doing something right .
listen to the msm talk about jon ossoff .
they describe him as the second coming of obama .
it 's really bad .
why does this matter ?
beyond the obvious , it explains why the " educated " voters of hawaii ( there 's that word again ) , support projects like rail .
if hawaii had a robust two party system , does anyone believe the rail project would be presented as a 3 billion dollar plus project with the feds committing 1.5 billion ?
not a chance .
all the derogatory 
 comments about trump are absurd .
democrats know it , but they rely on all the democratic pundits to keep the story line going .
there needs to be an opposition party in hawaii , period .
nuke north korea now , while we can take down anything he can put in the sky , if we keep waiting and waiting he will eventually have thousands and start selling them to he muslims .
it is easier to kill the alligator when it just came out of the egg than wait until it is 15 feet long .
dropped all my hoes for someone .
but was that a good decision ?
find out on the next episode of dragonballz & # 128514 ;
funny reply but possibly not civil !
only faggots delete posts
it 's their birth rate that people always forget .
i think we the united states of america should just blow iran from the face of the planet and any other country that supports terrorists .
hello , i joined stormfront today and i am pleased to be here .
< user > lesbian fanatic she may represent a segment of the gay lesbian group but that it
< user > frere t ’ es gay
keep deleting my comments ! !
and i 'll just keep commenting .
jesus is the only way to eternal life .
he died for everyones sins .
these people worship satan .
they say god all the time but they are not talking about the living god .
they are talking about their false god satan .
repent and accept jesus christ as your lord and savior .
john 3:16 ! ! ! !
how about the self important steaming pile from california shut up and comply ?
is that too hard to do there fluffy ?
air travel has become far too grayhound bus like and the quality of the passenger is the problem .
i 'm flying delta next week and i hope they do n't take any crap off the dirtbags on that flight either .
without consequences there 's no accountability .
i am grumpy over having to argue about if cnames are allowed to have underscores .
it 's in the freaking rfc .
😤
sounds like someone that is mentally ill .
gay people tweeting about got just look like they ’ re ready to party and play
yall grandma 's gone get y all for playing around in them curtains & # 128557;&#128557;&#128557 ; literally the most funniest thing ... anybody else 's looking & # 128128;&#128128 ;
heard that homo < user > ‍ little < number > < number > < number > inch wiener gets rock hard everytime he hears an alt righter say nigger wetback or faggot classic sadistic degenerate you know why he here fam
i am anti genocide ... therefore the invading third world hordes need to go home !
speaking of unholy alliances , why do rightwing catholics support an amoral philanderer conman like trump ?
@donttrythis while you quoted the wrong thing , i want to point out that these are the homophpbic talking points that i as a queer trans woman hear so much of in arguments for censoring and " toning down " pride .
remember this if anyone tells you to censor pride because they 're " uncomfortable "
psalms 13:6    i will sing unto the lord , because he hath dealt bountifully with me .
i pray your day has been an amazing one .
remember # god is in control and when you surrender your life to him , you 're life is favored .
hard to keep a straight face .
i knew of a black family in the neighbourhood more than half   century ago .
he worked for the railroad .
fact : black men employed as sleeping car porters in canada from the late nineteenth century until the mid-1950s experienced racial discrimination and exploitation on the job .
to improve their situation they turned to unions such as the brotherhood of sleeping car porters .
fact : ethnic slurs were widely used in the pre-1950s era . ...
and exclusion of blacks " from elite social clubs , beaches and resorts in montréal , toronto and winnipeg " was common . (
the canadian encyclopedia ) 
 the kids were teased a bit .
i have n't been around black people since then .
i just do n't see the problem .
> " when you 're called a nazi , a bigot , a racist , a sexist , a transphobe , and a misogynist for absolutely no reason , and that kind of dehumanization occurs for literally years , needless to say it 's probably not the safest scene out there for me right now . "
hot heaping christ you got ta be some kind of brainwashed to legitimately believe there 's no reasonwhy anyone would call colin moriarty a bigot .
it was claude
no one gets paid what they 're worth .
no one .
we only get paid what the company we work for feels our value to them is worth .
if we are more of a value to that company , then we get paid more .
to me , one should n't get paid more money just because they worked there the longest .
check out # whiteproverbs , it is making my day .
< user > i heard my birth mother was raped by joe and here i am proof bring on the free dna kit oh n the back child support baby needs a new pair of shoes
yooo this bitch is off her knockers lmao
who watches anime .
only gay people do
that pope is compromised and that baldy miget bastard higgins is a closet sodomite .... i would n't listen to either of the bought and paid for dirty globalist pigs .... 🇮 🇪 🇮 🇪
... and those same muslims do not have public outrage for all the coptic christians whom were slaughtered on only a couple weeks ago ... no , no good graces or reviews for the muslim community
you are confusing ghetto niggas with christian blacks if you do not see a difference it because you have not associated with many christian blacks but then why would you you are an atheist you and i do share the common goal of stopping more anti white mongrels from invading america though
they will literally ban you for saying men and women exist now
the romans had animals rape women to death , while the spectators cheered
< user > bro pls do nt kill yourself bro pls
the kleins can go ahead and say whatever they want to say about their religious beliefs as " christians . "
but do n't sit here and pretend like this was some courageous act by two god loving americans .
their christian beliefs do not require them to " have nothing to do with promoting homosexual behavior . "
christians do not believe that " promoting " homosexual behavior puts their immortal souls in danger .
this is complete and utter garbage .
this is not christ .
jesus christ would have been the first person to serve these people , with no judgement or need to condemn .
you sir are the absolute scum of the earth .
using jesus christ 's holy name to slander and condemn an entire group of people for fear of your immortal soul ?
yes christ , who never once mentioned to openly and adamantly take a stand against homosexuality , but did mention 11 times in the bible to love one another .
the klein 's are not victims .
take your faux christianity elsewhere , you 're making the rest of us look bad .
fbi < allcaps > are investigating members of omar mateen 's church the priests have refused to share any information , claiming " we do n't kiss and tell '
some day allah and ram together will wipe of these guys off the face of earth .
and thereafter .
not only these guys .
their godfathers as well .
my thoughts exactly , because not only do sharia law and christian law parallel each other , christians are bombing and terrorizing right alongside their muslim counterparts .
stalemate .
obama is a black muslim and above reproach .
trump is   white christian and open to any and all criticism .
men must not confuse chivalry with letting women walk all over you
greatamericandaily.com/trey-gowdy-dropped-a-bombshell-that-ruined-everything-for-this-deep-state-leaker/ … trey gowdy appeared on fox news and demanded that comey testify and explain himself .
republicans are fake christians , christ was not white , he loved everybody regardless of color , evangilicals are fakr christians , they support puss * grabbing and underage girls supplied to trump by his epestine .
just ask any one in palm beach will tell you what was going in ...
some people do n't like change , but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster . #
elonmusk # bonjour # woensdag # teaplease
i guess i should have known that there are too many bleeding heart liberals in the nw to get an answer to this thread .
you can find my books on amazon.com 
 i 'm a romance and thriller writer ~ also have a children 's series !
nhl history is littered with players whose careers got off the great flying starts , then not much .
tyler myers .
not looking good for aaron ekblad .
steve penney comes to mind .
is mitch marner just the latest in a long string of very talented players who ca n't take the heavy going ?
does he even know that the guy standing in front of the net at the other end of the ice way down there is a teammate of his ?
in much the same vein as the randy carlyle and michel therrien dismissals can come down to the fact that both had their teams in or very nearly in a playoff spot at the time of the firings , and that fact and only that fact and nothing else ever , matters , the answer , if you can stay with the dots connecting on the blue - and - white scale of this time i know it 's for sure , then yes .
i for one appreciate your lte .
your comments illustrates well a fact of life recognized by few .
that given a sense of power and a person will in all likelihood expose their true sense of character .
that you have mr. monson , i believe team whidbey needed that .
islam is a cancer and it needs control .
the media is fake makes me sick .
well done tommy
priest , american and german stand in a burning orphanage .
the german says : we have to safe all se children .
the american says : are you crazy ?
we got ta get out of here .
fuck all the children .
the priest says : sure - but do we still have time ?
dear susan rice why would or should we believe your tweets about the refugee ban when your department and administration caused the refugee crisis in the first place better yet when are you going to say climate change was caused by a conservative video skeptical of climate change protests
omg again doing 3 things here at once and on the tv ... televisions greatest ever moment and they have bob geldof you have to be having a laugh ... if i won a triple euro millions roll over i d take that bastard to court to ask fir my money back
you 're taking time out of a kids learning because of 1/2 a fucking inch i think not .
