as a result of his lack of judgment , poor political instinct and flawed values mr. morneau has proven to be one of the worst finance ministers and should resign .
clearly by avoiding queation period he knows this is this case .
stop delaying and show some respect for the position you hold and the canadian people apologize yourself and resign .
i have basically just deleted every personal file and cleared the program folders out .
there 's only 16 gb free now ... how ...
< user > crazy rich rich asians 😍 😍 😩
i would like to say and i can proudly say that there are no jews in iceland , those that tried to get here were all sent back to germany ...
123 - bg 456 - mk 78 - bg 910 - mk 6 errors from 10 , as you see is same like before , average answares are 5 / 5 , 1 less or more do n't change it .
what a wicked blasphemous " comedy " show .
no race on the planet hates the lord jesus as much as jews seem to . "
if any man love not the lord jesus christ , let him be anathema maranatha".-------1 cor 16:22 .
1 bad season makes you forget about the national championship game appearances , conference championships , and 10 double digit win seasons in a row ?
i agree the new staff is even better , but that does n't mean the previous one sucked , and we ca n't still appreciate what they helped do before 2016 .
" used to have a girlfriend , now all i got is hoes .. i was lookin for a good girl , but she was fuckin on the low . "
let 's build a theme park on temple mount .
it will create jobs .
who cares about what jews and muslims think .
i see too many pedestrians who are not paying attention .
i was brought up in manitoba in a small community where the railroad went right through the town .
when we were preschoolers , it was drilled into our heads to stop !
look !
listen ! .
we need some kind of similar indoctrination for city pedestrians , especially the young .
in my view , a pedestrian should be paying full attention , ready to even   jump away ( except for those who are frail and elderly ) .
i pride myself on paying full attention to what is going on around me when i cross a street .
and that does make it more difficult for a vehicle to hit this pedestrian .
( that is also one reason why i keep myself very fit . )
unbelievable that we allow some pedestrians to saunter across in traffic in some kind of a zombie dreamlike state .
jc stang the big 3 , employment , housing & medicine .
lgbt can be legally discriminated in many states .
yes , it 's really peculiar how every topic in the world is subject to critical analysis and open debate except the ` ` holocaust '' .
@alyssa_milano @rachelmckibbens i got your nazi right here 👇 12/30/08 ft lauderdale , fl .
pro - palestine muslim protester calls for jews to " go back to the oven "   --"you need a big oven , that 's what you need , "   url   # sendherback # concentrationcamps   # istandwithtrump   # trumprally   disavowed
no the hardest part about being a lesbian is dealing with men lol
it been nearly three weeks since a man described as a somali immigrant attacked evenson while she was walking home from work in uptown minneapolis slashing and stabbing her relentlessly while trying to drag her off of a public street
bring it motherfucker jewbag bring ya shaloms from boston west end jewish synagogue and come to the chinatown gate where i 'll fucking break - snap your neck in five fucking moves .
🤥 😤 🤢 😤 😤 i 'll make newton and brookline including sharon awestruck the morning of while they sip on their fuck u khed dunkin coolata on the zone 8 mbta - crrc commuter rail line bitch ass cuckerberg limousine liberal nig - loving zionist scrub .
🤬 * *
kids and pets best when they are someone elses
call in the " pickers " first so as to pay off some of that bill then sue the renters .
i was wondering why i was getting new followers and that tweet was blowing up again .
the friend zone impact .
missing muslim teen maarib al hishmawi has been found i reported on her honor violence disappearance last month she told authorities that her parents poured hot cooking oil on her and hit her with broomsticks when she objected to an arranged marriage
“ i do n’t know where i am going , but i am on my way . ”
― voltaire
> humane immigration system maybe you could volunteer to suck off every central american in holding and challenge them afterwards to some one on one smash bro time ?
seems way more productive then helping out homeless americans at the soup kitchen or planting a tree .
never trust jews .
they are the real predators .
never mind the " tough " questions kirk .
how about an easy question .
how much is it going to cost to build rail to ala moana ?
if you can not provide a definitive answer for which you can be held accountable , then the extension should be a " no " until you can answer the question .
and extending with even with no permanency exists is futile .
if they extend it to 2042 , many people will be dead before the tax sunsets .
even john " i 'm not a homosexual " egbert thought candy karkat was hot so it 's canon
i never saw the privilege of being gay until i just saw a guy grab 8 boxes of pregnancy tests at the dollar store 💀
what 's the worst part about being black and jewish ?
you have to count all the money you steal / you have to sit in the back of the oven
daily reminder that if you are over 20 yo and virgin its over 
 you just seem like an unwanted weirdo especially if you are ldaring all day with little to none contacts from the outside
why do nt jews like the internet ?
because they always got roasted by nazis
what ’s the name of a foo fighters song that could also be used to describe the living conditions of jews in 1941 ?
the sky is a neighbourhood
i am confused they say that national identity is made up are they really trying to say it ok to be white regardless of any borders are they really trying to say whites are the best regardless of any borders
iraqi attacki !
love this guy ! !
problem is the jews have infinity niggers at their disposal they ve got niggers sand niggers and beaners enough to keep whites busy until you and i are dead
i * want * religious people to have their imaginary friend because often it seems like the only thing stopping them from raping and pillaging .
just stop worrying that i 'm going to hell , i actually prefer warmer weather .
nottinghamshire police 
 does anyone know of a case where this police force has actually regarded mild harassment as a hate crime and , if so , what happened to the accused ?
< user > sorry that paging dr faggot does not land anymore
economic justice : bc claws back cpp from people on disability , brutally illustrated by a brave woman living this reality @metvanalliance
how self righteous to think that your forgiveness means anything .
fuck you .
i do n't except .
as a matter of fact , i wish hell and fire on you .
you wannabe .
do you feel like a hypocrite for talking for god ?
according to your dogma , it 's not up to you to judge , right .
hypocrite .
hypocrite .
but , oh you belong in jesus .
oh sorry , here 's your red carpet to hell cuz that 's where you belong .
you fake ass christian .
you 're a demon that is full of shit and lies .
yahweh does n't love you .
fine , let 's say for every one of the white supremacists at the rally there is 100 more in the closet and 1000 more who are active sympathizers to the idea that all blacks and jews should be murdered .
that 's about 110,000 people .
sound better ?
again , there are 325 million people in the usa .
ugh knowing so many young girls are gon na be forced in some states to carry a rapists baby or basically kill themselves attempting to abort it , is so heart breaking .
🥺
a jewish country in the middle east does not make sense .
130 years of jews living on land surrounded by arabs / muslims has made that clear .
violence .
the only way out is for israel to move .
i 'm taking my college funds and using them to start a self sufficient farm .
how are jews superior to any other group of people on the planet ?
they have proven to lose weight significantly faster
jooish pedophiles
sorry , but uk police are the absolute worst when it comes to do with anything related to muslim terrorism and tracking departing / returning jihadists who join isis .
isis ' vacations ' for wannabe terrorists is a big status symbol for muslims in the uk .
add to that the way the uk police fail to handle muslim clerics who openly push hate and death upon jews in muslim street protests , or the high rape numbers , forced groomings of non - muslims young girls to serve as prostitutes , it starts to build a pretty damning picture of the uk police and what they tolerate under their noses .
tommy robinson has been a big and open critic of them , and he 's been given no protection or receives no investigations into threats on his life , even though he 's been attacked by muslim bullies numerous times and his life is threatened on a regular basis .
it 's a police responsibility to protect him when threats are made on his life but they just look the other way .
the uk has a huge problem with their police .
this thread covered some of the same ground as the northern ireland thread , but was proceeding without flames .
what was the jew doing in the ashtray ?
family research
what ’s the similarities between a jew and a stiff nipple ?
they both disappear after a hot shower .
it is the most uninspiring piece of rusting metal ever seen .
hope it falls forward and has to be dragged away .
far away .
it 's awful .
are you mentally retarded , a gay , or both ?
like this entire false reality blindfolds us to what we really are and our power to not only see thru this but to c … https://t.co/yeprlkdrmq
whites will always be the defenders of all atrocities their ancestors executed and refer to an unwritten history of blacks massacring koi people .
this is a pure lie in defense of what their ancestors did to blacks .
what germans did they accepted their brutality against jews and today they are better friends .
white south africans are stubbornly   refusing to apologize for the atrocities they performed against blacks across the african continent .
by so doing harmony amongst the races of sa remains invisible .
yeah there 's also the whole slavery and genocide of native americans that we did .
america is an evil shithole but it 's always been that way , there are no high points in our history .
that funny hoodbilly i have always referred to myself as ghetto hick because halfway through my childhood my parents moved me from the city to the country i am a white girl who can rap and change brakes on a muddin truck hehe 😍 😍 👊 👊
people think white nationalists want war and to exterminate others when in reality all we want is separation
how self righteous to think that your forgiveness means anything .
fuck you .
i do n't except .
as a matter of fact , i wish hell and fire on you .
you wannabe .
do you feel like a hypocrite for talking for god ?
according to your dogma , it 's not up to you to judge , right .
hypocrite .
hypocrite .
but , oh you belong in jesus .
oh sorry , here 's your red carpet to hell cuz that 's where you belong .
you fake ass christian .
you 're a demon that is full of shit and lies .
yahweh does n't love you .
an entitled mum against trans people .
we have dipped as a species .
in all fairness , good story .
you keep being you , and remember that you will always have friends to support you in your toughest times
zack buck unpacks flaws in states ' medicaid managed care bidding processes . #
slu_healthlaw # slu_law https://t.co/jmoeqv1x2f
extradition has nothing to do with immigration .
president obama deported more people than any prior president .
its brainwashing starts at school they do nt understand they do nt know any better .
i do n't get how you can just wake up one day and decide mmm , i 'm just never gon na talk to this person again
netflix done fucked around & amp ; added all 3 jurassic park movies .
now i do n't have to hear ' the ohrignal one mommy ' anymore & # 128514 ;
if she sent him a picture of her sucking another man 's dick then he did something to piss her off .
also that shit is hilarious .
he 's a sore loser .
and he 's not as attractive as he should be if he wanted to keep her , realistically .
men are such ugly creatures .
i 'm shocked this is the only thing he ever said that has any value 

 but he still wo n't succeed in doing a thing about it 

 now when you say that mosque who preached death to jews and trudeau has n't done a thing about it 
 he sure as hell has ! ,
he 's allowing more islamic 's to come to this country , saying one thing and doing another .
with jews we do n't have terrorists with muslim 's we have terrorists !
impeach the man , and their whole government as it is a fraud , 
 god is supposed to have put these men in government to achieve a specific agenda , well he s put him in there for the dumb people who do n't love the real god of love , that 's idiots who do n't believe in god .
it 's you dummies who would rather throw out the god of love and have the false god secretly know as the man of sin , as he walks around to day dressed in robs and and saying all kinds of blasphemous things against god .
you will pay for what you are doing and only concerned about your little paradise . .
holocaust jokes are n’t funny ... anne frankly , i ’m sick of them
you must spread that pussy apart .
i want to see deep into your pink cunt
i think that could be said of anybody , regardless of sexual orientation .
america first baby !
i ca n't believe cohen is staying after trump 's embarrassing and stupid retelling of the well - known internet lie that gen. perhing used bullets dipped in pig 's blood to kill muslim prisoners in the philippines .
first , it is n't true , and anyone with half a brain hearing would think , " you know , that just sounds like someone made that up . "
second , trump believing that pig 's blood is the way to stop muslims is naive and , well , just so dumb .
and three , it is greatly offensive and inflammatory to spread this lie , as president of the united states .
it is offensive to muslims and it is offensive to jews , and it is offensive to true christians as well .
< user > < user > it hard for some to wrap their minds around how abusive women can be
it a bitch to find i accidently opened it how i did it was i opened a list and pressed the top of the first post i will get you the screenshot
too bad we do n't have a free press anymore .
the premise of this is good - to replace substantially * all * current social programs with a guaranteed income .
it would be largely funded by dismantling existing programs and firing the bureaucrats who currently delivering those programs .
no less a conservative than richard nixon loved this idea for that very reason .
that said , we should n't trust a liberal government to implement such radical change .
memo to globalists you should really do some research about the impeachment process type impeach the president into a search engine and pay particular attention to the first step addendum do you clowns ever wonder why the world is laughing at your retarded ass
the whole reason we are here is to get away from kike faggots like you
any thoughts on future business formation , or a rebound in ( cyclical ) oil prices ?
do you know why they call it cyclical ?
yep cut expenses , form businesses , wait for oil to rebound .
diversify our economy .
that 's the future .
it 's where we are .
no calls for violence are not free speech and should never be tolerated
why are track stars better than hitler they are better because they can actually finish off races
hehe i actually forgot my ticket nung epilogue .
and i only realized it when i was halfway from the arena & # 128517 ; haha
you would not want to die and go to heaven if germany had won .
can confirm .
jokingly patted my trans classmate on the head and said '' good girl '' .
lit up like a christmas tree .
unexpected reaction at the time , but a welcome one .
i genuinely wish that i had a dollar for every woman , jew and gay that has been beaten , killed and oppressed by your beloved and sacred sharia law .
that way i could afford plane tickets to send every one of you anti - american terrorists back to your sh*thole countries . #
maga url
the jews biggest weapon is money take there shit and they will go back to hell where they belong 🔥
< user > but isn ’ t the driver literally a cuck he invested himself in raising a half nonwhite child that wasn ’ t his
your so full of lies and bs it is funny .
show me a law statue trump broke when he was a private citizen
meh not really nonsensical , israel 's aggression will get it fucked and as soon as an anti israel us president is elected ?
wooo rip israeli joos kek it does n't take a genius to see jewish tricks .
sucks boomers like you eat up jew tricks like breakfast at tiffany 's .
muscle bear gay jerk off and cumshot at work url
4chan sucks donkey cock , it 's just like /r / imgoingtohellforthis .
the mods are kikes and the fanbase is made up of 16 year old little faggot meme kids .
the only reason i stay on reddit is to piss off highschool kids like you by saying mean words .
" so i get done telling me story and he like " " alright .... i 'm still gone whoop yo ass " " i just fucking crumbled . & #
128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; "
too many bears .
bring back the front range hunt .
anchirage is were the people live not the bears .
chettoes u mean ghettos the places the kike gathered to subvert christianity
jordanians like palestinians like poison .
check " black september "
jews are responsible for destroying my towns culture and turning leeds into a ghetto hell of dollarstan full of dollarstanis please killalljewz
so does trump hate jews or is he in bed with israel ?
the media needs to make its mind up and have a consistent narrative to sell why we should hate trump .
what a joke !
they have not craved attention .
fox news , trump , and any right wing media outlet use them as bait for people like you .
they know if they insult women , especially dark skinned women , the racists eat it up .
oh and congrats on your < number > posts as a hasbarat at gab eli btw i know what you jews think of non jews that more than enough hate for me
< user > < user > i am not defending biden he is a fucking relic but to suggest his position is zero taxes on millionaires is dishonest
no ,   she regards canada as   ' my canada " and she will decide what and what will not be tolerated .
# quote i ’m just human .
i have weaknesses , i make mistakes , & amp ; i experience sadness ; but i learn from all these things & amp ; they make me a bett
greetings were looking to recruit new members for the united front or start a new chapter in surrey / van we are only in the valley right now pm if interested .
ping looks a lot like a girl in this video .
i think i might be gay for him .
do they get trips ?
lunches ?
incentives ?
if the government is shut down and i do n't notice any difference , i should be able to get a full refund on the money they 've taken that i 'm apparently getting nothing in exchange for .
chuck the cuck nellis bad mouthed trump often on twitter while supporting spik cuban ted cruz jewed up ass now he on gab saying how great trump did his 1 st year and knocking liberals he is a liberal shit himself dam cuck
in case you had any doubts about sweden being raped and wiped off the face of the earth here is a friendly reminder canfam maga gabfam news politics speakfreely rino sweden
< user > that explains why you do not have a problem with white genocide you are not white you are a kike that hates european whites fuck off
being gay is not a decision but ok
< user > now now you naughty little slut
doj department of jews
it 's only an issue because the city needs to extract more taxes to pay for their rail disaster .
stephen hawking did n't die .
he just went out of order .
deport aoc and friends to mexico !
tell them if they want to help the problem to start there !
problem solved for all !
western countries ( based upon christian principles originally ) have become democratic and rich .
other countries with different cultures have become poor and/or repressive .
culture matters .
do we want to import cultures that have led to poverty and/or repressive governmental systems ?
" other rich countries " because other lesser tier countries ' murder rates do n't matter , right ?
screw those top 10 highest murder rate countries , of which the us does n't come close to making , they 're just a bunch of poor brown people .
i mean , it 's just expected they gon na kill each other , right comrade ?
/s
i hate our society .
sensitive bunch a cunts .
get over it .
okay then , so if nations us propaganda labels tyrannical dictatorships lie about murder rates how do you explain the fact that venezuela admits to an astronomically high murder rate ?
also , if we 're going to start making stuff up based on no evidence , maybe eating pickled herring is the cause of the low murder rate in scandinavia .
however , here in the real world , the color of one 's skin has nothing to do with homicide rates .
if you think it does , you 're almost certainly in need of education in how genetics of skin color affects how the brain works - clue : it does n't .
after watching television i can spot a jew like that .
just cause we no longer fuck w each other don ’ t mean i hate you but don ’ t try to be dry ass petty with me
more decisive ... yep and a whole lot more pro - american than the kenyan .
mr. roth thank you for your work in trying to bring some light to the insanity that is honolulu 's rail project .
more power to you and keep up the good fight .
we should have a vote on whether this sub gets reopened to public 
 votes please mods
< user > lee hsien loong chinamen criminals < number > harry potter < number > regular talker < number > kanina sure or not < number > kanina ranger are all involved in arranging pseudo terrorists this region to start racial violence in singapore tamil gangster tamil ravi shankar and chinaman uncle too
& lt;--------- number of showers you have taken today
what 's the difference between pizza and a bunch of jews ?
the pizza makes it out of the oven .
old white people really think they are entitled wow do not doubt the power i have over your exams bitch
that 's the problem with political parties .
you just never know if m 's ambrose 's message was hand delivered by kellyanne conley during her recent cpc fundraising visit .
the erection of the the great   canadian   dream :   100 , 000   quebec separatists   swimming the north   atlantic   with a   constitutional lawyer under each arm
i would think the less you spend on tools , the more you have to spend on materials for the project .
as for the safety tip , you are probably correct per osha rules , but people still do what they do .
sometimes they survive it .
i would not have figured you for a nanny state type .
i 'm just thinking about how fucked up i m finna be this weekend
i bet that pro kike whore is really threatened by you
the only people who still call others virgins in 2019 are virgins .
go get laid you loser .
we need to make some remakes of old films and replace classical music with rap music and be sure and have black men making love to white women cause that will get all the black men to come and watch the ghetto movies
what 's the worst thing about being a black jew ?
having to sit in the back of the oven .
go shoot up a school 💪
found a transponder snail !
giants , sea monsters and other amazing encounters !
https://t.co/6kqdzxupny # trecru https://t.co/vwxtk70i44
he actually cut tj ward , which is even worse .
i do n't think justin simmons has played poorly at all , but the defense against tight ends -- which was the rationale for letting ward go -- hasn't gotten better .
without the star ratings , how am i supposed to tell the difference between a movie i might like and a movie netflix is trying to push ?
< user > oh nahh 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♂ ️ see fuxkin with them white people will have u out here doin new shit
someone she has not muted should really point out to ion that sinead is a proud mudshark and kikelover
lmfao caster gil 's description ! ! !
i 'd screen cap and tweet it but it 's poking fun at a spoiler so ... oh god , this april fool 's is amazing
you mean david seth kotkin the jew drugged and raped a young white woman shocker
i hate when pretty girls are bitchy like you had so much potential
it a bitch to find i accidently opened it how i did it was i opened a list and pressed the top of the first post i will get you the screenshot
did you guys hear about that madden tournament ?
it was going great , until a stream sniper ruined everything .
ca n't stand when one of ma mates says let 's get an uber & # 128567;&#128567;&#128567;&#128567;&#128567 ; it 's called a fucking taxi
honestly i hate college but one benefit is you get a good sleeping schedule its 3:20 now and i m not even feeling tired
patrick henry ‏ < user > 6 h < number > hours ago more democrats are placing illegal immigrants ahead of legal u.s .
citizens they are willing to hurt over < number > million legitimate citizens in order to give amnesty to a few hundred thousand illegal aliens democrats truly hate america
meanwhile jews are murdering people every day .
trump is no fan of the rule of law .
just ask pam bondi .
if trump does n't fire mueller , expect him to destroy evidence and tamper with witnesses .
got ta love republicans !
the article clearly talks about the tea party .
inshallah all zionists rot in hell
another mass shooting in america , what else is new ?
< user > tourist should visit india to get raped
\>poison time to fap \>no 15 inch futa dick flopping everywhere with 2 big mouth watering sweaty balls time to not fap
too bad he did nt hang them all .
we would nt have this shit show terrorist country name israel today
well , as long as their last name is brower i guess anyone could win it .
i had a few problems too but then again i had a few problems with some of us irish as well , so ca n't complain
they should have made mulan black
" all these bitches want a baby , i do n't want no children . "
< number > ghetto white people who did drugs and got abortions and could not speak without using the f word they were called white negroes the black culture has become part of america white people endorsing this immorality and violence is why we are in decline
dose you can not even spell moron who would listen to a dumb illiterate kike like you
when it turns into disgust for people of any sort then it is a problem that is what i 'm saying .
and homophobia helps the argument of keeping sex private because then maybe everyone of every sexuality will follow suit so then people can shut up about how the gays are unnatural or how the " breeders " are the oppressors because no matter what side of that argument you are on it wo n't do anything but show that either you are a closeted homo or a closeted hetro because thou both protest far to much
it is in no small measure obama 's weakness that emboldened nk to up the nuclear ante ,   because they knew obama would do nothing .
but trump is a different matter , and hate him as much as you like , trump is a wall against nk bombing one of its own neighbours .
@shashitharoor @shiwangisharma8 its not long time when you will realize that your business of being anti indian will shut down shortly .
at that time you will be in bjp or may be hang till death with indians law .
stockport / manchester this looks v bad - but wanted to avoid the “ were you tweeting about vaginas again ?
has india rejected congress definition of a liberal india ?
watch the special edition of # viewpoint tonight at 8 pm with @salman7khurshid , joined by @asadowaisi , @nalinskohli & our host @bhupendrachaube url
thanks for the valuable background information .
what 's the difference between a jew and a dollar ?
i 'd give a shit if i lost 6 million dollars .
an immigrant are you a filthy kike was the question i think you just answered it they have been given every advantage if by they and every advantage you mean niggers and the racist policies that give them the advantage like affirmative action then you are correct
thinking about creating a based nigger in a trump hat twitter account just so i can get a shit load of followers fast then act like i just discovered the jews are up to some real shit see whose side the normie conservatives take lol
< number > niggas out there becoming abo baba bemizi
the jews rule south - africa behind the scenes just like all other countries they own all the money through the reserve bank scam and they control and own all the media , movies , tv so they own the rights to program you day and night .
the jews worship satan and god does not have a covenant with them anymore and they have no right to the land of israel the jews are the enemy of all humanity wake the f**k up brainwashed christians !
because jews do it and americans have picked up that bad behavior too .
if it was only a muslim thing we 'd be up in arms against it .
oh and btw to make it easier for the tip to get out , especially for cleaning , it 's enough to stretch that skin , which can be done to babies by their parents .
you then just teach your boy how to wash his dick and done , pretty looking and clean dicks without the need for mutilations .
comic book readers prove no fan of progressives dismal sales marvel cancels all lgbtq queer culture feminist illegal immigrant black lives matter social justice themed comics gab gabfam speakfreely chat americans
i learned nearly everything i know about white nationalism on the internet .
and you are the perfect example of what you just described .
transference much ?
this is a temporary solution .
the real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
would you prefer : 
 a ) never have sex in your life but always have your qt waifu to love you and cuddle with 

 b ) have as much sex as you want all day everyday but never able to be with a woman longer than a day ?
hitler was a pragmatist willing to work with based jews see the nuremberg laws and with faggots to an extent
this nigga tom brady finna have < number > rings
if you ai nt a christian i m a stab you in the face
gab is like living in a limbo echo chamber after life since i was purged and thrown into the ovens by twitter 😣
the elephant in the room here is the anti - semitism on the left , a topic everybody is politely stepping around .
anti - semitic blacks have murdered more jews in the united states since the 1980s than white supremacists have .
fact check that claim .
the one thing everybody in charlottesville , left and right , certainly could have agreed on is " jews will not replace us . "
i am an orthodox jew and do not say that facetiously .
in fact , thank g - d , white supremacists have been relegated to the dust heap for all practical purposes since the 1970s .
much more currently prevalent and dangerous is the anti - semitism of the left , buttressed by the most mainstream of universities , academics and liberal business leaders .
it is now dangerous to be openly jewish on many u.s. college campuses . (
https://www.algemeiner.com/the-40-worst-colleges-for-jewish-students-2016/ ) israel is routinely demonized .
bds is popular among large swathes of our population .
farrakhan , sharpton , wright are still respected figures .
ppl with short / thin / not a lot of hair will never understand the pain of fucking wind
catholics should be very , very concerned about the poor because jesus was , and because he told us to be .
charity is an expression of christly love : " what you do for the least of your brethren , . . . "
but jesus was no socialist , a point that escapes many catholics who wear social justice on their sleeves .
like mr. bindner , who said jesus lived in order to end poverty .
good grief !
i 'd have done better to take my catholicism from fidel .
and of course you remember all the bumper stickers in 2008 that said , " jesus was a community organizer "   . . .
as though that fairly summed him up .
but please do n't make the mistake of going to the other extreme and saying that the poor are only of passing interest to our lord .
i may be a liberal , but i agree with this guy .
that 's why i 'm undeclared , as everyone should be .
it 's freeing and a breath of fresh air and the burden of party lifted .
do as you please with your ideology .
be free .
sorry ms maughan , as much as i respect you as a journalist , i contend that you got this one wrong .
while the dire situation regarding economic transformation certainly requires urgent attention , the dire situation regarding some rather trashy journalism also needs addressing .
and this was it - trashy journalism .
and here i am not referring to the author , because we already know it was meant to be trash , but to ms pillay and mr hlongwane who performed none of the very basic journalistic requirements before rushing to publish this rubbish .
and that alone requires a further question : why ?
was it because it supported their own views ?
if so , why should they be let off the hook and joseph goebbels not ?
for what was proposed for white males in this rattly little tale was not much different to introductory nazi narratives on jews , gypsies , gays and other " unwanteds " .
we all know where that ended up .
do not defend the indefensible , rather , use your formidable journalistic skills appropriately .
meredith bain actually has 4 title tournament wins , she won the championship at the pride of lynden tournament on 12/17/201
england has been jew infested for centuries and the bbc is the centre of the marxist propaganda mill .
# noamnesty 
 ' severe flu brings medicine shortages , packed ers and a rising death toll in california '
odd how the stats canada stats are trotted out but only cherry picked .
while hate crimes reportedly rose 61 % against muslims , those against catholics rose over 60 % and total hate crimes targeting jewish populations was actually higher than against muslims .
where are the impassioned pleas from the left to stop targetting catholics and jews ?
where are the theme socks ?
can you please stop pretending religions are real ?
its fucking 2019 .
we do nt need this crap anymore ... and " dark spirits " ?
tell me , who was it again that ordered unruly infants to be smashed on rocks , or tore up infants for making a joke , or explained how to treat and keep your slaves , ordered genocide , committed genocide , inquisition , looks away when your kids get molested ?
oh right , your supposed god !
fucking hypocrisy , no wonder your country is failing .....
i remember being taken to washington dc holocaust museum on church field trips at around < number > or < number > reminiscent of an old garage sale with haunted house undertones luckily like most youth i did not give a fuck about the message they were trying to imprint
yep asians here also very hi achievers tiger mom and indian students love them
the only eichi ships i approve of are eiwata and eimugi angst ( i wo n't read anything where they stay together ) everything else is poison
< user > goodnight redneck
@oliviacleooo i mean men are trash so come on over ;)
so the usa is doing fine , we are not in a recession yet this group that talked about a 10 billion deficit increased it to 29 billion give or take 3 or 4 billion .
the same next year and the year after that , the only words to discribe this is mismanagement and waste .
if we all ran our households like this group we would be broke .
if all the extreme religious people , from all the religions and denominations , came together to draw up a list of all the little things they each believed to be " satanic " ( besides the obvious murder , theft , etc . )
their heads would implode as they come to the realisation that somehow , they 're all probably going to hell .
sometimes in life you do n't know what you truly want even though they 're right next to you , but some day , it 's going to leave .
if i do n't talk enough something is wrong with me , but when i talk too much nobody hardly ever listens . & #
128579;&#128579;&#128579;&#128579 ;
well , shunning for life would be one way to demonstrate she 's irredeemable .
in jesus day , there was a distinct caste system , with certain people considered worthless .
nothing they could do would make them right with god , according to some jewish leaders .
the samaritans fell in this category , due to intermarriage .
not enough room here to go into detail .
but that fact makes the story of the good samaritan even more profound .
treating someone as irredeemable could include shunning , or just viewing them as garbage and worse than you are .
calling this girl " immoral " instead of saying she had immoral behavior is , imo , judgmental .
the social media harassment is definitely judgmental .
attacking & condemning a person , rather than actions , & treating as if god does n't love them is judgmental .
jesus wanted us to look at every person as someone that god created in his image & loves , & as someone jesus died to save from eternal punishment .
killing is a topic for another post .
we accommodate mennonites and hutterites   in western canada .
public school teachers have to go to the colonies to teach .
mennonite men will not serve in the canadian military even if drafted due to their religious beliefs .
what message does that send to society ?
violent christians such as timothy mcveigh bomb government buildings in the us killing children , and christian activists threaten and occasionally do shoot doctors performing abortions .
no apologies from the christian community for these nut bars ... zionist settler extremists in israel assassinated yitzak rabine for pursuing peace on the west bank .
point is islam is certainly not the only abrahamic religion with violent and extreme members who twist faith into something awful .
it would seem to an outside observer that the " guise of religious freedom " in canada   is somehow only to be applied to accommodate christians and jews and not others .
does cardinal burke conform to the ' stereotype ' of a ' little ' person ?
well , in one sense i suppose that he does .
perhaps you are right there , lotl.
hi aaron ,  

 this is your mayor katty .
i grant you unconditional rights to sleep in the building at night .
your safety as well as all homeless people are welcome .
we are here for you !
more evidence that israelis are the scum of the earth .
in america you smoke ... ... in nazi germany , you get smoked .
< user > you do not consider anything presented to you as evidence let alone irrefutable evidence you just continue to diagree you shifted this argument from the jews pushing the muslims in to the holocaust to af diary you can not win so you shift are you black or a woman
i apologize to all the people that i love coz i got not much time to spend with ya :') lots of love & # 128149;&#128149;&#128149;&#128149;&#128149 ;
yeah i agree , i do n't wanna shame any trans people who have a misgendering kink but it 's fucking appalling when cis guys do that without asking .
" other rich countries " because other lesser tier countries ' murder rates do n't matter , right ?
screw those top 10 highest murder rate countries , of which the us does n't come close to making , they 're just a bunch of poor brown people .
i mean , it 's just expected they gon na kill each other , right comrade ?
/s
oh we got us a high iq kike here huh can your high iq explain why jewish boy nicolas cruz murdered < number > kids because he jewish
< user > some jews are anti zionists does nt that say alot
when i was a kid i wanted to be a girl so bad .
i have an older sister and i always thought that her dresses and stuff were so pretty .
fast forward 20 years and i 'm a straight guy .
i have no want to cross dress or be trans at all .
he said with a mouthful of nigger jew dick
mr. k , your comment is thought - provoking , but i think the correlation you asserted exists between minimum wages and guaranteed basic incomes , based on citizenship -- rather than only some combo of wages , welfare , and/or charity -- may not be valid even in the present , but especially in a wider range of plausible future scenarios , which i think include not only : 

  1 ) " business as usual " continued econ " growth"--as as currently crudely defined and mis - measured ( imo ) by gross state product ( gsp ) and gross domestic product ( gdp ) on the national level -- but also 

 2 ) possible " jobless " growth ; 3 ) mostly low - wage job growth ( that fail to pay wages that even keep up with , much less exceed , hawaii 's rapidly increasing cost of living ) ; 4 ) several types of " no - growth " scenarios ( including various possible dysfunctional -- but unintentional -- systemic econ , enviro , sociocultural , and/or political - legal stagnation , decline , or collapse scenarios ; and 5 ) several transformational " restructuring " scenarios .
see its going on about iq and shit now lol same shit same kike shit
this kike is still alive wtf
iran .
go fuck the us .
real women take critical consequences and use them to make improvements feminists whine
girls are great , and being one would also probably be great .
unfortunately i have no actual dysphoria .
black history month .
breast cancer awareness month .
well , there are many meanings of the word [ rape ] other than what you 're talking about .
smh so basically y ’ all saying the avengers really can ’ t help us the ghetto
< user > hopefully they are kept out looks like just a bunch of men they aren ’ t refugees
we must remove this cancer that the usa and british zionists planted on top of palestine because this israel is the biggest threat to europe ever to exist !
in 2003 , the u.s. census bureau said hispanics had moved past african americans as the largest minority group in the united states .
butts and bannon together - wow 

 they could start a puppet - masters union / association 

 i wonder how much of their conversations involve trading tips and tricks ?
' my guy likes to watch fox and the tweet on it -it makes him happy ' 

 ' well when my guy is depressed or feels he is lost or not following the script i gave him , i send him to a mall so he can take selfies with teenagers ' 

 ' naw , i could n't do that the security issues are too great ' 

 ' i let my guy change his hair and skin color ever few days - it keeps his mood up ' 

 ' well my guy keeps the same hair color he had at 18 .
if he let the gray show it would send him into a funk , and no kid would get near him '
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
this african god will change your greek goddess way of viewing life
what 's the difference between a jew and pizza i do n't want to violently torture and murder a pizza
i also wanna say this is that i 'm extremely happy discussing professional wrestling again than having to deal with politics matters because i 'm more comfortable and relax plus i 've more knowledge for wrestling than politics i let everyone else discuss politics
having hoes is ghetto
islamic radicalisation is ingrained into young minds around the dinner table , as the family enjoys mom 's home cooking , and children listen to their elders talk about killing jews , stabbing infidels , beheading christians , burning churches , and bombing israel for islam , for allah .
it is the same way young christians are taught about jesus 's charity to to help the poor and sick .
" ... if trump were bombing the hell out of the middle east as judea , inc is demanding , there would be no special prosecutor looking into ‘ russian elections meddling ’ and no talk of having trump declared unfit to govern ... "
yes , i did know that .
but it 's a tradition for us to ask presidential candidates this silly question .
in past years , it 's elicited the only non - scripted moment .
should i not have asked him because he is jewish ?
no , i do n't think so .
share hoes not loaves
incorrect .
b52s have the lift capacity to carry up to three of these babies .
it can be easily modified to carry it .
as a matter of fact , they have studied the possibility of it .
it 's doable .
the b1 was studied , too .
it 's feasible .
b1 can carry two of them .
b2 can carry one .
moab : 22600 lbs 
 b52 : 70000 lbs weapons lift capacity 

 the likely candidate is the use of the mop : massive ordinance penetrator .
this baby is 30000lbs .
it is designed to penetrate very deep bunkers .
the b2 has been modified to carry two of them .
http://www.defenseindustrydaily.com/mopping-up-the-usas-30000-pound-bomb-03172/
raskolnikov , 
 your hatred of jews has evolved over time in its manifestations and disguises and one can see all three forms in abundance here .
read some history and maybe you 'll understand a thing or two about reality .
your antisemitism is disgusting .
1 .
your own comment to which i replied , offers no back - up .
you accord yourself a latitude you refuse to others .
2 .
why is it an over - simplification ?
because it ignores the fact that diversity was part of the ancient liturgical traditions of the church .
3 .
before you point it out , i see that in a later comment you address the fact of other rites , but as always , slanted in favour of your beloved council of trent .
4 .
the original statement was simple , and objective .
just because you do not agree with it does not make it uncivil .
this fucking white ape must go back to europe fucking little zionist prostitute like his prostitute daughter ivanka .
they all probably say the n word
" the sbux lady saw a pic i took of their wall on my phone and goes " " seriously how did they do that " " and i said " " ya i know it was me""&#128514 ; "
western reporters make up all kinds of fake stuff .
lgbt pride is not about hating straight / cis people .
feminism is not about hating men .
black pride , brown pride etc is not about hating white people .
white pride is about hating poc though so i can see why some of you are confused .
😂 rt < user > back to this ghetto ass single shit
we need another holocaust
omar khadr is a trivial sideshow .
canadians should have more important things to think about .
@tro lol .
shut up fool .
y'all kill us for initiation and the mexican mafia and aryan nation are giving orders to mass exterminate blacks in la .
fuck you .
< user > no one is doing enough to defend the rights of early to mid twenties white assholes is the new blue i think i should paint the ceiling blue nail file
< user > you my chic fil a line gt the i called up my muslims line
what happened to the jew who got into an argument with adolf hitler ?
she got roasted .
not being racist is nt " pc "   its being a decent person and respecting others ...
know thy history , because the kosher version is n't what happened during the 1930s germany .
it was justified and it was humane . *
they * want you to believe otherwise , at all costs , let it seem like the best option out of this clown world .
the biggest mass murderers of history were christians who killed six million jews .
we also had christians who killed tens of thousands of muslims in bosnia .
are we now to stereotype all christians on that basis ?
the purveyors of anti - muslim hate are insidious disgusting propagandists .
sorry to hear you voted for the orange menace .
hope you come to your senses before it is too late .
< user > hey that s gay
saying “ my kids ” “ my bd ” is so ghetto this man violated 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️ 😂
abe is a zionist all these pagans , faggots , commies , the whole nwo is jewish
being kind to others , it 's really not that difficult url
groups of zombies staring at their cell phones while standing on and blocking the bike trail at westchester lagoon are asking to be hit by slow - moving , bike riders trying safely to get beyond the other - worldly , would - be humans .
may their cell phone batteries die and their phone bills soar before they hurt innocent , courteous trail users who do not block the trail .
" we have great faith in your abilities and intent .
we may not get everything we want but your invaluable experience will serve us well . "
who are the " we " in your comment .
certainly your not speaking for all alaskans !
# gay boi detected
share the love @lindamcgregor10 @cbtddc @lorenamontijo , you 're top engaged community members this week !
much appreciated :)
are you being sarcastic like retarded on purpose
i figure as a giant black guy i wanna make the best use of what little life i have left and make the world slightly better for anyone i can .
that absolutely includes you .
he not white he s a kike
ever wonder why the left wing parties can not get their hands on children soon enough ?
always pushing for daycare subsidies .............. it is so the indoctrination can start even sooner , and the parents will not have the time to teach other ideals during the impressionable years .
the ndp in canada are always pushing for daycare instead of money for a parent to stay with the children until they are school age .
and just look at the sjws they are turning out .
good .
if they have a legal claim go file a law suit , otherwise get out of the way .
like a bih do n't do nun wrong in a relationship
ass in the air lodi take every inch of depravity your masters want to give you take it all ya lil faggot btw the 1 st amendment applies to everyone not just thin skinned boomer queers and leftists you do not like gab 🐸 gtfo
how did the kids know that santa claus did n't exist ?
cause the jews tried to follow him looking for some presents and never came back .
they just got lost after getting roasted really hard .
pbs did a great segment on why the us health care system cost so much more than other 1st world nations and delivers worse outcome metrics .
one of the key reasons is unfettered controls on pharma companies .
they are granted a patent so they get an roi on their research investment but there are no controls so they essentially can blackmail patients .
most countries either have drugs included in their public health insurance or they regulate the industry ( e.g. canada ) .
the us has no pricing regulations in return for patent monopolies .
canada should resist a us style prescription drug regime .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxbpke28uf0
i am not some kind of trashy slut , unless i 'm with the right man .
truth is , tabby needs some new tunes .
southey clearly has trump derangement syndrome .
pat her on the head and wish her well .
however , no need to read any of her ocd - driven rants .
for a sane perspective , look here :   http://nationalpost.com/opinion/conrad-black-canada-is-failing-to-see-the-north-korea-crisis-clearly/wcm/9cb704e9-d9ed-4905-965a-b53428c2cf2f
i wonder if trump 's tax returns might have gotten misplaced and would end up finally being released along with all of the jfk files ....
black history month .
breast cancer awareness month .
i 've met a few people who i talk to outside of sf , and i consider them to be pretty good friends .
what 's the worst thing about being told you have alzheimer 's ?
it does n't just happen once .
keep hearing how wonderful he was and someone even likened him to christ ! !
t r u m p the zionist jew traitor who wants your white children raped by hordes of daca beaner filth the majority of crimes by daca recipients include alien smuggling
many people have left their children   with people   they trusted and found out later they were abused .. should they not get their children back .. and should those children be subjected to unnecessary surgeries that render them sterile and be placed in new homes ?
a group dedicated to defending church teaching on marriage at georgetown university has been accused of being a “ hate group ” and faces possible banning and defunding.—heidi schlumpf   i wish someone would convince schlumpf that the passive voice is poor writing .
“ freed from sin , you have become slaves of righteousness ” ( romans 6:18 ) , but the faithful know who freed you from sin , but the faithful do not know who is accusing whom of hate at georgetown .
despite the grammar , “ our help is in the name of the lord ” ( psalm 124:8a ) .
“ much will be required of the person entrusted with much ” ( luke 12:48 ) and the faithful know who is doing the requiring .
liturgy of the word , reading 475 , wednesday of the twenty - ninth week in ordinary time i.
maggots what 's the worst part about having sex with marilyn monroe ?
maggots
is not this about the jerusalem decision this free speech platform would be a good place for the arabs to say why they hate the decision of trump so much
european capitols are nt american besides europe allowed the muzzies in anyway not my problem
what 's the difference between a jew and a pizza i do n't get erect when i put a pizza in the oven
hey all i 'll be visiting southwest england in a few weeks , pm if you 'd like to get together for a pint if your in the area .
" tom lorz and jim rhye had visited a local military surplus store to find jumpsuits like the ones former dictator fidel castro wore . "
how many people did fidel castro murder in the name of communism ?
would it be okay if this was a german themed party and people dressed as adolf hitler ?
he should have condemned first and foremost the potus himself who , no later than last week at a press conference , broke loose on an orthodox jew journalist trying to ask him a question , qualifying twice his question ( that the poor guy was unable to complete ) as " disgusting " .
it 's the same mob mentality .
but instead of muslims or immigrants , it 's the mentally disabled / ill .
you 'd be surprised how far people go .
this whole thing at school caused people to male false tips that lead to me .
i even got searched at school ( without a warrant ) and i was basically the scapegoat for anything that could have a body count .
inaki williams you fucking nigger
@jopwell when a friend calls you and tells you your job using old pics of you for # diversity reasons
i do n't think that is at all unreasonable farmgrrl .
but that is not the equivalent here .
the equivalent is forcing people to speak english or french because you do n't like hearing their language .
that is why i down voted your post , which i found otherwise reasonable .
of course you should be able to communicate with your fellow canadians !
we should be taking any and all measures to ensure that .
here 's a question for you : would you support taxpayer dollars for   ongoing english and french lessons-- let 's say subsidized for everyone , but free or nearly free to immigrants three or fewer years in canada ?
fat niggas with dreads be looking like big ass dykes
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
it still comes with alll of the range anxiety of any ev .
a volt would be a far better choice.for those so inclined .
still a long way to go for relevance in this segment .
active duty demographics august < number > army < number > white navy < number > white marine corps < number > white air force < number > white dear sjw assorted lefties you probably should not have decided that straight white males were humanity mortal enemies good luck with that military coup wet dream though
the violence that the jews controlling the jewdiciary and the media are going to cause is going to be horrendous white countries are the centre of a fusion reactor right now we will not take this for much longer
what we dream about chad does everyday and can do to any girl 
 it 's over for us .
" the idea that the palestinian arabs are the indigenous people of palestine is , quite simply , false .
your argument fails completely when you consider partition as a plan for the situation in the middle east as a whole , as jews had ancient populations in libya , tunisia , alegeria , iraq , iran , syria , etc . ,
that predated the muslim conquest .
re para 4 - " 

 so there were jews throughout the middle eat .
who is denying that ?
but the political philosophy known as " zionism " and european ( jewish ) emigration to palestine are recent developments originating in the 19th and 20th centuries , and the measures taken to found the state of israel caused the death and dislocation of the palestinians living there before the european " exodus " .
since then , most immigrants   to israel are americans and russians and they also make up the largest group among the illegal settlers .
netanyahu and his predecessors have made the   two state solution impossible .
so , what does israel   do now ?
democracy ?
or apartheid ?
fuck israel , fuck jews
bitches just wear they bra and swear it their halloween costume saying i am a slutty schoolgirl no bitch you a victoria secret mannequin
i still hate the bitches at the # dmv # californiadmv , miserable hoes
ok so rolling loud was fun all but who ever invented mosh pits i fucking hate you damaged
' we ll have two diff ways after about 2 yrs'-she whispered .
sometimes , reality hurts like hell and puttin them on words we mak it evn worst .
we should call hurricane irma uaf 175 then it will never land .
well played by nl ... indian cows cheat with pakistan while playing with england .. but who knows they will be fucked up badly .
indian proud 😃 😃 😃 😃 😃 love nl from 🇵 🇰
if israel had been built on secularism it would have ceased to exist a long time ago and certainly as a jewish state , becoming just another arab state and we know the disgusting dictatorships that they all 
 are without exception , honour killings , gay torture , and female genital mutilation .
nice .
god damn it - they should just stay put and die in utero to save themselves time and trouble of a life ..
i am a retard or a jew for noticing the crazy claims that jews published themselves regarding the holocaust nice try kike
eh plaba , you better open up your garage , get more beer , and re - convene that high level meeting of yours to get the facts straight .
here 's some recent reporting about what happened :   http://khon2.com/2017/02/05/years-after-high-profile-school-shakeup-details-finally-come-to-light/ 

 go to the follow up link at the bottom of the linked article .
your rumors , and i presume they are not only yours ( also at the very least 4lynette 's ) , truly do and apparently did an injustice to miano and ikei and the principal .
the doe has to quit invoking law enforcement to cover up their mismanagement , and worse , leaking this stuff and ruining people to cover mistakes and pursue managerial agendas .
< user > since the attacker is < number > percent likely to be a muslim immigrant the news media will not run it but they will if it was a white finn attacking muslim kids
< user > < user > < user > < user > she got bullied away because of she is a white female rapper and had rough year after
zionist using this wahhabi terrorist nation undeveloped animal   to destroying meddleast countries for israil
we do n't normally see your kind here
joaquin phoenix performance in joker is what marvel fan think robert downey jr performance in endgame was
if western   european christians defended their jewish citizens , the latter would not need to flee .
the fact they must flee means   that european christian are   stagnant   pond scum ..............
i will kick that hoe punt
that argument is old and tired .
in fact its a con artist argument to keep the gravy train going .
you niggas b lost in the sauce and then have to deal w/ a bitch u really did n't want to get pregnant for 18 years mandatory 🗣 🗣 because you pull out game is trash 😂 😭 could n't b me 🤷 🏾‍ ♂ ️
j moua all of them are not white that 's why .
he would never tell a person that looks white to go back to their country .
he would automatically assume you 're american if you were white .
i m sure those moab bombs do nt damage the homes of hard working christian arabs right ↓
and the lesson is that the only just king of the white race is christ the only path to a white nation is his coming kingdom
can someone link me all the incel discords 
 pm preferably thanks
jewtube is pushing the royal wedding so hard i do nt give a rats behinders if some royal prince wants to muddy his bloodline england is fuct up with paki rape gangs but forget about that there s a royal wedding high pitched girl squeels puke
and it 's not just an ashkenazi thing url
it may be easy to define some " hate groups " depending on what they do and what they say .
- 
 but what if someone like hitler defines a " hate group " as being " jews " and seeks to exterminate them ?
- 
 and do n't claim that " oh , that is ridiculous .
that would never happen in the united states . "
well , it happened in germany ..... and for many years the germans , most of europe , and the us turned a blind eye ..... because it was n't happening to them .
an entitled mum against trans people .
we have dipped as a species .
in all fairness , good story .
you keep being you , and remember that you will always have friends to support you in your toughest times
imma keep my promise , rough times make tough people , it 's just all about if you willing to fight with me .
describe your sex life using spongebob quotes are ya ready kids ?
looking at brooks ' record in california , expect this to be another one of those armed robberies in the middle of a drug deal cases .
you seem to be implying that african - americans are not rational , civilized people who understand the concepts of free speech and rule of law .
if so , do n't be coy .
spit it out .
by the way , the jewish defense league seems to have not gotten the memo about how they 're supposed to eschew violence .
i 'm sure they 'd welcome some guidance on the matter .
as for jews revenge is the only answer i blame modern christianity for this cuck mentality turn the other cheek must end the jews have flooded our countries with invaders to rape our daughters our people used to live for conquer and revenge its time to rekindle the fire < number >
racoon , seriously , why are you afraid to answer a simple question ?
there 's nothing wrong with saying " jewish mafia " .
back in the day my friends dad was a bookie for the jewish mafia .
he actually got a felony dismissed for me in 1973 
 it is n't disrespectful to refer to the jewish mafia - it is disrespectful to use phrases that hide your contempt of jews ( omg !
did i use the word " jew " ) .
they 'll forgive you - their like that even when confronted with ignorance .
here is the part i do not get sweden drove assange to the embassy because they wanted to pursue a rape prosecution against him yet they look the other way when their native women are savagely raped and brutalized by immigrant animals why
t0    oldandshouldknowbetter 
 , 
 myth of   eternal socialism in norway , sweden , denmark 
 .
" scandinavia , , , recent disaffection with open immigration , state ownership and generous government benefits systems have lately 
 .
pushed norway to the right , 
 .
shaken up the social - democratic status quo in sweden and 
 .
replaced denmark ’s “ red ” coalition government with a hodgepodge of “ blue ” alliances . "
.
" terry glavin : it ’s remarkable that the ndp has n’t self - sabotaged yet — although , it is still early - terry glavin - national post - july 23 , 2015
why are circumcisions popular ?
jewish girls wo n’t touch anything that ’s not at least 50 % off
i like how the left portrays the right as rabid neo nazis but if you show them a pic of a negev in a bikini things get “ wild ”
i fucking hate insecure ass people
bill nye all jews should die
the average conservacuck : " the jews are just regular people like us & you should quit making everything about them " 
 nazi : criticize unconditional support for israel 
 conservacuck : goes on for an entire day about the importance of muh greatest ally ever but ca n't name a single thing they help us with
you fucking drive me crazy ..... are you attached ?
https://t.co/jd50kb2bdo
total nonsense .
it 's an excellent article by a respected diplomat .
pointing out issues , like the settlements , where israel is flagrantly ignoring international law , according to every relevant international body , is not anti - israel . '
terror state ' is your term , but it 's not remotely accurate .
also , look at the context for the us abstention ; there is absolutely zero happening to move peace forward , and a consensual peace has to be the goal .
also , the rate of settlement is increasing .
100,000 new settlers , all illegal , since 2009 .
shortly after the vote , israel announced 6,000 new settlers , and 600 new settlements in east jerusalem , on hold i believe but the point is the utterly corrupt netanyahu and his cronies are continuing an illegal policy that simply makes the situation worse , and is opposed by a significant number of israeli jews themselves .
the resolution , and the vote , are timely and necessary .
and there is nothing trump can do about it thanks to the vetos of the sc .
who said that breeders can not be fighters contrary to what scheming kikes will tell you good women still exist and men can be warriors and fathers simultaneously mgtow is just another kike ploy to discourage whites from breeding jews always play both sides fighting zog involves making babies
reminder - she is not your shoulder to cry on
those we should care for before we worry about any illegals or refugees elderly handicapped veterans children homeless not necessarily in that order either please feel free to add any groups i inadvertently missed
this is like a great dream going to see @dundeestars in the nottingham finals , congrats @officialfavor11 and all the team , dreams come true
what do you call a jewish pokemon trainer ?
ash .
< user > is canada where all that arabs people live i thought it was part of america
i fell for your personality and everything about you became beautiful .
i love you @harry_styles and i wish you well .
mind following ?
❥ 22.915
he could have had a heart attack ; thus doing everyone a favor .
dang it ; i voted for the libitarian .
jews breathing in israel " upsets the arabs " .
women serving in the idf " upsets the arabs " .
it 's time either some people put their adult pants on and stopped being upset , or the rest of us just ignored their constant offense and rage
i think we need to be careful of the old pupule about the jews killing jesus .
jesus and all his disciples were jews .
it would be like saying that it was those evil americans that killed lincoln because booth was an american .
man i love these girl scout cookies oh look !
made with real girl scouts !
as a black man , the gop embrace of neo - nazis and the klan are deal breakers for me .
why are so many white folks comfortable sharing the gop with them ?
i see a moral boundary here .
most of my enemies that have tried to kill me are white americans .
all i want is equal rights under the law .
unfortunately , most white folks do n't think that is an issue .
i guess they ca n't handle the truth , or they are happy with the situation since they are the beneficiaries of the discrimination .
today 's republicans remind me of the " good germans " that never asked , where did the jews disappear to ?
true this is why i endorse the hotep negro movement only the hoteps do not want to rely on the white man laws wealth lands are anti zionist and want to go back to africa this makes our goals for an all whitenation more attainable youtube or google hoteps and alt right
exactly ! ! ! !
hate is learned .
you can take any group of non - brainwashed kids and they 'll find common ground .
the first thing that has to go is palestinian schools teaching their toddlers how to stab jews , and madrasas teaching their kids infidels are less than humans .
also teach muslim males that females are   no less human or have less rights than males .
they can have and administer their own money , do not need to obey the male in charge at home and can dress however they want .
when you supporting those basic canadian principles , ms khan , people will   start listening to what you have to say .
if you do n't , this article is just hypocrisy .
what is a nazi 's favourite weapon ?
a vacuum cleaner .
camila looks so different and more confident with this hairstyle omg i feel like she 's gon na start putting her middle finger up in pics
< user > need burnol btw u seem to be literate enough to read the word refugee in that sentence and if you ca nt may allah subhanu wata ala help you
< user > is gay lol
acmc_clock_asia : # ascendant / # mediumcoeli for tokio , j for now ( 05h58m01s ut ): 04 ° 23'32.8 '' # virgo ( ac ) / 01 ° 11'22.1 '' # gemini ( mc )
i feel your pain , i always worry about what any partner would feel if i tell them i 'm bi .
i mean , if they 're biphobic good , dodged that bullet .
but sometimes they get so wrapped up in these feelings of insecurity and jealousy .
which i kind of get , but also , i could like anyone of * any * gender , and i like you !
there are tons of guys , gals , and nonbinary pals out there , but you 're the one who i like , and that should feel amazing , at least i think it should .
what 's a decent ror on 401(k)s ?
i 've averaged 9.2 % over the past few years .
not sure if that 's decent or not .
they do they chase after the nordic alpha with mucilaginous desperation all abasement and kike headgames like all yid bitches they end up hitching to a balding hymie cuck who thinks himself secure behind a thin prenup the norish man goes on to have beautiful white children with white goddesses
many of us have tried to explain that right wing does not always equate to white supremacy they stuck their fingers in their ears and said la la la la fuck it we are all white supremacists now unitetheright charlottesville
ptss is real and is the only reason west africans who it was forced upon think they are linked to an ancient iraqi culture this is a serious psychological problem that must be addressed .
@tro lol .
shut up fool .
y'all kill us for initiation and the mexican mafia and aryan nation are giving orders to mass exterminate blacks in la .
fuck you .
fuck her she nothing but a kike that will play which ever side that will get her paid
you can now be fined up to a quarter of a million dollars for calling someone an illegal alien in nyc i understand discouraging harassment but fining someone for name calling really gives against the first amendment
another shit thread bumped up by the gab faggot
tobacco and alcohol have long been legal .
the relatively short time that alcohol was prohibited caused usage to drop , but was ultimately unsuccessful because it had been legal so long .
marijuana is different , as it has long been illegal , which kept usage in check .
yes , people used it , but not nearly to the extent that it 's used now .
continued prohibition would have kept usage limited .
co chose to legalize it , with the pollyanna promises that reduced legal costs and fabulous tax revenue made a plan without any downside .
repealing prohibition on alcohol was something where we knew what we 'd be getting .
and it was nationwide .
legalizing marijuana was uncharted territory where the purported financial benefits were loudly proclaimed , and the predictions of problems were mocked and downplayed .
and some of the problems , like folks from other states with no apparent means of support flocking here thinking they could work in the industry ( and get free product ) , were mostly a surprise .
hyper - masculinity 
 what do you think about feminists trying to push a overly masculine man as the basis of their arguments ?
a boy is a girl now
and christian means " little christ " if a church is found on christ ( as revealed in scripture ) , then yes they can call themselves a church .
you are a dangerous man , paul , one who leads people astray with this " all dogs go to heaven " nonsense .
wait they banned pepe memes from the deploraball that retarded
elite looters try to destroy history no public school teaches that moslems invaded europe with help from jewish traitors at the gate or that the inquisition was reparations for jews selling white christians as slaves to moslems
well it 's happening ! ! ! ! ! !
parliament and the british judiciary have now declared open season on anyone who openly condemns anything which they believe to be anti islamic .
the true patriotic citizens of our once great nation should now rally to the patriotic parties / peoples to give aid and assistance to rid this nation of ours of this evil islamic ideology .
these people are fucking filth .
justin represents all the people gays , transgenders , blacks , brown , chinese , jews , muslims , native indians , not like trump who just represents white people and christians .
that s the inner beauty of justin and the outer ugliness of trump .
the fucking elevator doors hit me when i walked in rjncmdmsmsmms
if its that hot in germany why did they need those outdoor ovens in auschwitz ?
or were the jews cold ?
i have to say , the moon landing footage looks like a terrible high school students video project
i can see that violence against tv broadcast stations is going to necessarily skyrocket
why is pedophilia rare in japan ?
they have no love for little boys .
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
use in salads , thai soup and bubble and squeak for a delicious , healthy # simplesupper # myneffkitchen
friends attending # fwa2017 : i was n't planning on a fogo trip , but since they 're offering discounts , i 'm game .
lemme know when ya wanna go
so .
how many of trudeau 's faithful canadian muslim citizens will stand up and fight antisemitism and racism with their canadian jewish citizens .
in one ontario election john tory of conservatives was rejected by the people because his platform was to give funding for faith schools 

 maybe we should have elected john tory after all if there is now religion in public schools 

 maybe this will be in wynne 's platform in the next election
no it actually does bc most ppl are so tired of liberalism that they blindly backlash in weird ways so they hate globalists which makes them isolationists which is retarded or they hate multiculturalism which makes them into white nationalists most ppl are not that smart
look for some free counseling , if your community has an lgbtq centre they quite often have it there or will know where to get it
typical for a yid tapeworm
fuck people who act racist as a joke .
i do n't give a shit if you think its edgy and cool .
in a country where the president himself is openly racist you should fucking know better .
well dinesh sure as hell wasn t gon na do it i am betting at least one anon quote tweeted kike at seth of the retard laugh
death to allah
mr dexter tried to change it .
but he was booted out .
mayor savage had ambitions when he won the election .
but ... ( a new stadium is n't a money spinner , but a lifestyle ) .
it all comes down to do nothing negativity , the old maritime thing .
people should read gone with the wind .
let 's just ban speaking english , since all terrible things in this world have been done by english speakers .
lisa and snow are ranked as the two most liberal republican senators .
nuff said !
prayerfully something like this may continue , especially for minorites / blacks
another communist jew .
why do uk niggaz does nt care about hair and hairline like their us counterparts who are so obsessed ?
on another light note : those who 're are going to invade area 51 make sure you bring your uno reverse card and practice naruto ran because you 'll need it in order to dodge bullets .
🙅
zucc does not want laws to protect kids online what a sick fuck this kike is
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
being mixed race is hard .
and i ca n't imagine how hard as it is as a parent .
my sisters and i have a " english " first name and punjabi middle names .
my brother had a punjabi first name ( which he loves ) but it got him picked on a lot .
you have to deal with people not being able to pronounce or bullying but at the same time you want to be true to you and your culture .
we plan on naming our children traditional mexican and punjabi names but trying to find ones that flow a little easier or look aesthetically a little easier .
what is a jewish person 's favorite takeaway ?
4 skin pizza
exactly .
crackerkikes need to lynched stoned to death skinned alive burnt alive have there toes and fingers cut off get there eyes stabbed alive and clitholes stabbed and mutilated with genitals ripped off and fed to dogs or crocidiles .
they are not human beings and they should continue getting shot and killed at higher numbers
the most resounding reasoning i have seen to be happy for the destruction of net neutrality is that subhuman shitstain george soros wanted nn get fucked kike
go back to africa ?
pot is calling kettle back the president 's father is from germany in europe .
donald trump whom the parents migrated from germany after the second tribal wars which they called 2nd world wars came to america in search for better lives , peace n progress .
congress omor parents migrated from somalia in africa for safety because of the unrest their country for peace n transquilities , this is a nation of emigrants let support one another to maintain the unity of the nation shalom .
i dunno where does this h < user > on j3ws come from among msian muslims like to even idolise h tler i m just speechless
so , no jewish immigrants ?
no seventh - day adventists , or other fundamentalist christian sects who prohibit pork ?
no vegetarians regardless of origin ?
so much ignorance and bigotry .
pathetic .
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
< user > the day our master brought home trailer trash
@pierceparisxxx i would love to suck your big dick one day deep throat suck it to the base .
mad skills when come to sucking
the jewish question is probably the greatest litmus test for loyalty if they defend this one group of people despite any wrong doing they are not on your side this is like the house negro protecting the slave master chicano
quality control .
vice executive : we really should stop testing our products on children ?
senior executive : if we did n't test our products on these poor kids , how would we truly know if they are fit for purpose , it 's just quality control .
vice executive : but sir , we manufacture landmines .
< repeat >
" " " pakistani muslim with u.s. citizenship planned paris - style jihad attacks in nyc " " https://t.co/y52wlibger "
the hell these niggas doing lmfao url
" @billtufts how do you define " " bailout " " ?
the key factor in plan soundness is interest rates , which are slowly moving up .
agree ? "
why is this story on the front page ?
200 people out of a state with over 500,000 .
maybe if you stop giving them so much publicity we could get on with maga ( elections are over )
the minute you realized he lies , was the minute trust was gone .
jew repoeter just look at that nose lookin like a fukin parrot
i did not say that sexism was the only cause of these global ills just a main cause of them .
you need to understand that the anglican church is not that large compared to ours so if our church and islam and judaism are still supporting sexism in religion than we have no idea what difference it would make in the world if all these religions just stopped the hate at once .
we do know thru various charities and health organizations that any attack against sexism in poor countries has an immediate impact against both poverty & violence & often abuse of both children and women in that area .
how many anglican women priests and bishops have been recorded as having abused children ?
do you know the stats on this ?
i doubt it is very high .
much of the evil caused by sexism in religion is by teaching women are less worthy to be priest or leaders so therefore they are less sacred people so therefore why does it matter if they are abused .
the pope knows this yet continues the hate .
saud mubarak - " flee from sexual immorality .
all other sins a man commits are outside his body , but he who sins sexually sins against his own body " - corinthians 6:18 if you 're gon na have a debate on abortion ; this does n't stray from the debate on masturbation according to the bible .
that s not an argument the imbalance we see with american boys shying away from useful college degrees is going to lead us to import more and more asians that have the skills to fill the labor market demand
could someone explain to me why this kike is typing like a nigger i mean is the hasbara program so cheap that these jews are still using flip phones from the 9 0
if the moderate liberal left will not denounce violence created by far left anarchists who have attached their band wagon to the progressive platform they deserve everything they get when violence is all you have left you have lost the argument riotingisdomesticterrorism
that 's the model that trump has taken to the white house .
trump uses concepts and language that evoke strong reactions of support and opposition .
some people like him , and others hate him .
either way , however , they have a strong opinion of him .
trump is an entertainer .
unfortunately , his decisions now have serious consequence .
the way i am gon na be known on the british stan twt side of twitter as that bitch who said " that s not very peng ting of you " is humiliating url
which is why i totally disagree with the concept of pedestrian right of way .
step in front of oncoming traffic at your own risk .
i am a driver as well as a pedestrian .
never do i expect anyone to stop for me .
i really wonder about people that step in front of oncoming traffic at night wearing all black .
jim christl .. hey white trash , invite them to your country then .
give them political and economic asylum .
do n't interfere with other country 's issues .
all you white trash come to asia because you ca n't make it in your own country .
using the color card to impress the gullible like the dumb hongkies .
classic zio lies . " ...
the caller id made it seem as if the call was coming from our own office ... " i m sure it did .
nobody is calling jews with bomb threats folks .
pathetic .
here comes silverstein to white knight for faggotry while taking potshots at < user > ‍ you are a pathetic faggot consider an hero
defending muslims being in europe saying that islam is nt the greatest threat to the white race pick one kys for having the reading comprehension of a goat
well the french are arabs
what happens when religious beliefs are n't separated from governance , this is insanity url
y' all know the weather getting bad tomorrow cause even chad closed rockin ' jump for the day and that never happens & # 128514 ;
friends bragging about fucking some slut , since when is everyone else 's dirty laundry something to brag about ? ? ?
< user > heck yeah rooting for you my partner goes to a queer yoga class sundays at < number > pm if you want details i can find them for ya
when it turns into disgust for people of any sort then it is a problem that is what i 'm saying .
and homophobia helps the argument of keeping sex private because then maybe everyone of every sexuality will follow suit so then people can shut up about how the gays are unnatural or how the " breeders " are the oppressors because no matter what side of that argument you are on it wo n't do anything but show that either you are a closeted homo or a closeted hetro because thou both protest far to much
why would i waste my time doing something boring at the gym when i can just not eat anymore ?
@rammadhavbjp also we need to counter the jihadi elents in oic .
threaten saudi with attack if they try to be over smart
lot of dems want to throw open the borders so immigrant votes can give the party a permanent lock on political power sordid and destructive
after 84 attack .
there are zero attacks by sikhs .
@rev_olutionary believe it or not that kid would still fuck ur bitch
what ’s similar between becoming a jew and doing drugs ?
you get baked either way
why do jews have big noses ?
to smell the money
< user > sweden from what i have been seeing it is pretty bad i think up to < number > police consider quitting because they can not cope a politician from beirut said sweden was worse than beirut a somalian immigrant wanted to return home somalia was safer than sweden he said
there are occasionally very good women leaders i will give you that however it the exception not the rule
hand over your papers !
now !
but why officer ?
what have i done ?
hand over your papers and tell us everything .
it will go easier for you .
but why ?
i have n't done anything .
[ baton , handcuffs , back of cruiser , lockup ]
just seen a tweet claiming that ' mass immigration had destroyed the lives of the indigenous british ' .
they must be bleedin old to have witnessed that , they were the iron age celt 's .
everything since then has been immigration .
even farage is an immigrant ....
oh you mean like count dankula who a self admitted communist with a tattoo of a red star on his chest who just got convicted of being a nazi because he white cowards like you find it very easy to attack the enemies of the jews
rich lean in my pants in her throat suckin this niggers
first of all , i 'm not asking you to move to israel , join the idf , or to drop american citizenship .
i 'm recommending jews claim their offered citizenship that comes from their blood .
secondly , why not try to get two dickheads on the ropes instead of just one ?
more than a " wink "   one   neonazi site said he had a jewish gun to his head to make the speech .
hello moderator or anyone 

 what is the meaning of the colour balls next to the names of the commenters ?
palestinians have been oppressing jews for centuries .
in 1839 , the british consul , william young , said that the poor jew in jerusalem ... lives from day to day in terror of his life .... young attributed the plight of the jew in jerusalem to “ the blind hatred and ignorant prejudice of a fanatical populace , ” 

 jews in jerusalem .
new york times 	 december 29 , 1878 
 crowded together in the worst lodgings , or in the dark cellars under a synagogue building , without food , fuel , or water – even water at jerusalem being a commodity of price – numbers died of starvation and various diseases , while others went raving mad .
those who could labor were denied employment by the bigotry of the mussulmans and of the oriental christians .
notice the date .
this was before the first zionists arrived in palestine .
notice the word bigotry .
is it in the queer eye contract that when they are doing the wrap up at their special event they have to mention specifically in a speech that they had assistance from < number > gay men
not being racist is nt " pc "   its being a decent person and respecting others ...
more trumpian hot air : no vision , no plan .
as much as the cg needs ice - breakers , i hope they are not holding their breath .
milton is a kike lover who pretends to be against communism when he promotes degeneracy
timeline recap ( 2016 ): 
 apr - clinton hires fusion gps 
 apr - fgps hires christopher steele 
 may - nellie ohr gets ham radio license 
 jun / jul - fbi agent strzok meets w/ steele 
 jun - doj fisa request denied 
 jul - fbi counterintelligence operation begins 
 oct - strzok and b ohr meet w/ steele 
 oct - fisa request granted
fought so hard to 🤐 the other day an trump supporter says here niggers brung gay in 1 9 8 0 💁 🏼 ‍ ♂ ️ wanted to get ha but 🤐
the phrase assad uses chemicals weapons is code for israel wants a final solution implemented on the arabs
< number > < number > statements issued by va state police in the aftermath of last weekend violence directly contradict inflammatory claims made by gov terry mcauliffe that white supremacist groups stashed weapons around town in advance of the unite the right rally against the removal of confederate statues
he gave up his life .
it was his to lay down .
father , into your hands i commend my spirit .
this is actually a common counter - point to the whole question of the jews ( or romans ) as christ killers .
i 've been a whistleblower for much of my career , and if you 're worried about your career , do n't be one .
i hope that in a situation where you should open your mouth you can deal with the perhaps inevitable and often draconian repercussions .
bureaucracies exist to perpetuate themselves .
the order of the day is , " go along to get along . "
jeffrey sterling had a heart attack in a colorado federal prison this week .
he 's a young man .
i ca n't imagine that his treatment as a whistleblower did n't damage his health .
if you do n't know his name , think of chelsea manning , edward snowden , john kiriakou .
obama has been the worst presidency in history with regard to its treatment of whistleblowers and its lack of transparency .
obama   should be pardoning all three of those whistleblowers on his way out of the oval office .
while you are at it , do n't forget to tell your grandkids you refused to act on climate change and to the prevention of lung disease .
maybe you can address why their future looks so bleak because people like you did n't act when they could .
you can provide a note to their doctor(s ) excusing them from paying for lung related problems too .
you can explain to them how you are resistant   to change and you think polluting is just fine .
people with you mindset will cost your grandkids far far more by doing nothing .
by being selfish you are guaranteeing your grandkids a far more expensive and unhealthy future .
think ralph klein - oh he saved a few sheckles at the time but it caught up with albertan 's at a later date .
i understand that the conservatives are upset by this motion because it appears to constrain free speech , although underneath i believe the mention of islamaphobia   hides some racist tendencies .
if you are worried about free speech ; that s already gone .
any criticism of israel .. not jews .. but israeli government policy , in fact anything to do with israel is automatically considered to be " anti semitic " even though it is'nt .
so if we are to have a definition of islamaphobia it should match the definition of " anti semitism " .
" " " if you really want the key to success , start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doiqg . " " -
brad szollose "
why does the top of everest look like a trash dump ?
everyone leaves a flag , and a body
the alt right are better organised to take down the agents of zog do you want a real holocaust jew club its coming we are sick of you un soros womens pay issues you mean shit the blade of justice is coming the knights of cydonia are coming
it was a horrible experience for me the first time i walked in on a jew watching niggers spank each other for entertainment that when i realized that kikes were sick and perverted
deport all non whiets revoke citizenship protip jews are nt white
the detroit lions revoked a season ticket holder tickets because he said nigger on twitter but they insist their players are allowed to express themselves freely so long as that expression is jew approved i gather the nfl hates you
" @kchrzann just be like " " damn man which polish girl broke your heart " " and watch him shut up real quick "
what a mess of an article .
show me a stat that hate crimes are " soaring " .
this is n't 1950 's mississippi anymore .
i 'm not saying hater crimes do n't exist , or that black people do n't face adversity , but to claim we 're falling back into a race war dark wage is stupid .
i 'm not going to defend trump statements , but the insinuation that his administration is anti - semetic is ridiculous .
his own daughter married a jew and converted to it herself .
nothing is better than going to a bar and a black woman praising you !
black women are magic !
value voters ? ? ! ! ? ?
since when is the eighth commandment not a judeo - christian value .
someone needs to tell the so called value voters their hero is a relentless liar .
you retarded nazi cunts need to practise your insults fuck you and the camel that has its penis firmly embedded in your arse
do n't worry toronto .
they went far enough to ensure that all the seats will be filled for next season .
hockey is a business , you know .
trump take your yamika stained with the blood of our american patriot soldiers and move to israel with the rest of the fake jew satanic pedophile filth in like your pal jeffrey epstein .
make america free of israeli parasites again .
this would have come from the most - overturned - on - appeal circuit court .... correct ?
tommy kike robinson
2009 tufts study : older people who drank 1 - 2 beers a day have a higher bone density than those who did n't . #
nationalbeerday # worldhealthday
this hoe in here 6months pregnant man take yo ass home
i wo n't bake you a cake because you are jewish .
take your business to the baker down the street .
he serves your kind .
so immigration officials did their jobs in the 90s .
then they stopped doing their jobs .
and now they will start doing their jobs again .
ok , tell me .
what is the problem ?
seems like the problem was they stopped doing the jobs they were paid to do , and obama allowed this for his two terms .
the favorite pseudo - intellectual exercise to disparage any references to the hitler era of death and destruction to give credence to the same ideology surging to the forefront of political and governing thought in the new millennium .
sneering denigration of those capable of recognizing the fascist dogmas resurrected and implemented by the republican party and their fellow corporate dinos acting in concert to destroy the nation .
this phony " law " is the most recent excuse for the white aryan supremacist propaganda ploy emblematic of the hitlerian brainwashing and worthy of that other nazi elitist joseph goebbels .
bury your head in the arid sand for the day when they come for you just like the jews .
think about this : if the jews really only wanted to create a multicultural melting pot utopia instead of white genocide , why do they constantly agitate every group in order to keep them stirred up against us ?
i have never heard someone deliver the line " you fucking bitch " better than this dude lmfao url
what hypocrisy ! "
why do us media and government declare racism evil in charlottesville and support it ( evil ) in israel ?
israel , as a jewish state is unjust , ungodly , and based on ignorance . "
thomas are , presbyterian minister , 8/18/2017 .
indeed brian , mazie & colleen have long supported israels evil racism toward the palestinians .
their protests are hypocritical !
they hated jesus because he told them the truth .
fucked up week i m so not looking forward for anything ah
no asians no jews the university will decline faster than rat up a drainpipe
i mean , being gay was much less acceptable in those times , and considering elton was involved , those things are more likely to have happened .
things you do nt know about tend to seem more scary and perverse ..... also he was addicted to sex soooo
< user > < user > i think you ignore the violence inherent in white ethno nationalism to try and score idiotic unfounded points i think you have irrational hatred of everyone different from you without any basis in reality i think you have not traveled or studied the world
sorry i was referring to the holocaust story i believe it to be a lie
70 % of male erotic dancers have already experienced violence at work [ french ] ( x - post from /r / kotakuinaction )
my uncle is like clothes .
always coming out the closet .
if i was ukrainian , i 'd sign a pact with devil himself to get rid of jewdo - islam putinistan aka russian federation ....
listening to this show right now .
amazing .
here are my thoughts on why the tragically hip matter .
http://wp.me/p7qd8z-6 g thanks for reading .
excellent post because it points to the absolute delusion that has befallen our country or even continent .
for someone to put forth such an incredible statement in such a glib fashion and a ) have steve paiken not challenge it , b ) the rest of academia not put out a statement to the contrary ; demonstrate that we are too afraid to speak up against such nonsense or that we believe it .
either way , we are doomed .
fuck you and your kike poem it doesnt represent america or american values you worm
supplemented by the jewish truck drivers attacking christmass parties
author of this hitpiece is a jew .
enough said .
oh god i did n't realize we had so many celibate infidels within this subreddit .
we need to act quick and purge these lower life forms from our society
she took a little time off from preparing the grounds of her english estate to house muslim refugees so that she could stick her snarky bitch comments squarely into our politics maga < user > < user >
well of course it 's okay today to be prejudice , it just has to be the right kind of prejudice .
anything black , jewish , etc ... is no good 

 but hating anything to do with men or boys , conservatives , religious people , anyone who did not bow down to hillary , is perfectly fine for you to be prejudiced against , insult , smear and gossip about ... 

 ... we even encourage you in your hate today 

 ... as long as it is the proper hate and in accordance with the msm , talk show hosts & feminists .
then you 're all good .
what do sneakers and jews have in common ?
they 're more common in 39 than 45
this must be a new low for the indian parliament .
url
only in canada does the rcmp consider charging people who want to repay money to the feds but permit the payment of hush money to a liberal bagman in quebec to terminate the investigation of the liberal party
why does this old hag of a writer hate visible minorities ?
her columns are reliable for taking cheap shots at marginalised groups .
try attacking the jews in the same fashion and see what happens .
fuck all religion with nail studded glass dildos .
all of the queers commenting about how gab does not support free speech yet andrew has not banned the chief warlord of the actual right jared wyand the shills are out in full force even on gab it seems
he talks so disrespectfully about molly .
he sees him only as a sex object , acknowledges the non - passing bit and mocks the genitals .
lil nigga do not jump in that water cause this shit deep
@chief louie you mean " make britain white again " right ?
well these dreamers did arrive illegally .
waddaya expect ?
folks behold the kind of retard who would let america become mexico and let the constitution be shredded via mass voting by mestizo and african hordes just so long as he is not called a racist because you know mestizos just love free stuff i mean freedom
the rolling stones - paint it ... ... off white ?
seeing as crazy kim - jong un and the mullahs of iran are determined to get or expand their nuclear capability it seems foolish to abolish the one trump card the developed and civilized world has .
the day israel gets rid of their nukes is the day the jewish state disappears .
nazis : let 's exterminate the jews !
soviets : let 's kill a ton of our people multiple times !
where are jews most found ?
in the atmosphere .
@cnn neither god not the devil has anything to do with the shit in america
this 19 year old israeli jewish man perhaps took a page out of the mossad and cia state sponsored terrorism handbooks .
create a false flag event or pretext ( fire bomb or spray paint synagogues and make it appear as a hate crime perpetuated on the jewish people by ' muslim ' extremists ) and bring pity on your cause , in this case , the jewish people , pretty much like what the cia / mossad did on 9/11 which sprouted the world wide association between muslim = terrorism and ultimately constricting humanity 's liberties and freedoms   and putting society under greater warrantless surveillance .
i am not denying that romans physically killed jesus you are denying that the jews ordered his murder you are a lying kike
if all the extreme religious people , from all the religions and denominations , came together to draw up a list of all the little things they each believed to be " satanic " ( besides the obvious murder , theft , etc . )
their heads would implode as they come to the realisation that somehow , they 're all probably going to hell .
i wanna see the full clip .
this dude is crazy , but i 'm not gon na disregard the fact that it convieniently starts as soon as he 's beginning to rage .
i wanna see what he said that was degrading women in the beginning .
he probably had a ( somewhat ) legitimate reason to be mad but it was edited out .
there was an underlying racist element to drug prohibition from the get go .
chinese and opium ; blacks and cocaine ; mexicans and marijuana ...   that 's perhaps a simplification , but the fact is that marijuana likely would n't be considered for legalization today if , 50 years ago , white society had n't begun to adopt its use in large numbers .
bottom line is that everyone , regardless of race , has been hurt by prohibition - whether through arrests , incarceration , police abuse , stereotyping ,   criminal records , etc , in addition to the financial burden on every member in society for such an expensive , hurtful , and flawed experiment .
drug prohibition hurt us , and continues to hurt us all .
it 's absolutely time to legalize marijuana .
canada should also lift prohibitions from other recreational drugs , especially drugs that are low on the harms index like lsd , psilocybin ,   and ecstasy - and start treating drug use as the health and social issue it is and not a criminal justice issue .
seeking asylum does not undo a crime committed you stupid idiot aoc !
on this train of thought you could commit a crime do not admit citizenship and claim asylum instant aoc get out of jail free card !
the dems are attempting to overthrow the government via illegal immigration and then allowing them to vote by stopping voter id .
i 'm only interested in locking up your cock and controlling you .
all of you .
get it ? #
mistresstea # femdom # chastity # locked # caged # owned # chastitylife # chastityislife # permanentchastity   # keyholder url
what 's the difference between a boy scout and a jew ?
a boy scout comes back from camp .
the " costumes " mentioned in this article are called vestments .
their detail and cost correspond to the significance of the miracle that happens at each mass. 
 our priests are of the order of melchizedek , ; the ancient jews took worship seriously and their priests were the best they had to offer , so our priests , of the same order , are obliged to do as well .
i do not like the style of this article and do not like the position it argues .
however , the silver lining is the " data " it conveys .
the 87 year - old priest .
the " rebellion " of retirees .
the restorationist mindset of the young .
" many younger pastors , the statement said , " seem to have the attitude that the second vatican council never happened . " "
vii and the people that support the protestantization of the faith will very soon blow away like dust in the wind and will hopefully be only remembered as a bad memory .
hagan lio ! ! !
psychopathic inbred kike djuggie schooma manages to eat his own anus
since kety used to be a christian music singer before fame , then she probably was aware of the song from the other band / singer
oh first , i m gon na put my fat black balls all over her face , and make her lick my asshole with her tongue , while i spread her married pussy with fingers .
then when she 's covered in then sweat and spit from my ass and her mouth i 'm gon na start fucking her sloppy face with my long , thick cock , with my phone out , while you get me a beer
" “ margaret , ” said another e - mail i got this week . “
every time i see a baby or a child i smile deep from the heart .
it ’s been like that for as long as i can remember ! ”
it was signed “ sophie . ”
she wants me to send money .
she wants me to know that she and justin thank me from the bottom of their hearts .
i can see how this is going .
next time , i ’ll hear from hadrien . "
the left will see this as attempted humour and the right will not realize it 's fake news !
not as hard as it must be for you a basic bitch libertarian desperately cuckposting retarded memes to your internet black friend to prove you are not racist
what do you call a jew with autism ?
auschwistic
the word problems that used to motivate the teaching of high school and college algebra ( simple , simultaneous , and quadratic equations ) disappeared from the syllabus decades ago .
< user > this is one of your more terrible takes survivors of the holocaust do not want auschwitz torn down so people remember
compassion fatigue is the result of excess empathy rather than of a lack of sympathy ... the process of continuing putting oneself in the shoes of the suffering and in distress , and feeling their feelings , leads to a secondary traumatic stress ( sts ) which leads to the gradual physical and and emotional exhaustion , to the burn out of compassion .
those suffering from such burnout should not be condemned , they should be understood and helped and taught coping strategies .... they should not be regarded as psychopaths .
@sambdoodles @lesbianpapyrus i respect pronouns ofc but i 'm just saying it makes no sense to not match your gender to your pronouns there is no point to it that 's like the whole point of what pronouns is
< user > < user > perhaps you should sto pforcing your morals on others like a 1 9 5 0 racist white christian
coming together for christmas wow tesco has lost it mind for moslems and jews christmas is pagan celebration aside from fact that they would not eat turkey which is not halal i wish pork was traditional christmas dish in britain too then this advert would have had a different meaning
those we should care for before we worry about any illegals or refugees elderly handicapped veterans children homeless not necessarily in that order either please feel free to add any groups i inadvertently missed
why do n’t the jews eat pussy ? ‘
because it ’s too close to the gas chamber ’
i m gon na rt lesbian porn so yea
we really do not need to see king mo and rampage go at it again that was fucking terrible
when did blacks and hispanics and muslims and feminist and queers and gays and transgenders and illegals and jews gain the upper hand law according to them screw that
@blackrepublican how long after the name change will al memorabilia w / redskins name be deemed racist and therby illegal ?
i forgot to add those poor palestinian towel heads we will ask them how peaceful these so called rat jews are i do not think they will say the jew is very peaceful
that pepsi ad tho ... how tone deaf can you be , how fucking embarrassing
it sure is weird how i only ever see mean things being attached to the gamergate hashtag .
i do n't understand why pointing out the obvious seems to trigger people such as yourself .
i suspect it 's easier to engage in hairsplitting about how donnie is not exactly like hitler or mussolini , or what is different about right wing authoritarians that support donnie vs. those that supported fascists of the past , rather than confronting what your party has become , and either working to fix it , or find another party to affiliate with - i think to ignore it is to put our country in peril , and so i wo n't ignore it , and i will not stop speaking plainly about it , no matter how politically incorrect you and others like you seem to find it .
btw , many of the skinheads , breitbarters and 4channers very much want those they consider the enemy ( gays , blacks , jews , hispanic , asian , non - xtians , union members , and " liberals " - meaning , anyone who does not give full throated support to their idiot god , including " cuckservatives " , to be subjected to the worst that the third reich had to offer .
don ’ t you hate when you accidentally fall for her so ghetto
yeah true the explanation i heard was he was just supposed to be a shabbos goy for the jews but out smarted them and took power they explained stalin is the reason the ussr adopted more socially conservative policies and started mild anti semitism
< user > < number > bank islam
it 's like you do n't know what the words you 're using mean .
enforcing bisexuality ( attraction to both men and women ) is oppressive .
just as it would be to enforce heterosexuality or homosexuality .
quite clearly nothing has been ' revealed ' to you .
it must be exhausting living in your head .
ppl fuckin retarded
the white bitch got found guilty yes lord
no need for hateful comments but how are jews not white people
do not break your arm jerking yourself off on twitter kike
< user > < user > i know because they are retards
< user > must engage with kurdish people they r facing genocide in the hand of jihadi < user > we must support cause of a separate kurdistan by dividing turkey eastern region < user > < user > < user > < user > < user >
you are the reason people call blacks " niger " .
got it ?
how can you say like that to someone who is being degraded by the white because of mainly her skin color ?
bc has an earthquake fault line , you have to be insane to even suggest that we should be put at risk because someone lied it 's a benefit for canada , when it really is n't and never will be .
to an extent , yes .
the lack of discussion and ganging up on the minorities is what bothers me .
what ’s the difference between jews and euros ?
it really sucks to lose six million euros
real chads do nt browse reddit and real normies do nt browse r / incel
< number > hour podcast are very ghetto < user >
inadvertently released black snow on the web
" @flatassss so the whole excuse that " " a party was happening " " i 've watched movies multiple times while a party was happening .
not hard "
" @pwscorecards gon na try these out for the weekend ca n't wait they look like fun .
do you put " " friendly wagers " " on top scores or anything ? "
where was the condemnation in that statement ?
there was none , that 's the point .
most of america expected condemnation of racism , bigotry and armed violence from   the president , and we did n't get it .
instead trump compared the counter - protesters to the nazis , kkk , vanguard america and white supremacists , those people who carried guns , wore uniforms , and shouted insults at jews while protesting a synagogue .
if that 's ok with you , then you 're a racist anti - semitic bigot too .
this fucking white ape must go back to europe fucking little zionist prostitute like his prostitute daughter ivanka .
i fucking hate my uncle its so hard to enjoy my buckeyes when all he does is insult my buckeyes and thier amazing head coach
nope jews protect soros you go after the everyday normal kike make them cry out in pain as they strike you we need to make jews afraid again
i realize something about myself after hearing some white nationalists talk i reflected on my past and realized ever since i was young i was attracted to asians
what do meanjokes and a blowjob have in common ?
they both suck .
yep that is a great movie but my favorite is утомленные солнцем i was actualy wacing it yesturday a verry verry powerful film 2508
< user > oh shit that is a big one killed it only to then realize you now have to kill all the fkn babies too
what is worse than the holocaust ?
6,000,000 jews
the conclusion " this pope leaves the door open to dismiss what previous popes have said " is unsupported by the facts at hand .
were he to say that instead of simply being vague i might agree with the hypothesis .
the petrine office has never been termed omniscient or inerrant .
the office is infallible on in certain matters under conditions which have been laid out in some detail , most especially at the vatican i and vatican ii councils .
i think the worst of my allergies is over .
today has n't been too bad .
fuck yeah .
every answer to your question is life deadass it 's fucking life
do cuckservatives even argue that the leftist tactic of submission through political violence is not effective anymore tbh i d like to watch one with the audacity to argue such a moronic position given current events just to see how they try to spin it
all these stupid people storming in , why do n't we just dress as aliens so they take us in !
🤫
like his late dead daddy , jt must be anti - semitic .
he has remained silent to the montreal guy who says we should punch zionist jews in the face .
if he promises to really do it , i would go to montreal and he can punch me .
guess i could punch him back .
raise it and selective service to < number > i say lets see them faggots fight a zog war when you ca nt enlist till < number > nobody would be dumb enough to go
tell him the truth .
only black gangs have gays and punks .
only .
in the movie titanic , how did rose stay afloat ?
with her back on the driftwood and her legs on jack .
watching the warsaw ghetto burn
causation and correlation are n't the same .
just because gang members use drugs does n't mean anyone who uses drugs is a gang member .
this is the type of stuff you have to learn to get a ged .
is anyone with a gun also on the verge of becoming a gang member ?
should we get rid of guns because some people with guns might join a gang ?
just being smug and saying ' you 're not right i like ignoring you ' does n't make you right .
it 's immature and shows you do n't have a real point to make .
not once have you conceded or agreed with me .
something i have done on multiple occasions with you and points you 've made .
you think you 're 100 % right about everything you think ?
you think these brash assumptions can stand up to scrutiny ?
instead of turning around and refining your point you always turn to personal attacks .
it 's low of you , and i 'm not going to just ' go away ' when i see you say absurd things .
you 're posting public comments , i guess hoping people only agree with you .
the jews are less than < number > of the total world population so the only way you can be right is if all the jews are some kind of ultra wizards fyi the jews are not some kind of ultra wizards
deadass gon go lesbian
the irony is if you are a straight white male in decent shape they are going to label you a nazi anyway might as well rock it
i would invite you and any others to review the fpas regarding clear cut acreage limits , green up requirements , and stream buffer requirements .
please educate yourself before making inaccurate statements .
to address your your comment about the propaganda of clear cut logging as forestry , the science has shown that major disturbances such as fire ( which clear cutting emulates ) are beneficial to overall forest health .
those of us who have chosen to pursue careers in forestry have done so because we feel a connection to the forest and have a passion for being stewards of the land .
we spend more time in the forest than most , and want to see it remain healthy for our children and grandchildren to enjoy .
not the alliance .... i'm retired , i was n't born here .. my parents were n't born here .... my family is multilingual .... the kids are grown , competitively educated , were imbued with a sense of self reliance   and can walk without falling down   .... we can hold our own .....
le americané have never seen jews in beast mode but the ones that live in dearborn michigan texas and houston are starting to see the light just give the rest some time zionism will take good care of that
i love this song because it tell 's you no matter who you are , our what you are , we 're all different !
at the end of the day we are all human , and we are all discriminating each other over the colour of our skin our how we dress !
we should treat each other with respect and the way we would like to be treated !
it 's 2019 can we just respect each other !
their is already so much bad in this world of our 's !
i 'm sure we do n't want any more .
the point of this song is that we should stop judging people and get on with our own business !
if your still reading this i hope you have an amazing day ! ! !
=) )
i am so ghetto
where are the niggas that suck pussy ?
url
i * want * religious people to have their imaginary friend because often it seems like the only thing stopping them from raping and pillaging .
just stop worrying that i 'm going to hell , i actually prefer warmer weather .
these dog ass hoes fuck whoever up next
what do you call a cheap circumcision ?
a rip off
want to watch elite bc arón piper ’ h*t < censored > but the whole thing they did with their muslim character is so repulsive idk 🙆 ‍ ♀ ️ 🙆 ‍ ♀ ️ 🙆 ‍ ♀ ️
this women has ruined europe for all the barbarians she let in her country .
shame on her .
< user > marry my cousin she also needs citizenship two undocumented immigrants equal a citizen it is basic math
how do you define terrorism ?
you probably do n't even know that this was the truck attacker from france that communist merkel released because even though a 1000 people saw him in the truck , merkel did n't find any of his dna so he was released ... 

 well some months later , look what we got ... 
 you need to be slapped .
that is reality .
the media defined the attacker as a " bearded man " in a " gun incident " if this does n't tell you everything to know about the msm you 're still asleep .
what about sensitivity to others with beards ?
that s a broad generalization .
jews have beards , sihks have beards , hindus have beards , christians have beards ... 

 the amount of daesh ( isis ) apologists here is disgusting .
there are so many islamo - fascists in our culture its a reflection of the drugged up culture ...
although many do believe in jesus and divine resurrection but to think of things where the bible truly do nt give you the true ending of his death and restrictions makes you think of the logics that could have taken place into learning or knowing how such could have been of benefits .
😉
lets not as far as i m concerned you re a kike working in tel aviv using kike circular non argument tactics to make the far right look silly as an effort to make sure no one effectively opposes white genocide
how do you get < number > jews in a car ?
< number > in the front , < number > in the back and < number > in the ashtray .
" ... but no one wants one jewish state with disaffected , disenfranchised palestine ... " 

 unfortunately , that is precisely what the israeli right wing want ( assuming they ca n't get rid of the palestinians altogether ) .
so edgy @thecolouredkid _ i 'm no sexist i 'm just a realist and ca n't make sense of some of the shit we do as a society
cucumbers soak with vinegar salt and black pepper 🤤
the majority of " illegals " just overstay their visas - the boarder is already highly secure
trying to understand why azerbaijan is muslim why white aryan men turned to muslim when muslim is a sand nigger invention with the help of jews aryan men get their racial name from the mountains of caucuses hence caucasian people
the only people who still call others virgins in 2019 are virgins .
go get laid you loser .
bitch you better praise god or imma shoot and that 's on god i ai n't playin bout my lord and savior i 'm on my job if you ai n't a christian imma stab you in the face
what do you call an autistic jew ?
baked potato .
the funny thing about conversing with kikes is once you 've mastered seeing through their deceptive jewspeak you quickly realize that whole high iq thing is largely a myth
remember how quiet every other pres has been after they left the use obongo because he is a nigger and they think white guilt will work obey obey you were taught in in schools gov and all media obey
great job , sri lanka !
as an indian , i think all of us in south asia should work together on these problems .
has duncan considered the fact that she was n't disliked because she was a woman , but rather , that she was just disliked ?
" duncan was widely praised for her hard work in putting together the project .
on the ground in norway , though , various media accounts suggested she appeared anxious to dominate a group that included some of the world ’s top virologists , while keeping the media focus on her .
“ for five long days , we had kirsty duncan talking endlessly about her hurts , hopes and fears at the graveyard … kirsty duncan in tears at the graveyard , ” wrote esther oxford . “ ‘
what are we going to have next ? ’
joked a cameraman . ‘
kirsty duncan carrying the olympic torch ? ’ ”
davies documented duncan ’s “ touchy - feely emotionalism ” and allegedly obsessive behaviour that included performing 2,000 sit - ups a day . "
http://news.nationalpost.com/news/canada/politics/trudeaus-new-science-minister-kirsty-duncan-was-advocate-of-controversial-and-largely-disproven-ms-treatment
this is more bringing the klan back than defending free speech .
what kind of speech is " jews will not replace us " ?
get real and stop enabling the kkk and nazis .
alt right , white supremacist , nazi , kkk , they are all the same garbage and the gop needs to take a bath and sober up a bit and get out of bed with them .
when the moon hits your eye like a bigga pizza pie , that 's amore ' .
and which countries are breeding out of control like there no tomorrow the red ones as well flooding the world with mentally retarded individuals but hey europeans stop having children in order to save the world
if you 're lucky enough to be different , do n't ever change .
you 're not a mirror of someone else identity .
< user > welcome to femi nazi you are like yes to equal right but no to equal responsibility irony
they should have made mulan black
idk man who am i & # 128557;&#128557 ; i just wanna die & # 128557;&#128557 ; so damn tried if life # sick # lifesucks
# gay boi detected
🔷 on the authority of abu sa`eed al - khudree ( may allah be pleased with him ) who said : i heard the messenger of allah ( ﷺ ) say ,   " whosoever of you sees an evil , let him change it with his hand ; and if he is not able to do so , then [ let him change it ] with his tongue ; and if he
so much propaganda ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
even the nytimes reported how soros and clinton - financing soros funded these marches , the man who was a nazi collaborator who saw his ' fellow ' jews get sent off to the ovens .
he is insane , mad and driving much of this madness to overthrow actual democracy .
reporters ?
well are n't you old fashioned lol .
sadly they were all imprisoned or drowned while swimming .
these are zionist propagandists , who will literally crawl through broken glass for a shekel .
how can you tell ash is nt jewish ?
if he was , he would be ashes
oh george !
why do i get the feeling that will sits back after composing his ' piece ' , waxing so erudite and says to himself , " boy ... i am so clever ... "
parental fight over circumcision of 4 - year old 
 this is just plan disgusting .
it 's ok , god will judge the right way and already know your destination so let the bigots flow but they 'll get theirs
well grumpy gramps you do have a redeeming quality after all , you can catch the odd spelling miscue of others .
how you manage doing that between downing bucketfulls of the white man 's firewater is surely a mystery of science .
now why not find a nice corner and pass out , you 'll be doing yourself and the world a favor .
it < number > you can honor the lost cause if you are a crazed homosexual jew but i repeat myself thrice
+ dallas   only ignorants support trump , no disrespect .sorry i forgot the racists also .
your mother sucks fat cocks
if they do not fear us then why do they pay kike shills like you to think up cringe poetry
weinstein epstein these are all jewish names they 're all part of the combo that runs this world this is just the surface of our other countries do every day to every boy and girl in this world they should all burn and burn and burn and burn
seriously ? ! ?
what 's wrong with supporting our country while being white ?
this whiny kike is so annoying .
i work in a warehouse in scalding ass hot alabama and it rules .
john oliver has never done any physical work other than picking up a box of dildos from his doorstep .
they do pretty well in canada and other of the queen 's realms .
congratulations from my wife and i our country needs more white women and white men like you and your husband and your children this is a white nation and it belongs to people likeyou and your family
bob ferguson is a great attorney general .
we should all be proud .
this is why we all hate you dumb bitches go do something with your life instead of degrading the experiences of actual fucking trauma survivors you inconsiderate asshole
this seems like half a story .
what about the buy side analysts .
are they also declining in numbers ?
< user > when i say niggas i mean dykes nd guys 🤣 so actually i did not
watch out !
the local cops might feel threatened by a black man welding a " deadly weapon " and shoot him dead .
being surrounded by black women who want to see you win > > >
so my iphone still thinks fuck is duck but it auto corrects hufflepuff with no issue < number > is gay af
a buddy cop show where one of them is a holocaust survivor and the other is a holocaust denier
this bitch should stop this games and suck real dick smh
at work & amp ; this guy is talking about me to his friend not knowing i 'm literally 5 feet away hearing every word coming from his fucking mouth
any nigga that hop in female beef and add to it instead of trying to stop it is a whole complete faggot
gianfranco zola hand signed italy away football shirt - coa - chelsea autograph https://t.co/kx3u4uucmn # cfc … https://t.co/rhylaxm6vm
specifically , which country would trump use them against at this present time ?
how does the only superpower remain a superpower ?
by neglecting its ' fighting capability ?
elon musk sent the spacex to the moon 

 now he s sending a submerine to the thai boys .
come on elon call it spacey.
you would think being unemployed , single , car - less or some other shit would depress me .
no .
it 's school .
always has been , always will be .
in a way , saunders has a point .
the damage from 9/11 was immediate , tragic to the n'th degree and super - shocking .
no question , but it was temporary . (
the iraqi and afghan invasions that followed are another story .
they were as reactive then as trump is now , but not a necessary consequence of 9/11 .
bush jr. was itching for a reason to invade iraq and complete his father 's blunder .
the afghanistan venture , we have learned , was too simple - minded for the   complex situation that it presented , an attribute which i often find characterizes right - ish reactivity .
leftist ones too .
again , that 's another story . )
what trump is contemplating as energy and environment policy ( or lack thereof ) , to name two , are likely to have much more prolonged consequences and not just for the us .
that is tragedy too .
affecting billions instead of thousands and costing orders of magnitude more money in damages .
and no , no libtard am i.
but but but bev oda resigned for having an orange juice .
hmm ... all i can say , really , is go with your heart !
if that leads you to living the life of a cis person , then go ahead , you 're valid either way .
if that means transitioning , then do that !
it 's about what you want to do , there s reason to be fearful about whether you are or are n't , just be you .
of course it will take a while to discover who you are , but it takes everyone a while .
i wish you the best of luck !
come on satin pluck these idiot 's from america trump2020
seriously ? ! ?
what 's wrong with supporting our country while being white ?
ok i still do not have them trying to kill me yet 🤔 but raghead islamist have tried to kill many in my family i will deal with the jews trying to kill us when i see their rpg coming towards us thx 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸
in truman 's defense , he did desegregate the pentagon , so blacks and whites all used the same washrooms and water fountains , he extended the post war   gi bill benefits to all black service men , and a number of other   efforts , despite   pressures from fellow democrat s against equal   rights .
i remember my days in toronto in the late 90s drinking beer here and there .
we always ran into an old chinese man on a bike collecting empties .. one time he was teaching us how to count in chinese .
he earned the nickname sap soi from that counting lesson .
i think it meant   17 or something .
typical lefty toronto bs to try stretch some whole multicultural narrative out of some old chinese people collecting bottles .
shocking !
obama caused syrian airstrike ( the media ’s hiding this ) https://t.co/btqtha0osm via @readthehornnews
rt @_boowhop : i ca n't trust ah soul i ca n't trust these nighas i ca n't trust these hoes
if you are a skinhead then by definition you must have your head shaved because if you do n't you 're not a skinhead .
thinking she a pretty decent bitch but she a hoe prolly
isis attacks libya isis attacks iraq isis attacks syria isis attacks yemen isis attacks france isis attacks london isis attacks lebanon isis attacks sri lanka isis attacks iran isis attacks bugojno isis attacks russia egypt belgium germany spain sweden but not the chosen ones url
again , reasonable laws that do n't restrict ownership ... background checks , registration , safety for both transport and storage .
if these were american values we would decrease gun violence ... but it 's not .
if we were responsible for guns the black market would dry up .
if we were n't the apologists for arms makers , the people , children our families would be safer ... still protected , if needed , by a firearm , owned by a well trained , sane adult .
if we were responsible we would never let children see firearms as toys , leave them around for children to see and play with , too often with deadly consequences .
imagine if you had to buy firearms insurance , or if manufacturers were held accountable , like a lawn mover company , for the use and misuse of their product .
oh well , this is one of those many issues where the middle is right and the right is wrong .
i pray for the day when the nra 's goal is no gun deaths ... now that 's a radical idea whose time has come .
i suppose you think that we should also give every military technological secret we have to iran .
oh crap , i hope i did n't give justin another idea to make the mullahs love judaism and christianity .
they will literally ban you for saying men and women exist now
ino the type of bad bitch who would smack sasuke randomly
what a stroke of genius , just imagine the savings to the taxpayer if instead of deploying the police for each and every call they can simply call the perpetrator or suspect , and ask them to drop by the nearest station for a sit down to discuss how this issue might be resolved .
genius .
you dumbass redneck
which proves everything we say about kikes is the truth these book merchants know the second they mention a kike their gig ends which gives kikes free reign to start more wars because no one can question their shit
it is not a coincidence that these country , which are listed above were and are still being under attack by the western media , since one of the main reasons these countries have been under attack in the first place is because they do not have a rothschild owned central bank yet .

s jim , you seem to be branding reputable news outlets with this : 
 “ unfortunately , most of what is out there is corporate / government sponsored propaganda in some fashion . ”
this sounds like something i hear from people that get and actually believe way too much of their “ news ” from very biased sites that twist facts and spread misinformation and outright falsehoods .
fox ‘ news ’ included .
you probably do n't care because anyone who does n't agree with you must not have the information that you believe is correct .
i am retired and have time to read a lot of different people 's   opinion and sometimes there is a lot of good information for an open mind .
i grew up in a military republican home so i know about that side .
then went to a liberal east coast elite college where in four years got to know the " elite " and was brainwashed with their beliefs ..... but did n't finish the third step to brainwashing which is to " cement the new ideas " .
i consider myself to be open minded and intelligent with a lot of information .
you are welcome to your own opinion about that .
kap was brave to step up and say what he believes and what many others believe .
we need more people who care as much as he does to risk losing his means of making a living .
guess you probably have n't been in that situation .
have a good day .
" thanks to @regalmovies & amp ; @fathomevents , i get to enjoy an afternoon with hitchcock 's " " north by northwest " " on the big screen . "
stop ganging up on me !
it 's so hard to be a male in this household .
send them the fuck back .
it may only be to new jersey or wherever the fuck they came from , but send these feckless cunts packing ...
debating which pro whites belong in the alt right total kike behaviour vox day is this generations william f buckley
it is odd to me that everyone is so angry that trump is against women .... when in fact ... what   has hillary ever done for boys , men , fathers etc .
? ? ?
never mind her platform ( all about women and identifiable   groups) ... has there been one single tweet about issues of health , divorce , mental health , boys in school , legal injustice , skills retraining , suicide , societal discrimination misandry ? ? ? .
nothing .
crickets .
sorry hillary ignoring 150 million americans due to their gender is wrong .
the nazis objectified the jews as " having it all" ... and i see a parallel here .
if hillary can paint another group(men ) as the undeserving other ... and the cause and target of her pain , ( and society 's ) then ignoring them is justified in her tribal , identify politics fuel mind .
how selfish .
you go girl !
so what i hear you saying johann is there is no metric that you will track given his irredeemable nature .
fair enough .
anyone else ?
maybe it 's because lesbians like vaginas and you do n't have one , or maybe because you still look like a man .
cat : 

 as usual , your opinions have a thick veneer of mud -- with distractions of spelling errors ( dollerama ) , oblique references ( canadian tire ) , and amateurish , self invented , and obscure emojis .
other than that , you are right as acid rain .
рrоvеn_intеrnеt_sех_dаting_sitе_with_mаnу_girls._му_rеаl_stоrу_аbоut < number > timеs_with < number > diffеrеnt_girls_fоr_уоu_guуs [ removed ]
you really are a joy to read .
so because i did n't support a communist as you did , i am the extremist .
supporting an old fool like bernie is bad enough but you brag about it too .
than you compare this loser hippie who could n't make a living outside of government to jesus christ .
yes they are both jewish and wear sandals .
you have a match .
your ignorance of representative government is only outpaced by your ignorance of christianity .
bernie sells the lie of salvation on earth while christ always had to remind his followers that his kingdom was not of this world .
jesus teaches of personal salvation through a personal relationship with god .
bernie teaches salvation of the collective by all placing their faith on " enlightened " men .
bernie may not really believe it but has found that by hyping it to kids , he can afford a new beachfront home .
you do n't have to tell me about majorities and minorities .
there is no shortage of idiots and fools .
enjoy your majority .
< user > help i am retarded idk what it mean
no clue who @politibunny is , but she just set her followers on me .
yayyy mention spam .
lookit dat fucken kike tryna wreck mah rep on heah
you never watched doctor who or torchwood ?
native hawaiians are recognized in the united nations as the indigenous people of hawaii , not that we needed that recognition to know that he were here before colonization / settler colonization .
it 's not about separating ourselves via race .
it 's about recognizing our genealogy and historical roots and how we , native hawaiians , became a distinct people in culture , language , and spirituality in the hawaiian islands .
it 's honestly kinda * shocking * that there has n't been any same - sex couples on dwts yet .
i mean , i know that abc is a bit more conservative than other networks ( especially since they 're owned by disney ) , but it still seems weird .
execute the rabbi .
the man who shot him is no different than massad hunting down a nazi supporter .
judaism murders palestine babies .
all synagogs support israel and preach zionism , a cult based on hatred and enslavement of non jews .
he should be treated just ad mossad assassins and idf baby killers are .
if you want to commit murder , rape women and children , spew racial and hateful statements and get away with it , convert to judaism and say anti - semite and the courts will make others pay you and be applauded for it as well .
wishful thinking on your part .
stand for mauna a wakea has 18,000 members .
we are mauna kea has 15,000 members and we support tmt has 1,200 members .
do the math
stephen colbert said it best :   steve bannon , the best looking guy at the liquor store .
so , uh , thanks for the free advertising !
all these people killing innocent blacks in the world will suffer terribly in the afterlife
why do jews have big noses ?
so they can get the lugers out easier
islam and antisexist parading together are like nazi and jewish together
where 's richard greico ?
thanks to obama , the un declared that jews have no right to live in the jewish quarter of jerusalem , nor does israel have any rights to its holiest sites - the western wall and the temple mount .
obama is thee single worst president of all time : doubling the federal debt to $ 20 trillion ; a weak u.s. economy ; his obamacare is an outright joke ; a nuclear weapons program for iran ; pathetic bungling of syria and iraq to create isis ; a powerful putin ; an abm capable kim jong - un ; and a weak - kneed u.s.
well brexit might be bad .
but with faith , flags and wwii style fighting spirit .
we can do this ! #
sarcasm
i genuinely wish that i had a dollar for every woman , jew and gay that has been beaten , killed and oppressed by your beloved and sacred sharia law .
that way i could afford plane tickets to send every one of you anti - american terrorists back to your sh*thole countries . #
maga url
if the kike population equalled the white one the number of jew assaulters would be < number > jews to < number > white ones
k you know my work schedule is fucked up when i still have n't even watch this week 's rpdr yet who am i and why
well , i 'm currently renting until real estate prices come back down to reasonable levels ; i 'm a middle aged professional and i 'm pretty sure i take very good care of my home ( it 's certainly a hell of a lot * cleaner * than when i moved in ) but the landlord has n't made any effort to update the place with the arm and a leg i 'm paying .
the condition of all property here is lousy .
i would pay even more than i 'm already paying for somewhere i 'd actually want to live , but that 's impossible to find in anchorage .
is that only me think that google doodle celebrates too many female scientists and activists ?
what ’s the difference between alive and dead people ?
it has always been easier to get more bones out of a dead person .
got myself a pair of burgundy 8 hole grindres on a low sole they kick as as far as i am concernd that s all i need
national post : http://nationalpost.com/news/politics/aside-from-morneau-three-other-mps-in-trudeau-cabinet-are-using-so-called-conflict-of-interest-screens 
 dominic leblanc , jody wilson - raybould and amarjeet sohi have personal financial arrangements similar to the setup that has landed bill morneau in hot water
i really would love it if the cat would stop using our box spring as her scratching post 😭 😓 😡 😾
basically i am just gon na not october is a fucking busy month its a bad month to do this kinda shit how bout some ink challenges in like july
i guess i got lucky , i we n't to a public high school and we never had to learn about the holohoax .
you 're going to try and make the argument ' if ' you were jewish ? ? ? .
look up the definition , if you do n't know it .
your comment was anti - semitic anyway you want to twist it , whether you 're jewish or not .
and you 're not , hypothetical 's do n't give it validity , so do n't play that angle .
you just answered your own question , that disregards the rest of your diatribe .
you said ' it 's shameful practicing eugenics ' regardless of his being jewish ' .
there you go .
the issue of whether eugenics is bad or not is another issue .
but what difference does it make if he 's jewish or not ?
why mention it ? ? ?
the issue of religious belief towards eugenics did n't come up in the article .
religion was n't a concern to schnitzer .
that is what makes it anti - semitic , any way you try and twist it around .
that he is jewish had nothing to do with the topic / issue .
you threw it in there .
you 're an anti - semite ( and you 're not jewish , that analogy is irrelevant .
there you go .
you just put your foot in your mouth .
more kike lies could not even find his body yet those cocksmokers tell us they have his fucking dna esad thank nature for the tay sachs
russia has been bombing hospitals in syria .
russia has killed dissidents .
putin was a kgb agent .
they 've killed millions .
they 've banned free press .
they abuse their lgbt people .
they 've hacked our country and others .
but you 're right .
we should just stand back and let them do whatever they want because it is n't us .
those who stand for nothing , fall for everything .
they came for the jews but i was n't jewish ........
if you do n't care than interracial company should n't matter as long as you are looking for people to hang out with similar interests as y'alls .
as if # kaliefbrowder story could n't give me more of a headache , now there 's a deadbeat dad in the mix .
sheesh .
people mad that trump made a call , meanwhile hundreds of children and innocent people are being brutally killed ..
do you know the secret to good german baking ?
jew concentrate
< user > < user > < user > refugee issue nothing to do with with immigration policy they are two different things the eu want to determine where refugees get to live with nil consideration of international treaties
my first , apparently disparaging comment included " and why would any sane person give a rip about what   longtime truth distortionist elvie gray jackson has to say about anything ? "
so i was cancelled by the adn censors .
ok , here we go again : i will vote yes , and encourage all smart , common sense adults who protect our children to vote yes on this common sense position keeping males in the boys bathroom and females in the girls bathroom .
worked well for centuries- could work well now if intelligent people are heard !
all these stupid people storming in , why do n't we just dress as aliens so they take us in !
🤫
why niggas be actin like the whole world against them when that karma start hittin they ass no bitch you reap what you sow period
it 's almost something you would expect out of a north korea propaganda press release .
" the biggest attendance in history " 
 day 1 and the white house has already become a false news machine , dishing out their dear leader 's garbage .
your mother sucks fat cocks
this is fucking disgusting and i hope that the woman that did this burns on a fucking stake .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > that he more concerned with managing appearance than any actual substance all picaninny and no spaff very trumpesque
" a second teen victim recalls the stabbings .
says it took him awhile to realize it was n't a joke .
he heard someone yell " " run , he has a knife ! " " "
the rate of black on white violence is horrifically high god rest the souls of those poor victims
what do you call a retarded jew ? ...
auschvistic
ben shapiro a typical lying kike trying to represent the alt right ethical jews have precedence over non jews for getting an israeli citizenship he lying as is typical of his race
the world is yours n every bitch in it
" rt @hughgoesthere : just met this idiot who pronounces it " " pecan " " instead of " " pecan . " " "
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
the zionists do n't like the truth .
just like the aljazera documentary on the lobbies of israel .
hamas ' founding charter calls for the annihilation of the jewish state .
abbas has no control over them whatsoever .
negotiating with him is a fool 's errand .
the king cove road and now this .
trump is erasing all the mistakes obama made .
the icing on the cake is seeing lisa murkowski and don young in the photo applauding trump .
alaska liberals have got to being going crazy , which makes it even sweeter !
thank you .
< user > that shit be lit lmao them niggas online be wild tho
satire ?
https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2017/feb/19/adam-silver-kyrie-irving-flat-earth-nba 

 given the sad state of usa high school student geographical knowledge you have to wonder .
http://www.nationalgeographic.com/geosurvey/download/ropersurvey.pdf 

 " young americans show weak performance with regard to the middle east and asia .
despite 
 the countries almost daily presence in the news and the potential impact of current conflicts 
 on everyone s lives , only one in seven can find iraq ( 13 % ) or iran ( 13 % ) on a map of middle 
 east / asia .
on average , fewer than one - fifth of all young adults worldwide could identify iraq 
 on a middle east / asia map .
... 
 moreover , just 17 % could find afghanistan on a world map .
... 
 a majority of young americans grossly overstated the u.s. population .
in fact , close to 
 one - third ( 30 % ) said that the u.s. has 1 to 2 billion people , or roughly one - third of the 
 world s population . "
once again the ceiling is the fucking roof .
it is lit damnit # tarheels # getintoit @unc_basketball
it 's honestly kinda * shocking * that there has n't been any same - sex couples on dwts yet .
i mean , i know that abc is a bit more conservative than other networks ( especially since they 're owned by disney ) , but it still seems weird .
cut his boto off .
one of the main problems in the pre - aca era was that insurance companies could deny a person health insurance if they had a pre - existing condition .
or if you had a policy and you contracted something like cancer , they would dig through your medical records to find some condition on which to deny you coverage for that illness .
trump 's proposal would return us to that era .
should we be surprised that he campaigned on a promise that his plan would cover everybody and be cheaper , but he is doing just the opposite ?
looking very nice and attractive sexy hard cock darling 😆 i would love to slowly slide my wet lips over your head of your beautiful hard cock and slowly slide my mouth down onto your hard juicy cock going deeply into my mouth please .
😆 💖 💋
i am waiting for libtards to say all statues and paintings depicting women are modelled after moslem women
men , what does being a man mean to you personally ?
what was adolf hitler 's biggest mistake ?
not killing the 9,000,001 th jew .
yeah , we jews have always had that same feeling .
honestly , we know what it 's like .
we do .
we really , totally , honestly friggin ' do .
seriously , we do .
you can believe it , folks , it 's true .
we really have that feeling alot .
i mean , if there 's one thing we jews have always know about , it 's hatred .
trust us .
we would n't lie to you about something like that .
yeah .
it 's true .
it 's totally true .
yeah .
@themadsloth i pray justice will rain on this parade .... and god will have his way w the ones who persecute the jewish people ! !
apparently there was a tea stain on the qu ran that blocked some text scientist have discovered what it covered mohammed was a gay prophet as is allah though mohammed went a step farther and was a tranny too
* why not cast a transgender african - amarican as mulan too eh ? *
fuck you kike
these fucking kikes need to be dealt with for civilization to have any future it planet islamic caliphate or planet space nazi fourth reich now pick and remember which side has bacon and blonde girls
appreciate your black culture .
take a moment to reflect on our customs , language , food , style , events etc .
reminder : this is our only way out of inceldom
gays , lesbians , and other sinners all go to the same place in the end in the ground because gods not real
when 's netflix gon na stop fucking around and add every season of spongebob
i do nt want to stay young forever b’coz if i do , i wo n’t be having my best dream which is to grow old with you . #
aldubksgoestous
thanos so op bro like how this nigga win back to back
trump 2020 presidential campaign " i am a racist " - " make america racist again "   the worst racist sexist us president trump .
i do n't understand the " racial component " comment .
whites split their votes more than any other race .
hispanics , blacks , jews , asians all vote more racially , and more racially cohesive , than whites to .
why is n't this ever criticized ?
a :   hypocrisy .
kikes are the real problem pay all refugees and muslims to leave for uk and france
as a somewhat spiritual , yet completely non - religious person , eid mubarak to all my dice - rolling brothers and sisters .
redi will b on air acting overly emotional ! !
i think il skip @radio702 's afternoon show today . #
cabinetreshuffle
as sun set tzu hu who was little more than twenty two said when you can talk about jews in public with the aplomb of a housecat taking a shit then my son you have achieved mastery of politics dig it that eastern wisdom my weak skinned nigger
to see queer people keeping each other down makes me so sad because i 've been around for a long time - i 've seen the people who came before us fight for what we have right now , and they did not fight like that for us to go backwards .
michelle visage
agree , the tmt is a worthwhile project that should be something the hawaiian community embraces rather than having a bunch of dimwits continually making bogus attempts to stop .
lol nice boomerposting hey does kike jism taste better on the shabbat you d know after all lol gimme more
good article - but far too too far north of " toronto "   .- )
dianne abacus abbott waffling on about racism not a word about her own mp talking about token black ghetto boys
then his partner flynn recalls , " you put on weight , mate ! "
> essentially it is hard for highly educated women to find a partner , because they themselves are picky .
that 's their problem .
< user > i hate you but sometimes i love you
i think freedom of religion is great , i think breaking gender roles is great , i think freedom of speech / self expression is great , i think economic migration can be a good thing and i think , simply put , that everyone should have equal rights upon birth .
she compared muslims supporting real - life honour killings occurring every day in the muslim world to random passages in the bible that nobody in the judeo - christian world considers actionable commands .
she gave the same vacuous , stupid false equivalences that all leftist nutcases do in order to minimize the daily atrocities occurring against muslim women by fanatics of their own faith .
in so doing she tries to shut down debate on these questions , in effect silencing critics of those practices .
i suggest you watch the clip once more on youtube .
my first one what does a jew and car tires have in common ?
they both scream when you push the gas
what do vehicle deaths have to do with guns ?
and why do you feel that they 're " ignored " ?
arrogant david hogg trying to use his white privilege to take guns away from ghetto gang bangers who scrimp and save all year just to be able to afford a < number > mm and an uzi
< user > is concerned about kashmir she is not concerned that < user > threatened terrorism bloodshed and nuclear holocaust on < number > billion indian citizens in front of the whole world at unga
a cursory and extremely one - dimensional look at a by - gone era .
communism was international and murderous .
there was no shortage of embedded communist spies working in the united state government .
alger hiss and julius rosenberg come to mind .
rosenberg 's ' colleagues ' at fort monmouth fled to the soviet union upon his arrest .
whittaker chambers , a former communist , gave explosive testimony in 1948 before the the house un - american activities committee ( huac ) about communist penetration of the national government .
rosenbergs were convicted and sentenced to death in 1951 .
all of this proceeded joseph mccarthy 's short and very bizarre meteoric rise to fame and ruinous political implosion .
to add perspective :   the move to censure mccarthy in the senate in 1954 was led by republicans and curiously , senator john f. kennedy , mccarthy 's friend , did not vote for it or speak in favor of it .
i honestly do nt understand ukip sometimes they look like labour but on the other hand like the torys .
i know , is n't her hair crazy today ?
she 's going to do something about it today .
i ca n't believe you went to school like that .
we wasted all this time and money on the duffy scandal ; however , we hear nothing about the emails deleted by the ontario liberals five years later .
swept under the rung by the liberals here .
note the nasty anti white kike wolf blitzer scowling behind watson his israeli mossad agent arse is there obviously to make sure the proceedings go to the destroy the west bit by bit plan dnskta
you would be luckey to see a real irish person on the tv these days ..
nationalism is demonized because of holocaust propaganda and evil natsis you must accept endless numbers of immigrants because otherwise holocaust propaganda and evil natsis the holohoax evil natsis propaganda is brainwashing europe into destruction
johann , i could care less about your gender .
but i am curious why you consistently ' up vote ' yourself ?
just seems a bit tacky to me ...
two men jump of a bridge , one jewish and one black .
which one falls faster ?
black .
because chains fall faster than ash
i hate how often i have to skip out on joining games because of my xbox being in the living room .
mic would pick up too much noise .
good news next should be that pos sansour lock her ass up along with her promoting sharia law to be honest there are some jews that should be deported also just me
you are paranoid , media focuses on his blackness ( race ) articles from national post focus on jewish donors not happy with obama regarding un resolution on israel .
jewish donors very angry in the chicago area .
therefore complain about media giving attention to his racial make up and also take it up with np and chicago donors complaining .
ok for 1 you 're 12 get out of here for 2 fuckin knock on doors before you go in dumbass for 3 yes you 're the asshole she s 19 and in college she s fucked more guys than you 'll ever want to know just get over it
libtards are allowing jews and people of color to ruin america
how many jews died in the holocaust ?
not enough .
america is too negative .. you guys have to look on the bright side of things .
i for one moved up 4 spots on my madden roster !
hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children .
those damned rabbis already ate it in front of me , the sick fucks .
i 'll get back at them by taking skin grafts from their penises and gluing them onto mine .
sometimes 
 all i want is a nice hug and a cuddle from a girl to show that she cares
yet numerous saudi arabian billionaires and multi - millionaires fly under the radar as they are simultaneously the primary force behind the surreptitious export of their extreme fundamentalist wahhabi form of sunni islam around the world .
this is the form of sunni islam that motivates and drives the isis caliphate itself .
from saudi arabia , it comes is in the form of literature , books , school teaching and study aids , video , audio tapes , etc .
used in muslim mosques and children 's schools attached to mosques , which propagate pure anti - jewish , anti - gay and anti - christian hatred .
< user > < user > welcome to modern britain the country where freedom of speech being white heterosexual male female non muslim is now classed as being racist fascist homophobic islamophobic made up word the country is falling
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
will it still be called ... a gas chamber if jews fart inside a room ?
i 'm so into others girls but i 'm really infatuated with myself
loomer is a disgusting predatory kike with sociopathic tendencies the only help she needs is being assisted while entering a gas chamber
advocating democracy is code for laying out plans on how to undermine more nations of the goyim and they also set these organizations to receive subsidies from taxpayers in other words steal while passing as honorable its what jews teach their offspring to do
< user > you ’ re islamphobia is showing and it ai nt it
i 'm hearing comments stating that beyonce is culturally appropriating east african ( particularly kenyan ) culture .
that 's bogus .
she is celebrating the culture .
doug lamborn is really standing up for decency ... r - r - r - right ?
no .
he represents lily - white colorado springs .
and not very well .
lamborn 's words are meaningless because he represents a party that courts white supremacists .
why did the jew cross the street ?
to get some gas .
@bloodwolfz4 sorry could not end my comment .
could it be that you are black and as a result feel racialy unjustified by other ethonic groups .
i say this because not all other groups always get what they strive for .
we all struggle in life without much sucess .
the real story about # syrian gas attacks no one is talking about .
were the victims assad 's political opponents ?
i might steal that idea .
loqueesha loqueesha let down yo weave bitch
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i 'll rape your fucking family if you do n't leave you semite bastard .
i will shoot you if you return , because you 're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick .
shalom .
we came in ?
lmfao the retardedness yo actually stabbing a fucking real kike is not larping you muppet come on < user > ‍ you are not sending your best to bullycide us
you 're getting downvoted , but based on my own experience you are 100 % correct .
i have plenty of non - white american friends who were not treated the same way as me while in asia .
all of us though , regardless of our skin color and regardless of our 100 % legal status in the country , at some point or another , were told to " go home . "
do you think it will ever be possible for humanity in general to overcome such attitudes toward foreigners ?
do you feel that it should or that it 's even a goal worth striving for ?
i assume by cutting welfare you are referring to the pfd in its entirety , correct ?
that would certainly go a long way to fixing the budget , but i 'm not sure you would have much support .
if you think the blmkidnapping is isolated violence by outsiders you are dead wrong send cnn into the ghetto and watch what happens pricks
@jisungta @babyhyuckkie u just defined gender dysphoria yes , but the term dysphoria literally means huge amounts of distress .
feeling dysphoria is nt a positive experience !
and i do nt want to center my identity around it
it occurred to me that joan rivers died two weeks after she made the obama is gay and michelle is a tranny comments i wonder 🤔
the jews biggest weapon is money take there shit and they will go back to hell where they belong 🔥
erry nigga in da world wan put his face in yo ass .
ok we get it
frank .
the discovery of toxo is entirely different from understanding the life cycle of the parasite .
10 animals out of an already critically endangered population of around 1300 animals is a huge number , especially considering that these are only the 10 we know of .
it is likely that others died at sea and never found .
i do n't know why you mention sea lions , there are no sea lions in hawaii .
the only tropical pinniped in the world is the monk seal with two very small populations , one here in hawaii and the other in the med , which is even smaller .
the deaths of spinner dolphins is even more concerning because these animals are never on land .
we were lucky to discover the two that managed to strand on shore when they died .
< user > gatsby wasn ’ t retarded though
good for him - and potentially good for the party , too .
can confirm .
jokingly patted my trans classmate on the head and said '' good girl '' .
lit up like a christmas tree .
unexpected reaction at the time , but a welcome one .
< user > this is the queer discourse equivalent of white lives matter like if you are not being actively discriminated against just do not worry about it y know being straight is literally the easiest thing on earth
hypothesis jews push miscegenation on whites because jews themselves race mix and religion mix in such high numbers that they do not want to feel like bigger oddballs than they already are in gentile nations like the us mixery loves company
let me guess he 's going to the jews were terrorists next fucking scum needs to punched ten times
you do n't want that much in the first place .
the government gets a huge chunk when you make that much .
" asking & # 128102;&#127996 ; a few questions about his day and i get " " ohhhhh delana , delana , delana , you ask too many questions . " " & #
128580;&#128580;&#128580 ; "
sorry guys ,   but all this rhetoric is going nowhere .
this is serious crisis time for south africans .
the guns are being loaded ,   and the menace is looming closer .
unless ,   all opposition parties take serious , action against this bunch of thugs ,   ie   charge them with treason against our state ,   and get international focus on them as well , put them right in the limelight ,   we are buggered .
jews are smarter ?
than who ?
blacks ?
says a lot about how dumb american white boys are ?
hahahaha ! ! ! ! ! ! !
nice and creative way of minimizing trumps lies ... why not hold trump to a higher standard though??? ... #maga
by whom you faggoty nigger loving overlord hey we are shaking in our jackboots u did not do this we did so fuck you
yes ashanti 's old music was just played on radio stations !
but we still want new music from ashanti @love_5hack
sticks and stones may hurt one 's bones bur names will never hurt one .
your posts here are manifestly lacking in christian charity which you appeal for and promote .
trump 2020 presidential campaign " i am a racist " - " make america racist again "   the worst racist sexist us president trump .
lmao insert some attempt a insult that only works w new right kike worshipping cerno dick sucking gorilla vox pedo faggots
i recall as gt thomas likes to call them " liberals " , it was the 60 's , the decade that finally question the establishment .
they did not destroy america , they made it better , they went against the grain and there voices were heard .
so for those today who wish to be heard , let them remind us of what their grandparents did all those years ago .
to say that they are degenerates losers , to say they are illegals , and to say liberals work to destroy the real america , suggest strongly that you think before you speak .
i lived in the 60 's , i did not always agree with the protest .
we just observed veteran 's day , i 'm a veteran from that time period , i served so that we have are freedoms , our rights .
so if you wish to labeled them , go ahead , but remember also back then what those who served were called , and more .
when you point your finger , remember how many are pointing back at you .
i 'll use this term " trumpism"- labels , name calling , open wide insert foot .
how are there still people in 2019 who think that you should harm or even kill homosexual / transexual or just people who are part of lgbt+ ? !
you 're fucking sick , get fucking therapy before writing hateful shit on the internet .
never in my life will you see me date a white butch lesbian i will never do that to myself
evil zionist jews cover for each other .
they are taught from the time they are children , that they can do whatever they like to the " goyhim " women and children .
all that helped and supported him .
they will all be in hell .
george stepanopolis and katic couric both attended parties with epstein .
they say they did n't know , but they drank the champagne and ate the caviar did n't they ?
your idea is good and it would result in an accurate indicator of out of state employees .
but it would take effort .
and effort is something that economists avoid .
they just wait for the same ole nonsense data from the state and write a nonsense report to justify their job .
also pope eugene iv explicitly taught ex cathedra that all jews ( and heretics and schismatics ) will go to the fires of hell .
precisely why i made this post .
their parents forced their religion on them as well .
the tradition then continues with the grandchildren .
most people do n't stop and think why they pursue their religion .
according to their facebook page they 're up and running again , not sure how given the loss of the admin block .
i know 🙂 ion give af .
but you 're not old enough for my liking .
ya bitches jelly & i ai n't even touch you url
trump containing silence on the sa genocide and his grovelling for israhell tells us who this guy really is and who he works for trump is a traitorous pig along with his filthy kike first bitch nin nuke israhell now
why are you getting the pink one ?
what 's the difference hitler and < number > million jews ?
hitler actually made it down in history .
on allah i will annihilate you infidel for sending an expired invitation
whatever it is , it should not be classified as brave .
impregnates multiple women through multiple marriages .
comes out , hero courageous .
there is nothing courageous about living a 60 year lie and then getting some tits stapled on your body and demanding everyone else to laud you and other mentally ill people .
holy fuck this cough is about to drive me insane & # 128580 ;
it was very nice meeting all of you for lunch .
china needs to slaughter the entire rh- lie bloodline and all that serves that bloodline .
that bloodline is mixed with the jew rh - blood and controls that country
yea exactly .
they want complete control over belief , information , and the whole god damn paradigm .
fuck them .
they can all burn in hell .
stop spending money to encourage more tourism .
we first need to regroup and   work on our infrastructure .
we locals   can no longer easily hike diamond head , snorkel hanauma bay , drive to north shore .
sewers , water .
roadways   are not in great shape , not to mention desperate homeless situation !
i am converting to reform judaism .
when i found out that so many white catholics voted for evil , i just ca n't identify as catholic or even christian anymore .
this decision has   been building up for some time .
in fact , most people i know , said , " what took you so long ? "
god is not going to help us in this situation ; we   will have to repair the world ourselves , tikkun olam .
like the israelites in deuteronomy 17:14 - 20 , we , yes , we chose an evil leader who will sell us to another country and rob us .
those who voted for him , i fear , will end up suffering for their blindness .
now it 's up to us to try and undo the damage .
humanity should be ruled by justice and mercy , not the will and whim of   other humans who , as amos proclaimed , would sell the poor for a pair of sandals .
i bet that a jew torturing machine
tell your kids about today how king ermias united the ghettos of america even if it ’ just for a day 🏁
have you seen the life of the jew fish ?
they were separated at birth but reunited in the oven .
" the real story behind the official 4.6 % unemployment rate is that another 446,000 americas left the labor force in nov. , with the number of americans no longer working rising to a record 95.1 million .
average annual earnings unexpectedly fell for the first time in 2016 .
if the labor market was really this strong hillary clinton would be president - elect ! "
-- peter schiff
tricked you .
neo - liberalism and its trickle down credo is still very much alive and flourishing in washington .
please note : the tax reductions were touted to assist a struggling middle class ( sounds very noble , no ? )
but riding on top of this is a five times larger corporate tax reduction that will increase the national deficit by some astronomically unimaginable amount thereby platinum - plating it neo - liberal mega - robbery credentials .
who needs the guptas when you can simply legislate   such highway robbery of the nation 's wealth ?
the we the people , would be the people who vote .
otherwise that would have read ; we the people of the world .
now , this is n't about the issues you bring up .
this is about counting illegal aliens when voting districts are made .
this is no different than gerrymander .
one more time , i have no problem with this ruling until it included counting people who are in the country illegally .
that 's as outrageous as counting all the foreigners in town on vacation too .
the government came into power in 2015 , and you are stating that they have n't spent any money yet , but we have a 25b plus deficit .
i guess you don;t recall the previous budget , you know the first one where they announced the spending .
since they have already " spent " the money there was no room to move in this budget .
this has all been discussed by the media , yesterday and more detail appeared in the major papers today including this one .
try reading something you might grow to like it .
what 's the difference between a black jew and a white jew ?
the black jews sit in the back of the gas chambers .
no .
so you 're sexist and have no taste .
@_chrisnichols call me sexist but i have no desire to see a stand alone wonder woman movie .
not sure if that 's a smile or sneer , but no , nothing justifies murder in my world .
it 's not a belief that 's going to win any elections .
:-)
# sports 
 fact : the tim horton curling championship that s been going on is far more interesting then the nfl .
the only rationale i can see for trump not firing prosecuting rosenstein is that now that little kike is in his pocket bad idea
when jamaican people go funeral url
trump and his supporters normalizing hate everywhere .
the people right behind this nigga they are all bloody sonmother bitcheeez
omg the jews added me to their hate list what shall i ever do i will count it as an honor
what 's hitler 's favorite breakfast ?
reich krispies and ( concentrated ) orange jews 

 /u / zaknelson4 for the concentrated part 

 also , /u / goldenpiggiez suggested luftwaffles .
do not be mixing their homosexual tendencies with the animes they were fags before they watched some nip cartoons
the world wants you dead or gays want you dead ?
girls i knew from elementary school be rejecting my friends requests 
 edit : they must remember my 5/10 face vividly
the pathetic part is that despite all the evidence proving the holohoax is bullshit there still faggots like you who still buy it and then cry like a bitch about people who accept the truth
here is david grisham 's fb page in case you want to friend him or get some insight into whatever it is that he claims to be .
my favorite part was this : " preaching the gospel today at alaska gay pride in anchorage .
very contentious .
the homosexuals broke our cross and assaulted both tracy and i. " 
 the homosexuals .
were all the homosexuals wearing name tags identifying themselves as such ?
does he even realize that many , many straight people show up to these community events too ?
https://www.facebook.com/david.grisham.58?fref=ts&ref=br_tf&qsefr=1
in the end , it is between you and god , and if you are an atheist or whatever you call it , just wait for your karma for doing nothing to stop the crimes against humanity in # idlib !
⚠ ️ @russiaun @jzarif @federicamog # un # eu # iran # russia # syria # assad # putin # mogherini # khamenei url
bf : you are my drug .
gf : aww , you ca n’t live without me ?
bf : no , you cost too much and ruin my life .
lol of coursh coz it normal to believe in perverted kike holoporn right fuck off faggot
we can agree that violence was committed by both sides .
and trump denounced it .
but consider the motivations of the two groups .
one wants a white america and for many decades has promoted hate and committed acts of violence against catholics , jews , immigrants , blacks , and all else who do not look or think like they do .
the other side was composed of americans who are deeply disgusted by white supremacy , and , yes , they fought fire with fire .
please tell us which side you are on .
i recently moved to mechanicsville , i have n't had a chance to ride much , but i know route 5 is nice , my fiancee works in warsaw though .
we should have another holocaust
we 've been hibernating in the studio for too long .
so we 're playing a couple of gigs this spring to try some material out on your crazy ass
i am always amused when folks here in hawaii comment on and criticize our “ one party ” political system .
comparing other states ' i 've experienced , here i see as varying and wide disparity of opinions and voting records as anywhere with a more equal two - party political system .
case in point is this topic ; the legislature acted an awful lot more like republicans than democrats .
hmm , wonder if we can get them to jump in the river if we put an ad on tv that there is billions in gold at the bottom of the river ?
i 'm just about the only person in the country who stood up for harper during the last election campaign .
people got apoplectic when i said i thought he was doing a pretty good job .
wonder how he 'd do if there was an election today ? ?
< user > the non whites will follow wherever we go until we go somewhere that we do not let wormtongue jews in with us and hold out ground
justice served !
no one is asking why camelio was moved to newton middle school in the first place ... lps caught him with a subordinate when he was an elementary principal in the district ... lps deserves the coming law suits !
this a - hole should have been fired in the late 80s !
let 's face it - the only cure for the problem of mass shootings and the resulting misery is " thoughts and prayers . "
anything beyond praying for the victims is simply too much work .
i suspect it because if we tried to shut down left wing speakers with violence the laws against assault and intimidation would actually be enforced against us
dark humor is like food some of you may not understand
tax the poor to help the rich .
the tax is needed because lawmakers spent us into poverty , giving away millions to the oil companies .
i oppose this tax .
man the niggas in pa are way cooler than the niggas in jersey
watch as all the judeophobes come out of the closet now that a jew has been implicated .
the same ones who go silent when muslims attack and kill londoners , parisians , belgians , americans , syrians , nigerians , etc ...... oh , they already have .
the aut kike was always just a jewish controlled opposition scheme far right ultra nationalist dissident right white nationalist all better choices for a label national socialists definitely are not alt right there s a line between those who kvetch about purity spiraling support zionism faggotry civic nationalism and those who do nt
i wasn t born yesterday kike when i infiltrated the nuis on kikebook in < number > they had dozens of its not the jews its the zionists fake palestinian groups to fool the goyim get gassed kike
am i a bad person 
 if you answered yes , why ?
@alyssa_milano @rachelmckibbens i got your nazi right here 👇 12/30/08 ft lauderdale , fl .
pro - palestine muslim protester calls for jews to " go back to the oven "   --"you need a big oven , that 's what you need , "   url   # sendherback # concentrationcamps   # istandwithtrump   # trumprally   disavowed
i need a bitch
< user > it sounds just like justice mixed with white tears
if my son or daughter ever turned out to be a pedophile an antifa or a gun grabber i would disown them instantly i do not ever want a wannabe kike or nigger for a son or daughter ever
it 's yoir goddamn fucking rich jewish faggots that 'll be long perished and in heaven while i 'm still burning you lying piece of fucking worthless crap
properly constructed hydro turbines does not kill anything .
you are locked into old visions of flow stopping dams .
apparently you are in favor of agw since you diss constructive approaches to mitigation .
in the end , it is between you and god , and if you are an atheist or whatever you call it , just wait for your karma for doing nothing to stop the crimes against humanity in # idlib !
⚠ ️ @russiaun @jzarif @federicamog # un # eu # iran # russia # syria # assad # putin # mogherini # khamenei url
pete antonson , you are speculating again .
i have voted " yes " on all comments to this article -- including james green 's -- because i believe that all perspectives should be presented .
you son of a bitch i am gon na log onto your twitter and tell everyone what you said
" i 'm not a nazi , i 'm just super triggered and super defensive when people insult the shittiest , scummiest , dumbest , shitty racist mother fuckers in existence . "
u / georgebarnard19
suck your mother you scum zionist   suck your mother you scum zionist   suck your mother you scum zionist   suck your mother you scum zionist    suck your mother you scum zionist   suck your mother you scum zionist url
holocaust concentration camps ?
are they gassing people ?
do you have any sources for the mass killing of children ?
are you on drugs ?
# soshengameh you must take responsibility @hassanrouhani @jzarif @drsaeedjalili @jzarif @draboutalebi @mowlaverdi @ebtekarm # iran # irgc
a number of us who had insight into the problem knew the port was going to wind up here in the end , for all the reasons described plus more .
the port gave it a try , so that 's worth something .
reality can be difficult to accept , but given the state of the airline business in the us at this time , small cities really do n't get a chance unless they lack alternative , lower cost travel options .
we do n't .
for instance , ketchikan , ak , which is smaller than pa , but not reachable by road , has great airline service .
they have no trouble filling 737 - class aircraft .
but boat and plane are the only ways in or out of there .
pa rarely filled the 7 - passenger cessna caravans that kenmore flew .
i just do n't understand how grown ass woman will let their room be dirty ..
the aca created jobs to care for the millions of people who now have access to medical care are now insured also with the expansion of medicaide in the state .
this was just as predicted more insured to care for and more jobs created to expand care to those who before had no way to access the health care system .
i fucking hate myself what 's wrong wit me why do i say this 13 times a day
i don ’ t wanna go to your homophobic fucking prom anyway
that was where my﻿ pet salamander went when i was young
that 's what racist americans think about all of us black south africans including media darling cyrll ramaphosa .
url
< user > < user > could not own property could not draw wills could be legally raped by their husbands and i will not even get into rights of black women or lack there of rather
mahalo mr. silva .
will acquisition of the proposed site displace existing families ?
emack 

 i am curious , where are you flying from for the prices you are quoting ?
i have always paid a little more than what you are estimating for a 4 - 5 star resort but from western canada .
i am sure from toronto or montreal it is less .
agreed though , sandals is very top end and you pay a premium for this .
we were in the mayan riviera before christmas for 8 days and it was about $ 3500 for two with some upgrades on the flights .
the best thing about roseanne < number > kosher cuckservative fake right destroyed < number > everyone js reminded that everyone is quietly aware that blacks are apes < number > white normies once again have something they love ruined and taken from them by nigger bullshit nfl starbucks hero movies videogames sitcoms anti black rage builds
sounds reasonable .... anti muslim bigotry , anti christian bigotry , anti buddhist bigotry , anti jewish bigotry .... anti - belief system bigotry .
can someone just distract me to not think about all those fucking things i have to handle
zoolander will never get a nobel peace prize .
obama poisoned those waters .
i completely understand your view point , it 's 100 % okay to celebrate bi women loving women and people have preferences for women which is also perfectly okay ...   but it 's just all this focus on women and how beautiful and perfect they are and other stuff honestly leaves many guys not feeling good enough and even icky in comparison .
i know you bi women have to face a lot of shit , i 'm not having a go at any of you it 's just as a bi dude i sorta want my little view point on the situation understanding ... no hard feelings ?
< user > the lions share of african caribbean immigrants in the us have the same racist mentality as racist white americans and white europeans as a result such persons should never be allowed to portray themselves as native born black americans profiting off black american cultural
@realdonaldtrump a lot of bad things happening in the us .
a president putting people in cages , saying we should " send back " people of different color , much ...
your president built himself a compound worth r240 mil with the people 's money , while his subjects live in corrugated iron shacks .
why do n't you focus on that inequality for your conference , old judas goat ?
rt @prozdkp : when you 're mad at video games but controllers are expensive as hell https://t.co/3ubm6t6xth
public challenge to u / zyros _ : state how many girls you have had sex with and how many you have kissed 
 we have a failed normie in our midst .
we 'll give you this one , trust me andre is not going to college .
only humans regularly war and fight with each other in any setting , in any place , like clockwork in an effort to eradicate   members of our fellow species using tools .
we also have the distinction of being the only species documented to have completely destroyed another species driving them to extinction .
we were given the keys to paradise but we seem to lose them fairly frequently .
i guess , to simply answer your question if i 'm understanding it right , yes .
christians have faith and trust in god which we consider to be a superior authority .
< user > this shit is ghetto 🥺 we don ’ t deserve this
this dude walked in the lab high as hell and just started writing his essay with a smile&#128514 ; get it gurrll
just heard on the radio , that the local council have decided to give in and they have all been housed in emergency accomodation with the promise of a house on the a new social housing development in that area .
when are all these migrants going to be charged for putting the lives of their .
hildren at risk ?
it is not our fault these idiots drag them cross country to game our social programs !
stay home !
fight for your own country as we did !
we ca n't afford to support the world !
we 'll all end up on the govt dole and in poverty !
trump is a white supremacist and a neo - nazi sympathizer .
yet that has n't stopped netanyahu from getting into bed with him .
israel has come full circle .
from its citizens trying to escape nazi tyranny to finally israelis embracing fascism .
the six million jews murdered by the nazis must be spinning in their graves right now .
there is no more anti - semitism .
there is only ant - fascism .
israelis are now fascist sympathizers .
me , opens mouth : zanza , 25 miles away : can you fucking think just once before you fucking speak-
all high level bolsheviks were < percent > kosher the only russians involved were low level muscle golden rule if a kike says it it will almost always be a lie
historians discover : hitler was obsessed with jewish girls .
every day he had a new flame .
brown skin girl 👸 🏾 url
your tread had been moved who knows where , mine is closed so we must trespass on the hospitality of the slavic .
i was dating this one girl called larain and was cheating on her with a girl called clair - lee , but then lerain died .
now , i can see clair - lee now larain is gone .
" is their faith sacrosanct " ?
lol .
yes !
that 's what a religion is .
and i did have a problem with criticizing catholicism when it was rabid , which was not that long ago .
i suppose you do n't remember that prostestants used to believe that nuns were prostitutes for priests and other such nonsense .
and jews ?
read mein kampf if you want to know what criticizing jews used to be like .
so you 're gay .
you must recall then that there was a time when european gay males would go to muslim countries to enjoy their trysts free from the laws that would have put them in prison in britain or other countries .
funny that .
how soon we forget !
and i 'm sure you find a common bond with trump supporters , eh ?
do n't make me laugh .
if the bi coastal elites at microsoft really believe in diversity then let them have their lgbt celebrations in june during gay pride month and leave december to christians bill donohue catholic league
what 's worse than the holocaust ?
no holocaust
and it 's not just an ashkenazi thing url
friends do not let friends marry jews
one must muse how the left   snow flakes are crying at every turn , truly they need to stop throwing their hissy fits and   deal with it .
yes even hollywood , big media , california , new york ,   dnc , obuma could n't drag this tired old hag across the finish   line ! !
loving every minute of it .
psssst justin , trump is n't a globalist , now what little potato ? ? ? ?
may i suggest vacation number 11 .
the middle class , carbon tax , what a joke ! ! ! ! ! !
isreal support the trump i hope they fail i hope the persians drive them * all * into the sea drown you worthless devils , you refuse to stand , you refuse to fight ... * cowards * drown ...
this is a problem that affects everyone , but we have seen far more harassment targeting women .
here in lies the problem .
i 'm a bigot , against kids being exploited like this .
we used to call this child abuse 🤔 they call it pride .
see the difference 👇   url
jews destroys everything they touch .
literally everything .
😂 🤣
yeah you better show alittle more than what islam promotes and does do nt see hordes of jews burning christians and preforming honor killings
daily reminder that your life has the only function to make others look and feel better 
 this is why you are still alive .
< user > you mean illegal immigrants
reminds me of a college fundraiser to help a kike family rebuild their burnt house the father was a magistrado which is like a high court judge so they were richer than most of the other students families
< user > this makes it sound like the tech folks are not quite the assholes i thought they were glad to see they are supporting free speech rights of a coworker the cancel culture of pomo queer theory is wtf out of control
bring it motherfucker jewbag bring ya shaloms from boston west end jewish synagogue and come to the chinatown gate where i 'll fucking break - snap your neck in five fucking moves .
🤥 😤 🤢 😤 😤 i 'll make newton and brookline including sharon awestruck the morning of while they sip on their fuck u khed dunkin coolata on the zone 8 mbta - crrc commuter rail line bitch ass cuckerberg limousine liberal nig - loving zionist scrub .
🤬 * *
rinne awesome .
the ' best goalie on the planet ' cary price should learn from rinne how to play in the playoffs and steal a game .
then he can win a series for a change and become ' the best goalie in the galaxy ' .
until then he 'll just have to settle with just being ' the best goalie on the planet ' .
so everyone in that city and team keeps on parroting.l
really ?
should we kick out the jews , the irish , the italians , the sikhs , and anyone else you do n't like ?
" just saw a trailer for # ghostinashell and they said " " you 've never seen anything like it " " .. bitch you dont know what da fuck ive seen ! ! "
an angry man with a gun can come to no good .
if you carry through with your threat , i am not the person who will call the police .
that drunk did n't physically attack you , did he .
you should have just walked on by .
unless trouble is your middle name .
now , this is n't advice , this is a request : do n't shoot me or anyone i care about .
i wish the holocaust actually killed < number > million jews that would have been awesome
but there are strict laws surrounding these drugs , how can people still readily get such easy access to drugs ?
i thought making drugs harder to get , resulted in less drug use ? ?
for example , teenagers can easily get their hands on marijuana , yet it 's totally banned and prohibited .
the right wing loves its war on drugs , the left wing loves its war on guns .
both have and will continue to be proven as ineffective in achieving what they purport to set out to achieve .
no , i can tell you are n't .
you have lighter skin so it 's impossible .
your " if either the buyer or the seller does not want to enter into that contract for whatever reason then i believe they have the right to refuse . "
means that you support those who say " no dogs of jews " or " whites only " and similar expressions of bigotry .
you demonstrate out of your own mouth your wholehearted support of racism , sexism , antisemitism and all other forms of bigotry .
as i said previously , your claim of being a christian is a complete and utter sham .
the muni dosent fire anyone .
they transfer or write them up .
muni management is weak , when an employee has a grievance and it goes to arbitration after the arbiter files his decision the muni splits the cost with which ever union has brought the grievance .
it 's muni .
policy ..
king abdullah of jordan has agreed to open the first refugee tent city to accept the refugees currently stuck in greece and italy because hungary and poland wo nt take them for eight years obama said jordan would never accept refugees trump maga freedomcaucus
canadians have changed the channel and are more interested in what trump is up to and how he is acting in the usa 's best interest and are envious ...
well we could always kick the ball out of bounds , and turn the defense loose on them .
a man tries anal with his wife he tells his friends and they say " sit down tell us about it " to which he replies " i ca n't "
he 's trying to gaslight us .
it 's his technique of choice .
too bad for him that we actually know how to research .
trudeau needlessly rewarded one canadian citizen with $ 10.5 million .
so what 's $ 2.5 million .
y se acab&#243 ; ! !
mexico wins 3 - 0 !
that 's my team bitches & # 10084;&#65039;&#128154 ; # vivamexico
suck your mother you scum zionist   suck your mother you scum zionist   suck your mother you scum zionist   suck your mother you scum zionist    suck your mother you scum zionist   suck your mother you scum zionist url
fuckin amazing , always posting the best shit !
interracial lesbian is always amazing
yeah there 's also the whole slavery and genocide of native americans that we did .
america is an evil shithole but it 's always been that way , there are no high points in our history .
the boondocks is making fun of the niggas that make tweets like this and yet here they are still making tweets like this .
y'all know the boondocks is a satire about y'all and not gay people , right ?
you 're the ass of the joke 😂 url
the jews and their minions are shutting down the government so they can enable an invasion of mud people .
original , breathtaking , inspiring @ipwnedyurmom @leeluuhbabyy _ course i do now get back to the kitchen # notsexist
+ jewboy spot the incel
pareto principle : only ten players in the nba have recorded multiple triple - doubles this season and account for 89 % of triple - doubles .
heard we had a porn bot problem today while i was gone who was the porn bot anybody know
scarier how people like you hate .
each group that has been hated has become part of canada , from irish catholics , to jews to sikhs , etc
chingle changle goes the jew because of the pennies in his pocket that he stole from you
the state of pacifica is to our west !
it 's yuge !
the original story on this matter was more clear and less shrill .
the insane man was ranting and raving but not attacking .
he ranted on multiple topics finally including the muslim clothing and muslim behavior .
men on the train decided to try and silence the man .
it did not turn out well .
the loss of the men is very very sad , but the media is making something out of this that it is not .
the man was very clearly deeply disturbed mentally .
apparently , he was offensively shooting his mouth off about many things .
perhaps he should have been institutionalized .
but it turned out to be unwise to attempt to silence the insane man who was not attacking .
it is interesting how the media wishes to turn this into one of their stereotypical anti - trump scenarios .
hey , foo , bannon eats jewish ?
great !
but no neo nazi or fascists friends , please .
they kinda , you know , take over .
@pierceparisxxx i would love to suck your big dick one day deep throat suck it to the base .
mad skills when come to sucking
look like jew york has been enriched by a bit of vibrant moslem diversity tonight enjoy
well of course not , hell , my glock 40 9mils can hit a penny at a mile if i hold ' em sideways !
oh pleeeze , spare us the cliché leftie knee - jerk anti - us revisionist line about the big bad americans dropping two nukes ( which btw , canada had a major part in their design & development ) on the poor innocent japanese , just because they could .
there was a conflict going on at the time , you may have heard about it , it was called ww2 and the japanese started it by a sneak attack on pearl harbor .
the 2nd general army and chugoku regional army were headquartered in hiroshima , and the army marine hq was located at ujina port(30 % of the total casualties were military ) .
as for “ japanese innocence ” more chinese were killed by japan than jews by the nazis .
google “ the 3 alls , “ the rape of nanking ” , “ unit 731 , comfort women ” , and the japanese treatment of allied pows and see how innocent imperial japan was . :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/japanese_war_crimes .
the nukes were a case of what goes around comes around and japan earned every neutron they received on those fateful days in august .
< user > < user > < user > sati and child marriage was forced by muslim invasions and have been successfully reformed hindu religion does not force their women to be illiterate there are social evils but are not sanctioned by hindu religion change if needed is always welcomed
i 'm good , happy to be an american citizen .
love how you tell people to go back to their countries though , i thought you guys loved diversity .
ice is deporting refugees to places that most have never set foot in i support cambodian communities rallying together across the nation to stop the raids and prevent ice from deporting refugee
the jews and muslims being assimilated by the catholic order anyways lets get back on topic
did you know that the jews invented flight ?
they call it ... 
 the chimney
i think any guy whether they are average or below average looking can get a girl to fall in love with them or even just hookup with them .
i see it all the time .
beautiful women dating men who are unattractive .
i use to think these women were maybe after money .
i think with some people looks just does n't matter to them .
take for instance jay - z and beyonce .
everyone thinks she too pretty to be with him .
he actually dated a lot of beautiful women even though people find him unattractive .
it bounced right in front of the goal and when it came up it hit the top bar and bounced in , i was excited as hell and everyone was like wtf
cemeteries i would not want to live beside : 
 christian , 
 catholic , 
 jewish , 
 mormon , 
 hindu - no wait they cremate , 
 atheist , 
 agnostic , 
 quaker , 
 automotive , 
 pet cemetery , 
 space alien , 
 greek , 
 turkish , 
 rastafarian , 
 arlington national , ...
remember this guy ?
he allegedly vandalizing brooklyn 's union temple with anti - semitic messages that included " die jew rats we are here , " " jews better be ready , " and " hitler . "
his name was james polite and he worked on obama 's first presidential campaign url
my uncle lucas recently got an awesome six - month old mercedes s - class s65 amg only from working online 
  + _ + _ + _ + _ + _ +     http://www.factoryofincome.com
ignoring the historical role women played is to disgrace them men were not and are not in a vacuum they confided in received council from and embraced the women in their lives in that regard not much has changed
it 's been an honor obama ( female )
skinny white bitch who bullied me for being fat in middle school omg i am so thicc 🤪 😫 💦
all bc some twink has thin skin .
smh
what do you call plan b when a jew takes it ?
zyklon b
i have found a website for the teacher 's tv channel .
gas the jews ?
theresa may has recorded a video wishing jews a happy passover she did the same for moslems at ramadam it seems someone forgot to tell the old bag to do the same for easter or she thinks so little of christians she could not be bothered
y'all men need to watch these " cream pies " bitches be having yeast infections & amp ; on a 7 day monistat treatment .
know the difference
as the only white man on earth who can actually think you can imagine how painful everyday life in this miserablist of all jewtopias is for me sharemypain
its april fools day so someone tell me this is all a fucking joke .
rt @matthaig1 : i was pessimistic about brexit but not so pessimistic that i imagined we 'd be talking war with - jesus bloody hell - spain t …
@mailonline cut his dic off n shove it up his ass hole n sew it up
to all the bitch ass hoes that hate me the most , oh yeah i hate you too
what is a jewish guy on a pile of ash ?
a family picture .
it 's sad how people are body shaming this lady .
it 's not as simple as accutane or drinking water .
she probably has a medical problem .
this is why women have depression .
social media fucked yall up .
and y all call yourselfs feminists .
disgusting .
url
i mean i guess they could do that i am just thinking that these guess are kike funded
cancelling english classes , confiscating medications , failing to evacuate the sickest migrants — this is the trump legacy at our border .
url
yeah ... so would the 100 or so hooking , tripping , clutching , holding .
etc etc   plays that have been perpetrated on mcdavid but have not been called on san jose
this song drains my soul(for chincels ) 
 ” 童话”，那首歌。听了非常难过。但有知道自己永远不可能有这种女友，很痛苦 。
tong hua that chinese song , makes me sad and nostalgic everytime i hear it , but knowing inceldom will make me never have a gf , really stings , it hurts .
good , close the border if the 25 % does n't work .
fuck mexico .
while the blue checkmark brigade has a meltdown about calling illegal immigrants animals and says this actually describes every non white immigrant once again the left is better at racism than the far right let look at israel
what s the difference between my uncle and a jew ?
my uncle likes it when he drops money .
# junkstatus is bad .
the worse threat to all lives is the enduring political uncertainty in anc .
like a sinking titanic , lots will go with it
" bill vanished until people forgot about the numerous scandals . "
no , i think they just lost interest because there was nothing there .
what election were you watching , doug ?
i saw pro - brexit parties ( conservatives + labour + ukip ) increase their share from 79.9 % to 84.2 % , despite the demise of ukip .
and i saw anti - brexit parties - snp and lib dems - both lose share .
both labour and the cons increased their vote share .
but different vote splitting dynamics resulted in the cons getting slightly fewer seats .
i do nt think this was a brexit vote .
the tory vote collapsed because may ran a terrible campaign .
she refused to show up at leaders debates - who does that ?
her dementia tax idea was political suicide - who taxes people differently based on how they die ?
she simply did not connect with voters .
but how you characterize this as an anti - brexit vote is beyond me .
and as for that last bit about populism tearing up the conservatives in canada in the leadership race .
seriously ?
kellie leitch was the only real populist , and she finished well back in the pack .
and o'leary did not even finish .
sneaky hoes http://t.co/ypqpmdpfgg
be straight up with a girl about what you want do n't lead her on to make her feel some type of way then switch up & # 128580 ;
bitchs stay running they mouth lmao y' all look so stupid
being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure , her being a paedophile protecting globalist zionist cunt is her own making , as a human , and i use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart !
i 've heard a hitler joke which i did nt laugh and when look around every jewish was dead .
" ... for the sake of all that is good and righteous .
kill them all . "
wow .
there is a certain irony to that statement , given that hitler thought pretty much the same about jews and other so - called " untermensch " .
i think the congressman missed the real point about events like the holocaust : one must stop such destructive thinking in its tracks before it can do massive damage .
perhaps if the world , or at least if germans , had responded forcefully to hitler rather than believing in his message , those ovens would not exist .
we need to look in the mirror in the usa and ask if we are capable of going down such a road ourselves .
categorizing all radicalized islamists as worthy of death sounds an awful lot like deja vu all over again .
radicalization can be reversed .
indeed , we have less of a problem with radical islam in the us than in europe in part because we have not ostracized muslims .
i believe trump is not playing that game this time around and he has some people mad at him .
strangely enough the idea that he consumes extraordinary amounts of artificial sweetener was the first thing the kike media has said about trump that gave me pause
these are two pictures of me , l am a proud croatian redneck , l drink rakija , eat lamb and get in fights as often as l can and l go to the gym once a week , yihaa ! ! ! ! ! !
as you wish i am not a natsoc i believe in every race right to self determination and a homeland you appear to believe jews do as well and ignore thousands of years of behavior and their talmud in the process
at least israel arrests those who engage in bomb threats regardless of their religion or nationality .
muslims or arabs are never arrested by their co - religionists or countries of origin when they engage in bomb threats or terror attacks .
that 's the difference between cultures , religions , and countries .
the jewish one is civilized .
the muslim and arab ones not so much , in fact not all .
< user > < user > wrong that sanders is a commie nazi wanna be wtf
😂 rt < user > back to this ghetto ass single shit
i checked that one already as someone else said it one of the two according to wikipedia founders were jewish but yeah be peaceful it was an intentionally provocative question primarily to the wns who call me a kike and does not actually matter i do love puppies < number >
i 'm absolutely proud to be black .
we 've been oppressed for hundreds of years for being black , and still we rise .
so yes , that 's something to be proud of .
being proud to be black is being proud to be human , despite the attempts to take that away from us .
unfortunately , i do n't expect anyone who is n't black to understand it .
as has always been the way .
have fun with those stds you cheating slut
what cleared my skin 
 doxycycline , lots of zinc and carrot juice
< user > < number > would lead to < number > imagine if all the arabs and palestinians suddenly became white they are allready redpilled and angry they just need a dose of agency and they will solve the problem in a heartbeat
dream on , michael .
but a church , " his church , " without a site , oversight , finances attached to it , is meaningless , especially for organizing the non - obvious -- inter - generational worship , passing on the gospel , sacraments , etc .
people -- with a holy spirit apiece , each with his or her own spirit -- who leave are often hemmed in , imprisoned within the circle of ideas , gospel ideals , which they conceived or which were current when they began their exit , but can go nowhere with them -- practically speaking -- short of joining another church , another institution ,   social unit .
they have to incarnate , pass on these ideals somewhere .
ultimately , your " his church , " -- seemingly " intentional " -- is only another scheme of institutional improvisation ( over time ) under a different disguise .
i 'll stick with reforming what i 've got and worship at notre dame ( paris ) , cologne cathedral , st. patrick 's , and my local community -- if only to remind myself that the cc must always be in reformation mode .
no the hardest part about being a lesbian is dealing with men lol
too many fags on this sub wtf
i know idont say it much , but going to milton hershey school , will hands down be the most important part of my life .
just stay out of the left lane unless you are passing .
period .
trump is a " d " student what do people expect ?
look .... every person that i thought was an " immigrant " was bar - b - q ing yesterday knowing that ice and trump was getting drunk , and nothing would happen .
the big mexican joke is trump does the back stroke better then any mexican that crossed the rio grand .
the congresswoman of color is what americans need to run the country !
they think of ( us before $ ) and that s a great thing !
loose hate !
an article i wrote about sources of home schooling materials .
suck my fuckin ' dick
why is there so much pollution currently ?
because there is so much jew dust in the air
white liberals violently assaulting a gay asian because they claim he supports white supremacists .
smh .
" thank you for showing her what a real man does " great story , with a happy ending , but not sure that i like the " real man " angle .
today in france , the jews no longer have to fear the nazis .
they are being attacked by the adherents of another ideology that is just as odious and violent - one based on the teachings of a seventh century pedophile .
come on satin pluck these idiot 's from america trump2020
< user > lmao actually i take that back it depends on how much i like the person 🥴 but even then sucking dick is ghetto
spot on , bennet .
the left could not care less about anti semitism perpetrated by muslims and their leftist supporters both in north america and europe .
suddenly , after trumps win , they all pretend that they care about jews and antisemitism .
a poisonous snake is still a poisonous snake .
trump was a lifelong democrat so that would meet one qualification for a racist .
democrats are the party of slavery and jim crow laws which gave us legalized second - class citizens .
the kkk was formed by former white supremacist military officers defeated by lincoln 's army .
they were all democrats who hated the republican president .
their nice statues are being pulled down by other democrats .
american nazis hate just about everyone ; jews , blacks , catholics , mexicans ... and more .
i wo n't put those morons on the democrats even though democrats put them on republicans everyday .
alright i 'll let you off , just let me see your gay license and i 'll be on my wat
i am depressed what it really means boo hoo i am a little faggot who lets others control my life so i will go wallow in grief and not make any attempts to fix my life
mormons came one gay nigger away from having the presidency prairie jews must be stopped
" believe it or not , not everyone looks at other human beings , wondering about their sex lives . "
i do n't and i am a member of everybody ... i think that is a personality trait primarily restricted to busy bodies , restorationists and their spiritual advisors .
" " " dark souls 1 - silence .
dark souls 2 - silence , press start , music plays .
dark souls 3 - music plays before you press start . " " "
he 's a black registered democrat
sehun when the fans were singing the happy birthday song for him :') & lt;he looked incredibly cute&gt ;
people of color ca nt be expected to have i d , you are a racist bigot who is spreading nazi ideology time to stop listening to maga talking points , you sick disgusting bigot
my grandma is jewish .
< repeat > .
< repeat > must be why she 's so comfortable around the oven .
towson parking is ghetto asf
exactly who are these " gun controllers " you speak of ?
do they walk among us like living people ?
or do you just see them in your dreams / hallucinations ?
you sure do love your ad hominems .
nothing in your head about the actual issue ?
all footage of " hostage " narrative came from cnn ... we already know they parrot misinformation like good goys .
triggered trashida is anti - god .
let it sink in .
seriously .
url
why did auschwitz need showers ?
because of the dirty jews
the malay deserve education the most
< user > would nt it be better if the holocaust was properly investigated oh that s right its illegal
why did the jews start running away from german soldiers during world war ii ?
because they did nazi that coming !
president < user > departs abuja wednesday on a three day state visit to the republic of south africa following an invitation by president < user > to discuss welfare of nigerians and find common grounds for building harmonious relations with their hosts
jones is a kike shill he as well as rush limbaugh never call out those they always refer to as they liberals the left instead of as jews
what protests ?
whole country is celebrating right now .
finally , people of jammu and kashmir will have equal rights as the rest of the people in the country .
i love relationships and i love love 🥰 can ’ t believe i ’ m single this v day how ghetto
the people right behind this nigga they are all bloody sonmother bitcheeez
we just need some privacy that 's her calling got ta be tell your girl do not disturb you gone get what you deserve & # 129316 ;
pete burns is dead and people are n't being very nice about it .
< repeat > i bet he 's spinning is his grave .
< repeat > spinning right round baby right round .
mr. saunders writes another piece papering over the huge increase in jew hatred on the left and in the ever expanding muslim population .
first , a couple of months ago he poo - pooed the clear evidence of the steep rise in sexual assaults largely resulting from europe 's catastrophic demographic changes , now this piece .
how can one mention the rise in antisemitism in europe without noting it 's main roots in demographic changes and the deep tilting of the left to jew hatred in the guise of total opposition to israel ?
where is his analysis of the crisis of antisemitism in corbyn 's labour party ?
he substitutes social science mumbo jumbo for facts and evidence .
looking for a source about rates of fenale child abusers 
 i m on my phone atm , i would normally look myself , and i 'm hoping someone will be able to turn up a source about the rates of female child abusers
i ran into an old friend at the grocery store today , we kindly greeted eachother , the first comment after the exchange he said 
 " these damn jews , what are going to do .... " 
 we both talked for over an hour 
 it 's nice to know many have the   same thoughts on these serious issues .... the world needs fixing
we in israel feel sorry for you ... it is sad to see people so dumb who pray for a dry jewish mummy who died 2,000 years ago and think she will wake up ... if this is your god you are really miserable ... your god is dead bleeding and crying on the cross like a hysterical 5 year old girl .. he cried to to get help ... to himself he could not help .. so he will help you ?
if i were you i 'd feel sorry for yourself .
i feel like i 've been asleep the whole week & # 128514;i've been so tired and like have had this not - awake feeling&#128514;&#129300 ;
i wish every person on the planet died of anus rape
yeah or you can start from the negative look at nonwhite countries and nonwhite ghettos in white countries and go from there it is not a difficult question
just like the swiss ....... i can agree there .
knock the smart off some of this younger generation .
we should have another holocaust
< user > be best my racist violence inciting ass you are complicit in the killing of immigrants
i do n't want a bitch that a nigga already had i want sumn new ... or a runner it 's too easy nigga i accept the challenge
i did both , but i keep watching us go extinct .
" omg just watching people talk about " " potential war " " is making me lose brain cells , we have the best miltary but it does n't make us safe "
how many niggers have autism i d say next to zero how many white female children have autism whitegenocide thanksjews
it fitting that the clintons were finally taken down by a weiner and a muslim spy
the way i am gon na be known on the british stan twt side of twitter as that bitch who said " that s not very peng ting of you " is humiliating url
i am not sorry to say , that those two so called women , do not even look like women at all .
they have way too many male traits and are most likely a couple of male trannies .
this is a bogus bs story designed to bring down the united states government and weaken this nation .
epstein is also a jewish name .
they have been working real hard for quit some time now ; to weaken and destroy this nation !
the devil comes to steal , kill , and destroy ; and they are of their father the devil .
cuckservative media calls trump a liberal liberal kike media calls him far right tired of these deceitful cocksuckers
nah , bad analogy .
the " snitch " does not serve his country nor has he sworn to abide by confidentiality in service to his country .
we have a free press , but those in government employ who have sworn to abide by security and confidentiality rules have nothing to do with the free press .
my parents fucked my weekend so i cancelled their trip i 'm paying for to mississippi for the family reunion & # 128522 ; oh well
comparing abortion to the systematic killimgs of the jewish people is just spitting on their grave .
go to hell , you opportunistic pieces of shits
" eating pussy - god that s so gay " every retard ever .
more light grey than dark , but impressive for r / jokes
many muslims are horrified at the prospect of being buried beside a jew .
i hear the iranians raised their arses to the british sailors and asked them to show them the light as they retreated .
whoever wrote this editorial did n't do very much research .
all they did was regurgitate unsubstantiated and debunked right wing talking points .
< number > announcement that fucking kike drudge just gave me the biggest blue balls
crash on eb i < number > location eb i < number > at van dyke lanes blocked left shoulder left lane event type crash county macomb
how do i apply to be an # nhl ref ?
this # capsjackets game shows that i do n't need to understand much or even make decisions , just want a form
" the day i became a father was one of the best days of my life .
to be able to look into your child 's eyes and to know that you 're blessed with a beautiful creation is so wonderful .
i feel my kids truly balance me and my life . "
full article : url @thebabyspotca
i do n't have to be at work till 12:25 and i legit woke up at 7 o'clock this morning .
wtf i just want sleeeeeeeep & # 128148;&#128542 ;
i am a neo nazi republican
i thank that the only one that can tall you what to do is your self and no one els if you see this guy and like his pic .
make sure he knows you are wp if you are or you like only white men .
that is the way i see it .
how do you pickup a jewish girl ?
broom and dustpan .
nigga jay z said i am what supreme did not become niggas is not listening
< user > < user > gandhi told jews they should commit suicide to prevent holocaust blamed women when they were raped arranged the rape of his own daughter refused to sit in the same carriage as black people
love , love the pod squad .
a good behind the article/ photos report .
> on the one hand , the black cop needs a paycheck .
if he goes against the other cop , he 'll be permanently branded as disloyal to the force .
he needs to get a different job then .
nazi soldiers needed a paycheck too and that why they had no problem committing genocide .
fuck them and fuck the police gang
if his jew lawyers do n't set this beast free again .... hopefully he 'll get to rot in prison .
i 'm not athiest and i 'm not christian .
we are * usually * what we were raised as because we have spent our lives being comforted by the religion of our parents ' teaching .
the rest of us find what comforts us the most .
do you , bro - ski .
i support your choice to be christian as much as i support their choice to be atheist .
find your own happiness and make your own joy in whatever lifestyle you choose .
thrive .
❤ ️
how about we go over there and tear down homes owned by the fuckers in israel , i will enroll in crane operation / demolition classes so i can do it personally .
two words .
fuck israel url
it turns everything these people work for into a fucking joke .
ratzinger was speaking the truth .
there is a natural order , and same sex coupling is terminally against that order .
a unity that leads to procreation is a higher order , a more perfect unity .
wrong , wrong , wrong , wrong .
i sincerely hope the widow of the brave soldier who gave his life defending our freedoms , the one mr. khadr and his fine father murdered , will slap a pair of handcuffs on every dollar before this fine young canadian and his lawyers have a chance to spend one nickel of it .
q.   is justin planning on handing over the loot in a selfie moment ?
i was gassing coons and kikes when you were just a fan i got bunkers filled with nothing but zyklon cans
her grandfather was a nazi , or a nazi collaborator and   clearly   a propagandist .
basic fact .
her   grandfather helped kill jews in the millions 

 has she ever admitted this   fact while attacking russia today and defending nazi collaborators in her own family ? ? ?
my parents had us attend a presbyterian and a methodist church growing up ( switched churches when we moved towns ) .
in the grand scheme of religion in the usa , these are two very mild denominations .
in fact , presbyterians ( pcusa ) now allow for openly gay / lesbian ordained pastors .
they still have a long ways to go regarding equality and lgbtq issues , but they are moving in the right direction .
" i m listening to anamanaguchi and their song " " miku " " came on and for a minute it sounded like she said " " i 'm fucking miku " " and i wish it was "
> but thick is the buzz word for obese women who want to fit in to some extent .. while i agree with this , the amount of white dudes who use it as a buzzword for any women larger than a toothpick is just as much of a plague , especially on this site .
you guys chill u can make xenophobic comments all day as long as you are a member of the demographic you are talkin shit about that why it ok for < user > to make fun of retards and why it ok for me to make fun of faggots < wink > nambla wake up america 911 truth maga
give all of them $ 10 , a canteen of water and a bed roll packed on a fast bus to the middle of mexico via the illegal route .
dump them out , wish them well .
< user > soo being a nazi is perfectly ok because i get money yikes lol
he 's still a dirty fucking kike .
he was just talking shit about steve c and patrice , i sincerely hope he dies .
i like when they pretty and ghetto type of bitch that don ’ t even say hello
the reversal of males being less idle for whites and asians when in blacks and hispanics is interesting
alright i 'll let you off , just let me see your gay license and i 'll be on my wat
< user > want to do more than spank that white ass
the politic boys keep chimin in on my culture war it would be nice if they kindly fucked off and stop counter signaling my kike gassing
you can trust the messenger yet still distrust the message . #
syria # airstrikes # trump # fridayfeeling
why do jews hate adderall ?
cause they already have free concentration camps
.@femitheist @ktonieskacze hard to say w/o knowing if avg .
welfare w/o a dad is & gt ; or & lt ; avg .
cs payment .
if less , it would reduce incentive .
" @notthatbarnes --could be fun . " "
alright , what would you like to do ?
have you ate yet ? " "
he raises an eyebrow . "
i always check up on people & amp ; know when somethings up even when i do n't get the same treatment & amp ; they do n't deserve it ... what 's wrong w me
your own incoherency and trite , shallow grasp of issues shows through clearly , along with a sense of dread over your comfortable world being triggered into sad , sad despondency .
then hoes stole my choreo and still managed to make it look bad and lose with it lmfao
regrettably , i think you are right .
there are many definitions of fascism and several argue this is an ideology that draws from both the extreme left and the extreme right .
to me , the most distinguishing aspect of fascism is the belief that your ideology or creed is the only correct one so you have the right and even the duty to repress and to ban opinions that are different that yours .
nazi germany 's book burnings and forcible removal of dissident professors , plays , paintings and ideas and other things at variance with the party line enunciated by hitler and goebbels are vivid examples of fascism to me .
it is now common among the radical left and seems to be accelerating .
one unfortunate aspect of this new fascism is it impairs the ability of the brainwashed kids to think clearly , objectively and creatively which , in turn , will make it more difficult for them to ever achieve success in the real world market economy .
there are no " safe spaces " in the marketplace .
i 'm surprised mulan was n't changed to an african character ;)
what did the barry is a sickening sex addict .
if his dick fits in , he goes for it .
one day , he hit on a teenage jewish girl at her bat mitzvah . "
this party 's pretty tight , is n't it sweetie ? " "
yeah . " "
so is your sister , mm . " "
what the fuck !
< repeat > " " just kidding baby !
you 're smokin ' , just like your grandma . " "
i never knew my grandmother .
< repeat > " barry smiled .
i swear y' all get the weirdest niggas famous ...
this movie was filled with garbage zionist propaganda .
did you know that # newfoundlandandlabrador is 1 of 2 provinces with no # lgbtq centre ?
we also have no paid position or program devoted entirely to # lgbtq issues .
@govnl @osw_govnl @dwightballnl url
why would you appoint someone to a position where a conflict or interest is presen ?
why would you hire someone that could possibly recuse themselves from any amoumt of issuses .
but to hire someone that is also working for a major polluter is like having the fox guard the hen house .
hire someone else
< user > < user > at this point i think you ’ re just looking for an excuse to look at more gay porn 😝
< user > < user > btw department of homeland security just recognized white supremacist terror as a major terrorist threat in the u.s .
hindutva terror should be recognized the same way but it will not happen as the current indian government supports facilities and enables it
buena oates , it is sad to see that you are backing a person that steals from your pocket as well .
unless , you are one of those that steals from us elderly as well .
if you are shame on you !
how do you live with yourself knowing that you are hurting others .
are you a thief as well ?
or maybe you are a developer getting paid to keep quiet .
buena oates , the truth will come out on election day when you and your friends get exposed once djou does a audit .
i hope he finds all of you who are stealing and you all get investigated .
how dare you !
ah , another supporter for those who hate people of color and those of the jewish faith .
so lame .
so low energy .
" last resort " ?
no such directive .
" damn jews making my life a living hell i 'll show them ill show all of them ! " -
hitler
exactly .
crackerkikes need to lynched stoned to death skinned alive burnt alive have there toes and fingers cut off get there eyes stabbed alive and clitholes stabbed and mutilated with genitals ripped off and fed to dogs or crocidiles .
they are not human beings and they should continue getting shot and killed at higher numbers
interesting you dismiss all analysis .
i came here to troll but to be completely honest with you israel and palestine are both trash states with a huge repertoire of warcrimes and crimes against humanity and it 's frankly disgusting what they do to eachother over there
you 're too late .
the house already passed a motion sponsored by irwin cotler on february 26 , 2015 , pledging to combat anti - semitism .
https://irwincotler.liberal.ca/blog/motion-antisemitism/ 

 so , apparently it is the role of our government " to single out one community in general for special protection when we have laws adequately protecting all citizens . "
google the number of debates on anti - semitism in parliament , including the motion to condemn bds last year .
you 'll have enough sycophantic and obsequious grovelling and ring - kissing to last you a lifetime .
how much more do you want ?
disney must make a story about filipino
just read about the heroes 2.0 mastery taunts .
how often do you ever have time to taunt in heroes of the storm ? ?
what a stupid edition
< user > you ’ re nazi omg that you ’ re a moron
killing 8 million jews without a reason
why should you avoid jokes about jewish genitalia ?
they 're a bit off the top
muh kike on a stick so edgy
@_mney _ @davidmweissman one of the requirements to be a christian , and it is one of those rock solid foundational things alongside belief in resurrection , is that the bible is the infallible word of god .
you and i may see that is not valid .
christians are required to believe that to be christian .
i also just want to take my huge comforter and wrap myself in it and go sit in the library and do work
jews destroy everything they touch .
everything .
what a bunch of talentless faggots they are .
muzungu , your thoughts mirror mine .
i also wonder what to do with pedestrians who are walking and have their earbuds in .
sometimes i can tell from behind and other times i can not .
again , i say " on your left " and slow down , and i have a bell on one of my bikes that i ring .
still they 're surprised at my passing since they can neither see me nor hear my warning .
it seems my cycling gets others bothered whether i 'm next to the road or on a trail .
i have not found a place where i can can cycle that i 'm not being yelled at by one person or another .
it 's aggravating for all of us .
" i 'm really glad i got over the " " angsty teen not liking their parents " " phase because my parents are awesome as hell "
it 's just really fucked up how someone can treat you after all ya been through together ... & # 129335;&#127998;‍ ♀ ️
when the arrests go down .
the last thing these feminazi are going to be concerned about are king donnie 's taxes !
stop pushing homosexuality in your movies , it 's wrong and a dangerous lifestyle .
your brainwashing children into a horrible way of life .
typical jew liberal pedo liberal hollywood at pixar .
hate speech against muslims and jews is already against the law , but the criminal code is a clumsy tool at   best , and hatred against muslims has increased markedly recently .
the motion is about discussing the issue in a less heightened atmosphere .
angry nativists are opposed to that .
how are a jew and a stiff nipple similar ?
they both disappear after a hot shower
bush is n't a candidate .
have n't you learned anything ?
was super stoked on having my hair long again but the ends is just so damaged i need to cut it short fuqet fml & # 128553;&#128528 ;
jimbo5 canada and mexico need to stand together .
divide and conquer is the typical approach of bullies .
keep little justin far away , and canada and mexico need to stand together and take a hard stand .
the current situation   with the full integration of manufacturing will cost the us a fortune to modify , publish the impact costs .
inegi is the statistics dept , never accurate , always manipulated , and looks like it will continue that way .
sad !
she is stupid and we need to deport her
keep fighting in the me the billionaires and jews need more money keep bringing in millions of invaders and give them our money keep fucking over vets vote them all out of office the gov is our enemy
good point that should be investigated .
vancouver has / had those problems .
why did n’t zorstorer kill nick when he killed everyone else ?
or did he , and the stick saved him ? #
grimm @nbcgrimm
there is only 2 genders and transvestites have an mental condition .
donald trump just blamed all the muslims for the problems in the world ...... 
 adolf hitler blamed all of the jews for all of the problems in the world ....... 
 supporters of trumpelthinskin not only are you uneducated you are the problem ! ! !
you also lost the popular vote and trump has some of the lowest approval ratings in the past hundred years of a president going in the office those are called facts ...... 
 i know it 's hard for you to understand !
putin is massing troops on his eastern border with alaska ........ 
 fox news will not tell you the truth until it is way too late !
trumpelthinskin is selling alaska back to russia ! ! ! ! !
buh bye comrades 
 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨
john , basically your claim is that catholics are homophobic , that orthodox jews are homophobic , and that muslims are homophobic .
that seems to support a couple of conclusions : you 're intolerant , you 're a heterophobe .
well do you want the native people to get their homelands back ?
you down for slave descendant reparations ?
or would you prefer they just stfu about it ?
i m into bitcoins , not your lame shit .
peace .
just thought , apart from being the only mania match with decent build , is this big match john 's best mania feud ?
when jews play gta do they always have at least one star ?
yes if we ignore the primitive culture these muslim migrants are bringing it will certainly destroy our many centuries of removing religious power form our lives , note how they are violent , we can not afford to ignore that historical trend 
 this is not nazism , killing jews because they are wealthy , this is one religion islam hating violently against western civilization 
 we must fight it 
 the demagogues are the ones saying submit to primitivism
what 's the difference between boy scouts and jews ?
boy scouts come back from camp .
> why was some parts of the bible written ?
because my early iron age , nomadic , sheepfucking ancestors did n't have the internet and porn to keep them entertained .
so , they had to find something else to do .
and , they were probably dehydrated out in the desert and may have been hallucinating .
so , they mixed in an unhealthy dose of old myths and total garbage and bad morals shook well , cooked , and served .
a better question would be why anyone in the modern age still believes this shit .
this is why we all hate you dumb bitches go do something with your life instead of degrading the experiences of actual fucking trauma survivors you inconsiderate asshole
jooish pedophiles
some people just need to bitch into the wind
> > yet in the face of that disturbing evidence , 

 .
evidence to what ?
blacks and jews are the groups most targeted by hate crimes .
the two - fold increase is +20 incidents , if i remember correctly .
the increase comes largely in the " against property " group .
does this diminish any of the crimes ?
no .
does it constitute a ' quell ' ?
no .
60 idiots threw a slur , or felt ' macho ' by vandalizing a mosque , or pulled muslim woman 's headscarf ( these mostly done by teenagers ) .
that constitutes calling canadians islamophobic ?
i 've been in this thing for years now ... but i 'm still shocked by the depths of jewish depravity at least once per day .
i fucking hate these creatures .
url
that 's one of the best statements i ' ve read on this site .
i ca n't think of one good reason to give money to first time buyer 's .
i 'd bet the good realtors disagree with mr. hudak on this issue .
regardless of biology meaning color , gender wrong is wrong !
hating on america and dividing our nation is wrong !
get the squad out !
< user > are you fucking retarded
me2 fuck you cnn whores queers jews
nearby which will give them citizenship so india supports those refugees refugee crisis is not a new problem congress never addressed it bjp addressed it was there in the party < number > manifesto also amit shah has said it so it will be done so stop wasting your time crying < number > < number >
inspiring words from potus trump : 

 " together , our task is to strengthen our families , to build up our communities , to serve our citizens , and to celebrate american greatness as a shining example to the world .... "
the irony is if you are a straight white male in decent shape they are going to label you a nazi anyway might as well rock it
muslim moots we have like < number > days more before ramadhan time really fly so fast
< user > my wife visited an old co worker today that recently adopted a black baby she told my wife that while she gets some awkward looks from whites all of her bad experiences have been with black women making strange comments i found that interesting
certain individuals like to claim some form of ' moral high - ground ' in our racial fight to preserve the white race .
irish republicans hidden jewish past .....
many worthwhile initiatives are suggested in this article .
at the same time , there are other steps that need to be taken .
for example , make it illegal to access salafist websites .
prosecute for hate speech and then expel for life these hideous imams who come from abroad and preach the destruction of jews in canadian mosques .
prosecute as parties to their crime of hate speech the persons funding their trips to canada .
if tracts calling for the violent destruction of non - muslims are circulating in canadian mosques and islamic schools prosecute the persons disseminating it .
these measures surely are overdue .
of course , the chances of them being enacted are precisely zero as long as the current government is in power .
your children will see what you 're all about by what you live rather than what you say . —
wayne w. dyer # quote
nope , you remain incorrect .
can you tell me what constituted the deficit , even though continually shrinking , during the obama years ?
gather the data and study it .
it will challenge your preconceptions .
this bitch should stop this games and suck real dick smh
< user > but dirty jewellery 😔 billie pls
i have a problem with porn , violent movies , cursing in movies , shows like game of thrones that have incest and prostitution in them , etc .
the first amendment allows all this horrible stuff that liberals keep wanting to give awards to .
us christian conservatives have had to endure all sorts of offensive things for the free speech of the left .
i do n't approve of the kkk or nazis .
they are horribly offensive .
i also do n't approve of linda sarsour , a hero of today 's leftist women 's movement , who seems to hate jews .
the first amendment allows all sorts of terrible things , but that is what is in our great constitution .
... and morneau 's " job churn " will encompass all employment in canada .
very sad .
at least jt is happy with his lot in life .... and catherine is content with her carbon tax .
deport the homeless addicts and alcoholics .
you 're gon na need it to stretch that ass out while i suck the life out of that cock .
how you can be sexually attracted to someone and feel those urges .
i 'm asexual and i have not felt that .
i thought maybe i just have n't met the right person but nope !
just not sexually attracted to anyone .
i would n't mind having sex but i do nt feel the urge or need to .
< user > what do you say to the tens of thousands of american families who are killed assaulted and raped by illegal aliens and anchor babies
have started learning # javascript along with # drupal .
my drupal is at intermediate level .
so i have confidence that no need whole day for it
in this comment section -- the littlest of little dicks talking shit about the " lesbo 's " who won one for our country , but ca nt get over the idea of them not liking or respecting president grabbem by the pussy .
mad at some percieved " personal " disgrace as they claim superiority .
its fucking sad folks .
these incels are something else .
also .. alot .. i mean .. alot of eurotrash trolls trying to pass off as american .
this has been your comment section health advisory .
possibly , but how much of a profit margin has there been the past 3 years ?
do n't forget that renters can use the difference they save ( yes , i realize not everyone does ) to invest in other things .
a balanced investment strategy can easily generate over 5 % per year .
so , then you need one of those rent vs own calculators to determine what is truly " better " .
i am not in the finance industry , for the record .
if she sent him a picture of her sucking another man 's dick then he did something to piss her off .
also that shit is hilarious .
he 's a sore loser .
and he 's not as attractive as he should be if he wanted to keep her , realistically .
men are such ugly creatures .
look , bernie has a right to his beliefs , and he has a right to vote according to hose beliefs .
and he happens to believe that religious fundamentalists have no place in govt .
if the roles were reversed , and vought was interviewing sanders , and sanders said he was a jew who did not accept jesus as his saviour , but he did believe in free , government paid contraception and unlimited abortion on demand , vought would almost certainly vote no .
and he would be cheered and applauded by those very people who are now castigating sanders .
frankly , i am sick of the hypocrisy and the pollyannish political posturing .
i am sick of the crocodile tears .
welcome to the new " war on christmas . "
a boy is a girl now
the white man is the devil romans 9 and 13 god say he hate the white man that 's why they 're going to be slaughtered when christ come
what 's the difference between a jew and a boy scout ?
one came home from camp .
& gt;mfw some rachet ass hoe drops some scripture or religious stuff on social media http://t.co/9zdsku0lbo
the problem is those with the potential for leadership leave the party instead of trying to foster change .
that there are no republicans in the senate and only 6 , or maybe 5 , in the house shows a lack of leadership .
criticizing trump is easy , and even the strongest national republicans are doing it .
terrific , genuine , moral guy .
< user > < user > why a women could just as easily be turned off by the idea or taste of giving a guy oral
' christian ' fornicators look at homosexuals with disgust simply because they sin differently .
god does n't hate them , it 's the homosexuality he hates .
same way he hates fornication 🤷 🏽‍ ♂ ️. url
who in the federal gov't came up with this idea ?
and why and for what would canada apologize ?
check out timetospeakup 's comment and try to justify this .
makes no sense .
if the cherry tree belonged to palestinians it was jews if it belonged to jews it was palestinians
what is family .
what is a friend .
i 'm so fucking done with everyone & # 128548;&#128548;&#128548;&#128545;&#128545;&#128545 ;
what s the difference between a ton of coal and a thousand jews ?
jews burn longer
so you admit that religion is made up bullshit to keep stupid people in line ?
> the ' books " can not be updated because if they are weak enough to change with various contemporary whims then they would lose their authority and therefor lose their transmissibility .
thank you for demonstrating how religion has fucked up your mind .
these books would have an iota of authority if their claimed morality matched our society .
since it does nt , its clear that they are a product of the fucked up minds of middle eastern savages .
breitbart is kike orientated fake news team trump
uh been there done that !
a fandom with baby .
hello ! ! !
days of our lives .
will / sonny .
except that was a gay man that slept with a girl # robron
hmm ... all i can say , really , is go with your heart !
if that leads you to living the life of a cis person , then go ahead , you 're valid either way .
if that means transitioning , then do that !
it 's about what you want to do , there s reason to be fearful about whether you are or are n't , just be you .
of course it will take a while to discover who you are , but it takes everyone a while .
i wish you the best of luck !
it 's true .
just like how having female voice assistants are inherently sexist .
i personally know someone who did this as her thesis .
i do nt know why , but the religious people with dress codes sickens me .
ortodox jews being one of the worst display of stand - offish people you could find on our planet .
proud , but very ready to put down the rest of humanity because of some ancient silly beliefs .
its disgusting .
they really are not much worth then poisonous snakes .
miss america shall embrace beer for beer makes fat women look beautiful
shhh let the incel live in his fantasy
what happened to the sperm bank when it burned down ?
it turned into a krispy kreme
i thought we all voted on woodchipper feet first for the cucks not cats leave the cats alone you want to kill something find a jew nigger muslim or wetback do something that benefits civilization
acid attacks , honour killings , fgm , breast ironings , forced marriages - this shit ai n't nothin' new .
close the fucking borders already .
you 're gon na need it to stretch that ass out while i suck the life out of that cock .
look for some free counseling , if your community has an lgbtq centre they quite often have it there or will know where to get it
did you forget what the subject of the article was ?
should n't need a new chief to nuture future department leaders .
just get a warm bottle of milk and tuck them into bed each night .
that 'll do the trick .
you 're incorrect .
the taxes addressed by jesus were roman taxes , an invading , occupying army for a state that gave nothing to those jews in their homeland .
" our " government is not an invading , occupying army for a state that gives nothing to us .
or , it 's not supposed to be , however , it does resemble such quite a bit .
" our " government is supposed to be for " us . "
therefor , " render unto caesar " does not " support " taxation , but it supports people recognizing power , even unfair worldly power , and choosing wisely .
you got ta love those lyin ' christians who twist the bible to support their evil beliefs and actions in the world .
we have < number > million invaders and refugees work hard for them
what do you expect to see in these tax returns ?
retire your fingers " ailina " you troll .
free canada press is an anti - catholic and anti - semetic alt right online blog run by judi mcleod .
they are the same outlet that claimed 9/11 was an inside job perpetrated by " the mob " and any latin americans who protest tougher immigration laws are actually acting under detailed instructions from " swiss jews , an irish / canadian manager , and a califormia jew " .
http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/judi_mcleod
i have a solution .
send them back to where they came from .
they caused their own problems by choosing to come here .
they are their own country 's problems .
not the problems of the united states .
they are invaders .
“ all learning is ultimately self - learning . ”
― milton friedman
fuck israel .
the only thing god gave you was two legs to keep walking .
the owner of a water park killed himself .
it was a suislide
ah yes .
stay tuned for more such announcements in the future .
remember the alberta advantage ?
happy new year from rachel and the gang .
< user > somali refugees getting the job of signing up for welfare done right every time
total bullshit and a complete violation of the people rights then again that the liberal college allowing blacks to run that place into the ground karma a bitch
happy birthday to the instagram king @tylershawmusic i hope you're having an amazing day&#127881;&#127881;&#127881 ; ilysm ❤ ❤
i have no doubt rads would say i sound kike you
you must be retarded it jews at the top of these media organizations do not make me produce a list this is very easy to verify
con artist scum like this jew faggot need to get real jobs instead of feeding off of milking naive desperate people of their money .
what ’s hitler ’s favourite console ?
the nintendo auswitch
ann coulter < user > this daily trump melodrama is worth it only if he really going to build the wall cut off muslim refugees and deport illegals
israelis are no better than nazis
another friday afternoon hit piece by wapo .
not one shred of evidence mind you nor even a definition of any broken laws .
just more bs from the swamp things who are watching the water level shrink .
loki that 's kinda sick
why ?
it 's not his problem .
incidentally , harper and all other pms have had chiefs of staff and advisors .
i bet that a jew torturing machine
i wish you all dudes stop asking me to come over that a definite no i would never let you faggots around my parents 🤧
what 's the difference between pregnancy and the holocaust ?
when you 're pregnant , the baby 's in the oven longer .
btw im a girl and i like girls so your not alown
i feel really bad for smart hard working black folks who are smeared with a bad rep by ghetto blacks in reality the welfare state and cultural marxism have done more harm to the black family than any event in the past < number > years who is behind this we all know
yall do nt be spitting on these niggas and i can tell .
naw it probably nigger obama fault shift the blame ok i blame the jews whatever please quit the bitch fit with azz it clogging up my gab feed and it retarded thanks
there is no shortage of capital for the right ideas .
more evidence that israelis are the scum of the earth .
then why did n't they stand up against the judeo - christian ritual of male genital mutilation ?
illegal alien charged with murdering four americans claims he is ' mentally disabled ' url
< user > < user > so if an animal does body language you start to rape it also < number > < number > years old they do not understand shit about sex and do not say then let us teach them that not the point kids should be hanging out with friends and playing games not being statutory raped
it 's true .
just like how having female voice assistants are inherently sexist .
i personally know someone who did this as her thesis .
the shooter was of course a hebe .
fucking subhuman hymies
being gay is not a decision but ok
1/ " you 'd be wise to keep your mouth shut from here on out or i"ll put a bullet in you so fast it will make your head spin .
"disney surveillance just now -- fuck off jew .
the love of money is the root of all evil .
the lack of money is the root of all evil . ―
robert t. kiyosaki # quote
springer ca n't steal a base , but that fucker can hit the ball !
hell of a game ! #
astros # springerdinger
mein kampf was n't about " criticizing jews . "
nazism ( national socialism ) was a movement to exterminate jews off the face of the earth ( as is regularly preached in islam ) , to exterminate ' degenerate ' art and music ( like moderate to orthodox islam ) , and reinstate religious purity ( islam much ? ! )
btw , you should read about the cozy connection between nazi germany and middle eastern imams during wwii .
sadly it wo n't be difficult .
the rinos , er ... republicans will sit on their hands , humor the democrats , and blame our president .
< user > damn i am retarded i put the numerical equivalent to the wcw
< user > why muslim refugees have to leave just because they are muslim if you are giving relaxation for hindu sikh buddh jain etc refugees why not muslim feels pity on the thinking and ideology of this govt ab to dharm jaat paat bhar nikal jao
here we have a my fellow whites and the kike cries out in pain < number > for 2 fer lol the persecution of the jews will always remain one of life greatest mysterious
yall do nt be spitting on these niggas and i can tell .
since kety used to be a christian music singer before fame , then she probably was aware of the song from the other band / singer
in reference to ( irt ) chuck cohen , 

 perhaps if you took some university or college 600 level cultural anthropology courses , subject muslims , what you are proposing would seem ridiculous to you .
muslim culture is a culture of war .
the muslim culture ( do n't say " religion " ) was created by mohammad as the commander of armies that were conquering " the known world " , after mohammad stopped the waring tribes from killing each other , he then unified them into his armies .
the very large size of his armies required all nations to provide logistical   support of food , water , clothing , money .
to make this law , mohammad then created the holy koran , that also required all to join the jihad , there were no valid excuses .
he defined what a muslim is or is not .
109 suras of the 114 suras of the holy koran are the declared war against christians , jews , unbelievers ( kafir ) .
and that " collaborators to the christians , jews , unbelievers must die a horrible murdering to dwell in that firey place " .
last night i had an old white pilot say the mayor of chicago is a lesbian black woman all in your face sir what in the entire hell are you trying to say get the entire f*ck < censored > out of my face
@kovazukerman @tlmnlpstz they just murder thousands of other people lmao .
keep defending israeli apartheid and occupation , but never wonder why we hate your guts you zionist pigs
klein is a self hating jew that no intelligent person takes seriously .
congrats on finishing your first semister of poli sci though
@mcitlfraphorism get fucked , you biblical bag of dicks .
a woman made fun of me so i blocked her on snapchat 
 do n't you dare insult me while you hide behind makeup .
my friend told me he ate 5 guys yesterday i told him i ate 6 and suddenly he wo n't talk to me anymore
you are so autistic that you can not understand metaphysical arguments lol stupid spiritual kike just like the pharisees
you wanna defend this hasbara kike thot too
do you mean that you support trump and sessions knowing that they might limit or take away my rights ?
was n't that what the german people did in 1933 when they voted for hitler and the nsdap ?
hitler used the jews as scapegoats for all the problems that germany had at that time and took away their rights and properties .
so yes , trump and sessions are the faces of fascism , sessions being a known racist .
it is not the liberals and democrats who are fascists .
they prefer social democracy like what most of europe has and it is opposite of fascism .
i know that conservatives try to pin the fascist label on the liberals but they are either ignorant or disingenuous .
this of course is just donald trump charming kike son in law helping out the don with 4 d ultra hi res techni colour chess you will have to admit it sooner or later america trump was controlled opposition against clinton
two strong successful black women who worship the devil , whose success stems from promiscuity ... yea , we are emvious and jealous of this cheapness and vulgarity !
👠 💍
correction , mass murder by a religion that supports hate in canada re : montreal imam preaches hate against jews .
the mosques know very well who these people are as well as all the individuals in attendance .
enjoying my donosti , despite the weather @samheughan @scottjkyle1 @mrstevencree @mypeakchallenge @caitrionambalfe https://t.co/0lxnf9pfgc
alyse galvin should be " screaming " about the lack of student achievement instead the overfunding of public education .
the $ 50 bsa increase will not result in any increases in academic achievement .
money down the public education hole .
re tam agosti - giseler -- your school board should budget for the " worst case " and then you will have the flexibility to manage the work force .
use your head , not your emotions .
how many of you have had formal training and experience pertaining to nuclear ( weapons ) physics and physiology , missiles , chemical weapons , biological warfare , conventional munitions plus eod .... didn't think so , well neither has most of the government , state , city and county of honolulu .
after being stationed at europe as a u.s. military officer i did the above , upon returning to the u.s. i was an instructor , course writer , course evaluator , and later on a branch chief ( nuclear weapons ) .
i know exactly what the peoples republic of north korea is building .
hawaii used to have six anti aircraft and anti ballistic missile batteries , plus two training batteries ( one was at pearl city ) the heaquarters was at diamond head and was moved underground at kunia , aegis on shore at least two batteries one at waianae and one at koko head , plus thaads at all u.s. military bases would be smart .
aegis on ships would require the ships to be directly under the flight path .
" trump to leave protections for illegal migrants who came to u.s. as children " 

 i think that is a reasonable consideration but of course complaints will arise concerning the deportation of adult parents .
the children who have grown up in the u.s. can make the choice of whether to stay in country or follow their parents south .
it may not be their best solution but a fair one considering the circumstances .
.... 0161 manny on the fucking map https://t.co/joigy3ryvq
ukwon : [ singing , but the camera is nt centred on him ] me : where he at bitch
it 's a little early to speculate , based on the article , on whether the company 's policies should be changed , or the bear should be shot , or what .
it sounds like the guides may have a long road of recovery ahead , perhaps psychologically and financially as well .
my thoughts are with them .
that < number > bouncer and the boys you jumped up little nazi fag you wo nt see him again case closed
no one cares that you are straight because that 's what is socially acceptable in this country .
so no , you do n't get to oppose any lgbtq+ community parade .
they are still fighting for their love and to be socially accepted .
they still need the exposure to create equal rights .
* looks at my text messages * people are fucking insane
< user > they used the f slur too so i ’ m guessing we got ourselves a homophobe here
hate when you go on insta news feed n see women post pics of a 3d pregnancy scan ! ! !
the pics look scary as hell & # 128563;don't post it & # 128553;&#128553;&#128553 ;
because illegal immigrants can not really survive on the wages they are paid so the government indirectly subsidizes the employers by giving illegal aliens welfare benefits this keeps wages down and allows employers to make even more money while having their actual costs subsidized by the taxpayers
no sorry once again i tried to quote the comment i made in the previous post , i do nt know how to do it my fault adam 88 : [ ] ! !
jews still live as in the o.t .
cultish self serving warring and against criticism b cos they have developed a culture of pharasitic entitlements they are not enlightened they still sacrifice animals with all their posturing they still reject god
the next white man are sympathetic logical black men since jews are already in
great job , sri lanka !
as an indian , i think all of us in south asia should work together on these problems .
trump making america great again after < number > years of what s his name massive incompetence and mussie evil called no hope with chains
my eyes are gon na hurt so fucking bad tmr morning :')
it sounds like mr. boyden 's book was historically accurate and this did not go well with the idle no more agenda .
too bad but the truth hurts .
during champlain 's times in the early 1600 's he documented how different tribes treated prisoners and it was shocking .
the fact is that natives were very brutal towards each other and it was the french who were the more peaceful party .
i would compare mr. boyden with salman rushdie and the blowback he got from fundementalist islam .
so i just realized that < user > aka albino nigger pictured below the leader of faggotwaffle and nigerian resident shares a name with jews so that certainly interesting
you just might be a racist .
how do you know who is an arab ,   anyhow ?
someone who looks just almost like a jew or an italian ?
jesus fucking christ , people are self - centered . & #
128298;&#128298;&#128298 ;
danai gurira the world does not revolve around the u.s .
ados folks how dare she these black immigrants hate us
i thought it was because they wanted to be prettier than the liberal women 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
the legislation surrounding a companies ability to run underfunded pension plans together with the knowledge that if they do run into financial difficulty they can reduce or cancel pension benefits and health care coverage .
this has been going on for years and no government has had the political will to correct it .
it should be an easy fix .
pension obligations should be secured and placed at the top of secured creditor claims .
or , better still companies should not be able to run underfunded plans and all monies should be held in trust by a third party and exempted from the claims process .
it is time this unethical practice was stopped .
it might be argued that such an approach will speed the move away from defined benefit pensions , or any at all , however this is already taking place .
the flash must be muslim the way he fast
anytime bro rekt the kike christ cuck fuckers shits about to get real
surely you do n't mean the mckinnon highway ?
gee i wonder , is there any chance that someone else has been profiting fighting to keep the road from being built ?
who is ' guiding ' ' eco tours ' in the area ?
who receives large donations to ' fight the good fight ' ?
seak ?
earth justice ?
sierra club ?
green peace ?
earth first " 
 animal liberation front ?
earth liberation front ?
unfortunately thousands of women look like this they have overdosed on vitamin kike you should let them know about their condition the next time they stop in
one of my favorite things abt ghosts and folklore in west bengal is that the most haunted locations in kolkata are solely haunted by white people
regardless of biology meaning color , gender wrong is wrong !
hating on america and dividing our nation is wrong !
get the squad out !
> but thick is the buzz word for obese women who want to fit in to some extent .. while i agree with this , the amount of white dudes who use it as a buzzword for any women larger than a toothpick is just as much of a plague , especially on this site .
if you are trying to be snarky as say " the usa is n't a democracy , it is a republic , " then you make the mistake of assuming that those are two exclusive forms of government .
the passage you refer to is : > the united states shall guarantee to every state in this union a republican form of government , and shall protect each of them against invasion ; and on application of the legislature , or of the executive ( when the legislature can not be convened ) against domestic violence . [ ... ]
so while my definition of a representative democracy was n't complete , the lack of a monarchy is n't really something worth mentioning when describing the current government , though it is extremely relevant to the founding .
wow so no more paintings of police as murderous pigs by untalented minorities no more gay porn touted as art i am good with that
i fear that you may be confusing ca n't with wo n't .
also , we are in this mess because , as senator nancy pelosi so famously proclaimed about the aca , " we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it . "
you may be willing to take politicians at their word but i am not .
there are plenty of articles describing the newest republican bill -all are by experts and all are easy to understand .
yoga has been around for ages and these bitches just now figuring it out
i thought i had no anne frank jokes luckily , i found some hiding in my attic .
may the cheese in your life melt properly and your steaks be super juicy 

 and your troubles resolve quickly like on i love lucy
offensive joke .
well , i hope anyway a little black jewish boy says to his daddy , " dad am i more black or jewish ? " "
why do you ask ? " ,
says the dad .
the boy says , " well a guy at school has a bike for sale for $ < number > and i ca n't decide if i want to haggle him down to $ < number > or just steal it . "
okay but y did african parents think it was funny to joke abt arranged marriages when we were younger mom i 'm not gon na marry adetunde he 's my actual cousin
nobody is talking about the elephant in the room .
if taxes are cut , but expenses are not , the result is a massive deficit .
aoc is an idiot .
i have never known anyone that stupid .
how does she dress herself ?
complete moron .
whites are better than jews and arabs yeah that odin does a much better job than yhwh
some people really fucking anger me , having something so great ... and then throw it done the drain .
first of all , i 'm not asking you to move to israel , join the idf , or to drop american citizenship .
i 'm recommending jews claim their offered citizenship that comes from their blood .
secondly , why not try to get two dickheads on the ropes instead of just one ?
jc stang the big 3 , employment , housing & medicine .
lgbt can be legally discriminated in many states .
sad but true in my state pitbull owners are usually in the ghetto or barrio i e black hispanic gangbangers or out in the boondocks trailer parks doped up white trash tweakers juggalos crim bikers pitbull ownership is highly correlated with having a felony record and or drug habit
it seems everything on the ballots is tied to property taxes .
i wish my income went up every time there ’s a ballot measure to increase property taxes .
ilhan omar is a racist , terrorist ! ! !
send her back
odd how after trump was fake - elected on a platform or hate , xonophobia and similar , with white supremacist neo nazis celebrating , installed a racist as ag , chose the racist head of bretbart news as his closest counselor and started vigorously promoting nationalism , that hate activities have skyrocketed .
and yes , i know he has a few token jews in his family .
means nothing as more than a few experts have noted .
while muslims excoriate us about supposed islamophobia , we should bear in mind islam 's entrenched xenophobia , homophobia , misogyny , judeophobia and anti - semitism , christophobia , europhobia , americanophobia , democraceaophobia , iconoclasm .
muslims even suffer islamophobia against each other as hate filled islamic sects   try to exterminate each other in endless civil wars .
that was supposed to be " should n't " be on the hook .
lock this comment if you like to actively kill jews
we also have similar views on women hey broken clocks being right sometimes and all but it does not change the fact that muslims are gross inbred brown people plus arabs are cousins to jews
my god but i am an opinionated bitch today but just sayin chelsea has rather redeemed herself lately hats off to her thought she was a worm but she turned
just to be clear it cool for the bitch to get the dick but not if she a dumb bitch and dirty in which case she gets the cliff
ironically , the german 's guilt relates to the extermination of jews and homosexuals yet they are trying to   assuage their guilt by letting in the very people who hate jews and homosexuals .
because i am not a burgernat like you go play kike in the oven
ms. khan , thank you ... good article .
my intuition is that ricky is not white which is why he has not posted his face or even done a dna test explains his devotion to trump and civnat as well
“ shortly after marcus retires , melanie will have to convert her rrsp to a rrif ( registered retirement income fund ) at the end of the year she turns 71 .
she would begin making mandatory minimum withdrawals , currently 5.4 per cent , the following year .
she could choose to base the mandatory withdrawals on marcus 's age instead , lowering the withdrawal rate to 4 per cent . ”
using her younger spouse ’s age when setting up her rrif is a no brainer .
i ca n’t thing of a single reason they would n’t do this . (
the choice has to be made when she converts her rrsp to a rrif )
hey if russia can do all that is claimed in the article just by spearphishing , imagine what china must be able to do with all those electronic chips , computers , phones and routers that they make for us here in north america .
nah .......... they would n't embed some malicious code in firmware or even hardwired on a chip ....... would they ?
gee you behave like a kike but post normie reaction gifs like a nigger hm possible nig kike
but were acting like jew isreali and swindling money do nt belong in the same sentence ... -- when we know that 's exactly where they belong .. but she was a gold digger , so she got her sheckles swindled rightfully so ...
who is this jewghost ?
do you mean the rabbi that pissed off the jew bankers and was executed by the state as an example to others not to mess with the jew bankers ?
lailat al miraj mubarak to all muslims .. i 'm wishing for everyone 's peace & prosperity 🤲 🏻
yeah , heres a clue for the nigger author of this article .
chinks hate niggers , kikes hate niggers , spicks hate niggers and towelheads hate niggers .
even niggers hate niggers .
black africans hate the gauche lazy american blacks because they have no morals or work ethic .
niggrus americanus is the lowest form of human ( if you can even call them that ) on the planet , we should erase them
our loss is their loss .
you either go to the gas chamber , slay some jews or gtfo
can we ship these jews to an island some place .
so tired of their hypocrisy .
they are fake democrats .
they are in bed with republicans and they occupy palestine .
🇵 🇸
how about you let people with balls do what needs to be done you are a subversive kike who does nothing but punch right and counter signal
j moua all of them are not white that 's why .
he would never tell a person that looks white to go back to their country .
he would automatically assume you 're american if you were white .
every black men women and children in america should want this women dead lifetime membership in the kk mohammedan obama and hillary treated blacks worse than black muslim slavers ever have done for < number > yrs
the white man is the devil romans 9 and 13 god say he hate the white man that 's why they 're going to be slaughtered when christ come
oh look nelson , there goes friends of that fruity little church you belong to .
< user > you really are retarded you know that you can not even string a single sentence together but you want us to believe you are an intellectual european please look at this person posts it illiterate trash
normal high for today : 72 f , normal low : 44 f. records : high 87 f ( 2012 ) , low 28 f ( 1961 ) .
sunset : 7:57 pm .
you jews have surpassed all nations in impertinent fables in bad conduct and in barbarism you deserve to be punished for this is your destiny voltaire in a reply to a letter sent to him by a kike complaining about his anti semitism
you ever see larger than life black women get angry imagine < number > of them in their pure black bigger than life rage aimed at the pussy boys of the mainstream media they will explode in fear
< user > trudeau muslims ko jyada chhoot de raha tha alot of refugees from muslim country
lmao he left that bitch&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
" except for the racial element " --- my friend , you just answered why your point is incorrect about my thoughts pertaining to the 1 % .
and , being a right - winger , you ca n't claim anything related to anti - semitism , considering that donnie moscow has inspired the white knights to claim that jews and other religions — along with many ethnicities — do not belong in white america .
your points about bezos and crew are off - base .
you name a few of the " good guys " , when the vast reality is that many of them are nothing but hedge - funders like robert mercer — men with undiagnosed gambling disorders — or they are techbros .
techbros are white guys who pride themselves on being an asshole like steve jobs , only techbros do n't possess job 's god - given talent .
these are fellas who open - source meaningless apps , then hold an ipo to get cash before the public realizes how useless it is .
and tech is legendary for hating women and being racist .
the people you seem to idolize do nothing for america .
i see the comments here are largely anti - first nations and are completelyavoiding the topic of transgender rights and senator beyak 's obvious homophobia .
i can only assume this is because they do n't want anyone to google hope or the crazy conspiracy theories that the christian right cling to ?
one can not conduct one 's own private truth & reconciliation commission here in the comments section .
that ship has sailed .
and there 's no building a revisionist backstory that white christians were just trying to adapt children to modern industrial canada .
ha .
if that were true , why were n't we seizing old order mennonite children , amish children or the children of hassidic jews ?
no , the policy from the outset was clear : destroy the first nations by eliminating the next generation .
as for the gay agenda ?
well , the tories prefer to conduct that campaign through whispers and   innuendo .
and they cringe when someone lets slip the truth like senator beyak .
that 's hard to reconcile .
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
sometime soon , bitcoin will crash , people will hate like 3 years ago , then , like lazarus , it will come back and rocket up to over $ 50k
< user > ‍ always has thought provoking quotes but he usually more likely to reply to a kike than me notice me senpai
adolf hitler : " i said let 's fly some kites , not let 's fry some kikes ! "
women like short men irl , they just slander on twitter url
well you may not feel like you used algebra , but i can assure you that you have .
i agree some aspects of a degree can be pointless if looked at individually .
in the full scope of things , the course helps round out the students knowledge base to give full picture concept and application .
that is why i think we have a lot of square holes not just one , so that college students can really focus their degree .
for high school students , it is just the well - rounded part and doing their best to prep them for the ever increasing demands of the job market .
if your last paragraph is true , i support their initiative .
absolutely .
i do however think the " our math " part is laughable and brings down the entire prospect however .
no matter in u.s. , china , india ... math is the same because the contents of such are universal ( literally ) .
more arabs have perished fighting among themselves than those in the war with israel and still goes on
so lets get a battalion of american islamic fighters to defeat this scourge .
japanese americans and immigrants proved their loyalty to the u.s.a. despite the fact that they were repressed as a people here , just as black americans did too during w.w.2 .
our   elderly relatives , as well as the new immigrants here ( legal and illegal ) believe in the hope and future of the united states of america .
this country was the first country to give the power of government to the people and for the people .
people world wide know this , and that s why they vote with their feet .
i wanna fuck but do n't inconvenience me to use birth control or do an hcg every 4 weeks .
god forbid any personal responsibility be expected on my part .
/s
no biases , thank you , just a realist .
maybe he is biased toward jews .
the fact is , he is ignorant and has a destructive agenda .
can you imagine the rest of the world putting sanctions on us for destruction of the atmosphere using the trump policies ?
palestinian killed by israeli army gunfire on gaza border   url
israel is that ex - girlfriend w a drinking problem who ca nt accept that you dumped her 50 yrs ago , and she keeps showing up to family events , drunk , trying to mingle w everyone except you , and you re like , “ wtf are you even doing here , no one here likes you ” and she stares back w an empty smile
you goys will never understand the pain of trying to twitter on a bad 3 g connection
@sambdoodles @lesbianpapyrus i respect pronouns ofc but i 'm just saying it makes no sense to not match your gender to your pronouns there is no point to it that 's like the whole point of what pronouns is
if benjamin harrison 's nickname was ' the human iceberg ' does that make @realdonaldtrump ' the human titanic ' ?
chanhun and kyungsoo teasers today hoes 🤩 🤟 🏼
what is a jewish guy on a pile of ash ?
a family picture .
what 's the difference between cocaine and a jew ?
one is a white powder , the other is a black powder .
i 'm not sure how it works , but from what i 've heard stubhub does guarantee the tickets that are sold there will work .
gf put a random lgbtq movie on , holy crap " holding the man " made me cry
fuck i 'd fucking ruin your little pretty pussy with my cum
wow , so i 'm halfway through reading this and i 'm mortified .
the man * spat * at them virtually unprompted , which is not only disgusting and belittling , but surely has to be considered an attack using bodily fluids ? ?
this , and all of the slurs , violent language , and actual violence-- clearly this is a hate crime .
what were they expected to do ?
just .... get spat on and aggressively cat called and suck it up ?
the system is failing these women .
that made me so angry / sad .
i 'm going to finish reading it in a bit , but god .
so far .... what the hell . :(
your skin is too dark and your features are too indian .
you will never find a boyfriend with that dark skin of yours .
look at you cousin , she is beautiful and white .
boys line up around the corner to ask her out .
try to look more like her and maybe you 'll find someone .
by allah i will end your house
syrian civilians are bombed daily by their own government and fascist leader and y' all do n't think the u.s. should intervene ?
ca n't relate
never again was never supposed to be about one group .
the demonizing of muslims is way too close to what was done to the jews and slavs .
now is the time for all good people to stand up to this madness .
that the word " genocide " is tossed around so loosely and so often in the senate , in regards to bill c- 16 should certainly require a heck of a lot more open and frank discussion in parliament than its received so far .
> going to be fun when some arab state finally gets nuclear weapons and you lot all glass each other .
you should get those sociopathic tendencies treated .
> resettled with cultures less repulsive .
so sorry to hear you 're repulsed by the technological , medical , scientific and agricultural innovations you seem to be using .
might want to shut down your computer and go live in a cave with your other ' less repulsive ' friends .
why are states working separately to develop the same education standards ?
| knowledge bank via us news https://t.co/oqdihouwf5
@bdutt you have lost relevance .
out of curiosity , why are you so in love with pakistan ?
they are only < number > of the world population and trying to pretend that obama jarrett clintons do not love the muzzies more than the jews is just laughable but you keep laser focused on those jews ok someone has to stay behind
i 'm bringing booty back .
go ahead and tell them skinny bitches that .
dudes i am so gay for her
just because bjp supporters and bjp ministers talks about ethnic cleansing of indian muslims it does not mean modi is not anti muslim
i remember that period as well .
since everyone in my father 's family was anglican , and my mother 's family were all jews , it seems they were all damned .
they should be released and celebrated as heroes of morality .
confiscate the media empire of soe filth jew a d give it to these kids thrw the jew in jail for corrupting our nations youth by promoting shit for niggers
stop overreacting .
how would you guys feel about an obi - wan standalone film about him between the end of episode 3 and beginning of episode 4 ?
these people are fucking filth .
incels if i was king of the world 
 none of you would be incels
slow travel on i-35 sb : s of lorena ( fm-2837 ~ mm 322 ) to temple ( sh-53 ~ mm 301 ) - 19 miles - 35 min @ 8:02 pm # my35
bitches be trynna act ghetto af talking extra loud with a mouth full of herpes 🤢 🤮 🤮
u should leave america right now , this is opposite of what america stands for .
deport yourself and denounce your citizenship now
i 'd love to fuck that tight little asshole so hard , and in the interests of equal opps , if you feel the need to take your revenge after i 'm done ...
< user > cause she ai nt dumb she know he been hoein around with naruto cousin karin and jugo
you keep referring to events of 70 years ago as if they were yesterday .
social change moves very fast here .
and you did not address my concerns as a woman .
thanks for pointing out how hindu and muslim attitudes to women are actually very similar , they are .
the difference is hindus have not made a practice of demanding " accommodations " for religious reasons , as a non - monotheistic religion have no problem with adopting other people 's " gods " ,   and so far have integrated very well , maybe because they came here in relatively manageable numbers .
" discrimination against any group is evil .
i suppose that is hard for you to understand . "
and it seems hard for you to understand that as a woman , i am scared witless by people like you who seem totally oblivious to reality , and have not addressed my concerns at all .
as a western woman , i realize just how fragile the freedoms i take for granted are when masses of people like you and torontoguy sing the praises of muslim society as superior .
okay but y did african parents think it was funny to joke abt arranged marriages when we were younger mom i 'm not gon na marry adetunde he 's my actual cousin
interesting do you know a lot of jewish women in real life
fellow jew here .
i 've dealt with similar situations and it is always the worst .
but to deal with that from your own family ?
that 's disgusting .
i 'm sorry you went through that op .
when does a jew fuck his wife ?
when he finds a free condom .
why do people say that men are the sex with larger / more fragile egos ?
jews are smarter ?
than who ?
blacks ?
@tarekfatah historic day for modern india when pseudo secularism has finally defeated and 30 july will be remembered for the social revolution .
it 's day of liberation for muslim women .
i answered your question now answer mine are rabbis who suck baby penis pedophiles are you too chicken shit to answer a simple question i think you are it a kike thing
< user > < user > fred could nt renew his mind enough god almighty snapped his neck without violence u want do that again
this post signifies what most women think of most men
i think that 's a very uncharitable and inaccurate view of the pope .
he is dealing with a 50 year crisis going back to john xxiii that spans the globe .
there is no way he going to be able to just clean that all up in 4 years of his papacy .
also he has tried to take actions and steps and under his papacy some of the first prosecutions of abusers have taken place such as the case reported here on ncr of the priests from el salvador on trial right now due to his reforms .
so saying " he 's sorry they got caught " is a load of rubbish .
it 's easy to throw stones at the sidelines and criticize when you 're not in the position of francis inheriting a mess of global proportions as well as having to deal with entrenched resistance from the vatican .
do n't assume anything about what i believe .
i do n't walk lock - step with either party , and i know the plan is not passed or signed .
the bottom line should be taking care of the country , by both parties .
my question is not answered : the cons plan will be good for the country - how ?
if u are communicating sexually in any type of manner w a guy that has a girl & amp ; u go around bragging like it 's cute u need to revaluate&#128078;&#127996 ;
< user > is there an option to reverse the view to a dark background this white background is killing my eyes
so glad the leader of the hillbilly mafia is not in the white house happy 4 th
do not get flared up w/ this thought / some think the holocaust never really took place / some even say the chemicals were not found in the so called gas chambers / was this planned in order to create political israel ?
build a wall , take a head count , or put their kids in cages ...... you'll never get rid of the brown ppl .
they will still be next to you in walmart .
enjoy .
what 's the hardest part about having a jewish girlfriend ?
trying to get her in the oven .
now you can give all the african children burning assholes , too !
not if they attack mortgage interest - that would be just the opposite .
nice one teddy .
a bit off topic but not to be overlooked is the fact that the deficits have been higher than promised , but the infrastructure stimulus which trudeau promised would be allocated faster than any other leader could , is well behind schedule .
this means that the deficit to date has been spent elsewhere ( did they underestimate cost of their other promises , or waste ? ) ,
and going forward we are looking at even higher deficits , especially if this economic cycle has already peaked .
yo can you all go ahead and get < user > up outta there too cuz if trumps gone and he president he gon be calling folks niggers and shocking gay people on live tv talkin about its jesus time bitches
think about this ... 

 we have multiple groups ( antifa , muslims , dindus , etc ) shooting us with guns for the purpose of getting guns banned 

 and they have a whole political and media structure aiding their every attempt acting as one large demosteitc terror group 

 war is inevitable
not to be dramatic but i think this contributed to me being put off reading bc the majority of these spaces feel the exact same as straight women lauding over wanting gay men as best friends while shunning lesbians
which is why conservatives want to criminalize reproductive rights - aka abortion .
criminalize drugs that are medicine- aka marijuana .
and stifle scientific advances because capitalism benefits the cheap and cronyism benefits the pocket .
ah , i 'm unintelligent for suggesting mentally ill people should be in mental hospitals , but the guy i replied to is intelligent because he saw a felony so he should go straight to prison .
go .
fuck .
yourselves .
he really meant to say jew not zionist every kike is the same there is no good lucifer worshiping satan kissing kike in this world
brown skin girl 👸 🏾 url
i love you moreeeeee babe
all liberals christians conservatives soldiers nationalsocialists feminists gays libertarians trumpters etc want money to be happy and therefore were in reaility national capitalists nc that s the narrative jews do nt want you to hear because it would unite us vs them
prayerfully something like this may continue , especially for minorites / blacks
perhaps a third option here .
if a transcontinental wants to join the military they should be given the opportunity to undergo counseling , there are religious groups that can assist here .
for instance   focus on the family does very good work for those afflicted with same sex attractions .
it is possible for a person in this predicament to change and when they have they should be allowed to serve their country .
parents houses ?
my god . &
foot locker ?
yeah you 're definitely one of those sneaker nigger heads .
important to note in all of these stats , my ' before ' is taken from a large timespan . '
after ' has been the past 12 h , typically a slow time .
sohh hardcore nude norwegen gay callboy shemale wandlung url
if you wanna makes sense with this story , the way i always saw it was that the jews on the other side of the wall just magically turned into already existing species of apes and pigs .
and most muslims deny evolution , so it does n't matter to them if it contradicts it .
< user > i swear texas is full of white men with guns
yep i knew you were a kike you are promoting a conspiracy between trump and putin that never existed gas yourself my commie kike
why is kneeling a superior posture than standing during the liturgy ?
remember , an ecumenical council has said otherwise .
and ?
he 's jewish , right ?
and those jewish intellectual socialists need to be annihilated .
same shit , deferent century .
imagine being the parents of that degenerate
in the 2014 scottish independence referendum , doubts were cast over what currency would scotland use ?
so i wonder if canada could volunteer the bank of canada to support the value of a new scottish currency ( named the " scottish pound s£ " , perhaps ) for use in an independent scotland , for example , by the bank of canada agreeing with a new scottish central bank a reciprocal pegged exchange rate between the scottish currency and the canadian dollar ?
such an offer would help us to win another scottish independence referendum because our expectation is that the rest of the united kingdom would not wish to agree a currency union to allow an independent scotland to continue to use the great british pound , sterling , while borrowing from our central bank to finance scotland 's fiscal deficit .
the uk seems hostile to an independent scotland 's finances and so we scots do need a white knight country to come to our financial aid and i believe that canada could be scotland 's white knight .
< user > < user > white coats come along ma am hillary oh i seem to have lost a shoe white coats come along ma am
< user > i definately have to come over and visit soon 😍 😍 😍 i need to be raped by more than one
thank you .
this guy is spamming copypasta of /u / autisticsubuman on unrelated posts on unrelated subteddits
hail victory white lives matter make america white again stop white genocide this is proof what future arayn race has to face nsm 88 kk nazi american partys wail you all do nothing this is what each day draws near it does exsit black supremacy is africa new sloggen and the nigger jews here in america awaiting for white genocide
well he was wearing a hoodie ... at night ... in a gated community .
asians are < number > percent of uc irvine < number > percent of berkeley and < number > percent at ucla your grandkids will be asian and u r worried about a few jews lmao
before we blame dykes kikes spics niggas whit trash redneck honky trailer trash why do not we look at what part we played in a situation why do not e ask ourselves what could i have done to prevent it did i even try
neetism and inceldom 
 do you think there is a relationship between being a neet and an incel ?
people of color ca nt be expected to have i d , you are a racist bigot who is spreading nazi ideology time to stop listening to maga talking points , you sick disgusting bigot
why does the house insist on fucking up when i 'm home alone
that s not an argument the imbalance we see with american boys shying away from useful college degrees is going to lead us to import more and more asians that have the skills to fill the labor market demand
liberal bigotry against the jewish began a long time ago .
out damned spot , out .
me2 fuck you cnn whores queers jews
trump should call for a < number > day waiting period on bridges built by wetback girls
dumbest decision i have ever had was to buy a white suede shoes
well when u have zionists in power what the fuck u expect .
study their ideology and maybe all these sacrifices will make sense .
look at what the jews have contributed to the world : medicine , science , technology , education , morality , etc .
what have the muslims given us ?
suicide bombing , veiled women , flying planes into office buildings , underage sex , etc .
the arabs have a large portion of the world , and they can take in their bretheran rather than have alaska foot the bill .
at least he is human kike rat
okay ... so just honestly think about that though .
i would be curious what the bones of the stanford paper actually said ( do you have it ? ) ...
but considering there is currently no vehicle that is ubiquitously able to drive itself , and to employ the abilities that a total network of self driving cars might entail ... i would be skeptical of thinking it will be a quick replacement .
the benefits of reduced travel time through greater unison does n't apply to older vehicles , and that is removing the regulations aside .
also .
hyperloop will be a failure .
if the recent tests are any measure , it will be a spectacular failure .
with my deepest respect to potus .... 

 qvo vadis , trump ?
what do police cruisers and gas chambers have in common ?
they only open from the outside
know who your enemies are .or the enemy of human rights and life .. wahabis and zionists are on the same page .. death to israel .death to the saudi wahabi
my dog is number 1 bae and way over these hoes & # 128514;&#10084;&#65039 ;
“ we are not calling for the slaughter of white people ‚ at least for now … the rightful owners of the land are black people .
no white person is a rightful owner of the land here in sa and the whole of the african continent . ”
julius malema 
 “ i want to clense this country of all white people .
we must act as hitler did to the jews .
i do n’t believe any more that there is a large number of not so racist white people . ”
velaphi khumalo 
 “ f * * * white people .
just get me a bazooka or ak-47 so i can do the right thing and kill these demon - possessed humans . ”
luvuyo menziwa 
 “ if it was n’t for this generic error called mutation , the white f****s would have never existed .
you are the original mother f****s . ”
tlou molele 
 “ i will with no mercy cut their ( white people ’s ) tongue out with a machete and i will enjoy to hear them begging for forgiveness and watch them cross the boarders with their belongings . "
vuyiswa bhefile ka hlazo
@andrewpollackfl @realdonaldtrump this is their response to trump supporters shooting up places .
people of color should be happy they have their shitty underpaid jobs .
how about you go after trump supporters shooting up places instead ?
surrounded by 500 million arabs , easily incited to violence by their greedy and power hungry leaders , israel faces an existential threat like no other country in the world .
arab attempts to liquidate the jews is well documented even before 1948 .
in 1967 israel faced imminent threat of extermination with egypt 's gamal abdel nasser promissing to push the jews into the sea .
but thank g - d israel prevailed and also took the opportunity to liberate and repossess its lost ancestral lands , judea and samaria .
historically , legally and morally , this land belongs to the hebrew nation , today 's jews .
no amount of twisting facts and misleading information will change the above realities .
not even an arab - muslim dominated u.n. will change hallucinatory wishful thinking .
is that what the money from this tax goes towards , health care costs ?
or does it add to the obesity of our governments spending addiction ?
do not deny it wasn t a scary few days he did immediately blame both sides dems say not enough on mon he does not mention the violence of antifa blm only condemns kk white supremacists nazis the altright had the permit with zero police protection beaten maced an error on trumps part
listen up , the only way you do nothings can fix it is to not give them legal status , if you want to allow the millions of them to stay fine , but they have no status , they are illegal no matter how they got here .
let them apply and then go the very back of the line , no social security , no better health care than you give wounded veterans .
certainly no free college or preferences when it comes to college admissions , just start the process correctly or just get a paid ticket to where their mamas came from .
it is time to put legal americans first .
a friend is looking for a lgbt friendly christian podcast .
trans - inclusive or non binary would be best if that exists .
their local christian radio leaves them feeling blue most days .
the only one i could think of was " house for all sinners and saints " @sarcasticluther   help ?
did anyone realize what i said in my post about my daddy shooting me with my hand on the dial of a mtv station was a joke ? ? ? ?
88 crissy
what a weak ass bitch
this < allcaps > is the < allcaps > fattest < allcaps > man < allcaps > alive < allcaps > [ removed ]
i do n't like the us so i going to bomb israel .
op is a homophobic pile of shit .
there now you got your murder by words .
i will hold out hope that one day you will be less of a dickhead .
it seems trump wants to curb immigration to the usa from certain muslim countries in the middle east .
when muslims must follow islam and the verses in the qur'an , the holy book of the religion islam , and when many verses in the qur'an call for jihad ( struggle ) and when about 100 verses in the qur'an call for the destruction of jews , christians and non believers , maybe it 's a good idea not to allow muslims into the u.sa .
from countries where radicals faithfully follow islam and the verses in the qur'an and when one ca n't distinguish moderate muslims from radicals .
maybe , the u.s.a. and other western countries should think about allowing muslims into their countries only after muslims have renounced the verses in the qur'an that call for jihad ( struggle ) and have renounced the verses in the qur'an call for the destruction of jews , christians and non believers .
would that work ?
could we believe them ?
enjoyed " wild , " digging the female - centered story , wish we made more nuanced , deep stories like it with nonwhite casts .
my aesthetic : having crushes on men who are a ) fictional characters b ) do n't know i exist c ) live at least 3,000 miles away
i am the collector of all white sauces
u really think i a going t waste my time on this antisemitic trope mein little nazi u lost get over it arablies i am an expert on nazilies and their mental affliction srael rising why not have a day of rage like the arabs do
heard st. louis got some maui boys coming over this year .
with all this racism still alive and well in 2019 , the conclusion is simple .
white people are evil down to their very core white people have hate in their heart plain and simple .
happy   to read you were not hurt .
can loud noises help   let the moose know you are in the area like for bears ?
according to the catechism , it is .
being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure , her being a paedophile protecting globalist zionist cunt is her own making , as a human , and i use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart !
nigga i love joyners music but fuckk isis & fuck the american army too , u guys ai nt worth shit and do nt have the balls to battle on field xd hshtagtank hashtagnuclear hashtagairplanes # fortheinnocent # childrenkillers
that pope is compromised and that baldy miget bastard higgins is a closet sodomite .... i would n't listen to either of the bought and paid for dirty globalist pigs .... 🇮 🇪 🇮 🇪
question that needs answering 
 is it socially acceptable to see prostitutes at 18
join the army andrew torba serve your country and not jew masters you faggot defend free speech with your life not your wallet kike loving piece of fuck
you know what 's anne frank 's favourite song is this girl is on fire
do you think islam will allow the jews to run the show once they re < number > billion of them
he 's deadass got giant red lips you slackjawed mook
anthony bourdain was a kike that advocated for white genocide good riddance
yes we need a different kind of reporting !
try telling the truth for a change !
thank you ... i hope thay you all injojed in last passed football match croatia - england ... we was nt so much amused by losing the match ...
t1 : two ground outs and a liner back to the mound give ladrech a 1 - 2 - 3 inning in the 1st .
bears grab the bats for the first time today .
did you know that ray was not the inventor of the x - rays ?
he was his little brother .
and calls ! ! !
i do it daily myself .
hot phat ass stash big this nigger this nigger
yeah my mom went on about condemning gays and i said the same book literally demands stoning unmarried non - virgin women , and told her she 'd win this argument once i get stoned to death in town square
if you wanna makes sense with this story , the way i always saw it was that the jews on the other side of the wall just magically turned into already existing species of apes and pigs .
and most muslims deny evolution , so it does n't matter to them if it contradicts it .
" people are fucking pissing me off .
had a " " friend " " on fb think i was joking when i told others about fil 's death .
he thought it was af 's joke "
those scars ( either physical or emotional ) stay with that person for the rest of his / her life , sometimes even become the reason of its end
if u do n't read ur bible now , u will become a slave to charlatans like rabbi john hagee .
yeah they are not making fun tho they are acting like he legitimately meant cp and it making them look retarded and making people who are not joking about it look retarded and people who actually argue with them look retarded lol twitter is just a mess lately
why do you have to pray 3 times a day ?
it does n't seem to help .
islam   still wants to exterminate jews and infidels .
it is very suspicious what you are praying for .
i am such a shady hoe omg
our cultural commonalities with india are numerous some observe that india is our greatest ally in the region but they are unaware of it because we usually ignore them most people admire gandhi for his peaceful solutions his own people killed him over muzzie issues
where are the women whose fetish is someone ugly as fuck 
 that 's what we really need
so let me get this straight last year activists made a big stink about no blacks at the oscars and this year an all black cast with a black director won best picture you want me to believe this was based on talent maybe do not make a stink
@realdonaldtrump # istandwithbeto we 're not taking your sh*t anymore .
you do n't get a pass .
you do n't get to spew heartfelt racist rhetoric then expect a thank you when you read a cold speech from a teleprompter .
you are racist & the world knows it . #
elpasostrong   url
do you ever wanna run away ?
do you lock yourself in your room with the radio on turned up so loud that no one hears you 're screaming ?
oh yes malaysia one of the moslem invaded county they say are peaceful iv been there many times and if you say the wrong words outside the city they will drag you by the feet behind a truck until your skin melts
all you ghetto hoes wanna do is fight over these niggas sis get a job
and it the same retarded re muh joz who hate the removal of topics
what 's the difference between santa and a jew well for starters santa goes down a chimney
idk wtf people are hating on @wweromanreigns but the hell with y' all ! !
i support @wweromanreigns all the way forever ! ! ! !
prepare for a nuclear attack - good one .
creating a straw man are we ?
you might wait at least wait until there ' s an issue .
# followfriday ✨ 

 @lovelymiss 
 @jimlosi 
 @ravicrux 
 @kgrace 
 @seaknight 
 @umbra 
 @sidephase 
 @bbgood
i live in homer and in early 2000 i worked with the city on some wildlife issues .
however , i did learn a lot about homer 's   future plans of development and the money that was dedicated to the project of re - building the facilities   on the homer spit .
many residents just ignored that those plans included increasing the homer spit boat docking facilities to be capable of taking care of the ships needed to ferry goods ad people back and forth to the future site of pebble mine .
the city got the money and did the work of building a deep water docks needed for this venture .
most people i would say it was to encourage the passenger liners to come to homer ( we only get a few a year ) and surveys on the cruise line passengers show a strong dislike of homer since it is so far from town center .
homer is the perfect spot for tending to pebble mine since it is on the road system n plenty of space to build new homes for the potential workers to live .
almost , can say " told " you so !
bigly , bigly , bigly , hombre , sniff , sniffle , snort
another win for the jv softball team over central crossing .
18 - 3 winners ! ! !
keep up the great work ladies ! ! !
what do hitler and thanos have in common ?
they both did nothing wrong .
these filthy yellow color jews jelly of our ivory color skin
< user > i am done w jewish women saying white women like themselves should hate themselves for being white lena dunham sarah silverman amy schumer do not mention they are jewish women who want white women to hate themselves it so sickening
the underclass in white countries has better standards of life than in their native countries unless people make explicit nazi states that pattern will not change
why do jews have such big noses ?
the air is free
if you are looking for a great book with insightful historical content read thomas sowell black rednecks white liberals an amazing book from a brilliant economist
tragically hip are tragically the worst music in canada .
no one likes them outside canada .
more people like justin bieber .
i 'm fucking meeting aj lee with my wrestling mom @nicoletishaa & # 128153 ;
what band is n't allowed to tour syria anymore ?
my chemical romance
meanwhile jews are murdering people every day .
" just about everything about puerto rico ’s filing is unprecedented .
the island owes about seven times more in bonded debt than did detroit , and its government ’s pension funds are in much worse shape .
its recovery plan envisions paying only about $ 800 million a year on its debt , when it would need four times that much to satisfy its obligations . "
https://www.city-journal.org/html/isle-indebtedness-15183.html 

 compare & contrast our state 's situation and you can readily see the parallels .
" it has asked some bondholders to take as little as 58 cents on the dollar ; bond creditors have balked and sued , which prompted the bankruptcy filing .
creditors worry , as in the case of detroit and before that of stockton and vallejo , that they will be asked to take the biggest fall , with the demands of government workers given precedence over investors — and all under bankruptcy terms that , until last year , did n’t even exist . "
< user > republicans don ’ t hate gays
sue arrest it the same shit strong arm of the law because someone misinterprets a post on social media why do you love jews so much
this is a an obvious ploy to appeal to the union sector of the voting public .
a non starter for the us and no doubt the libs know this .
very   cynical .
however , those right to work laws usually have a very deleterious effect on working conditions of unionized workers .
in wisconsin for example , the teaching profession i gather is in   disarray because of these laws , with teachers leaving the field and public schools having a tough time   hiring competent ones .
donald trump just blamed all the muslims for the problems in the world ...... 
  adolf hitler blamed all of the jews for all of the problems in the world ....... 

 supporters of trumpelthinskin not only are you uneducated you are the problem ! ! !
you also lost the popular vote and trump has some of the lowest approval ratings in the past hundred years of a president going in the office those are called facts ...... 
  i know it 's hard for you to understand !
putin is massing troops on his eastern border with alaska ........ 

 fox news will not tell you the truth until it is way too late !
trumpelthinskin is selling alaska back to russia ! ! ! ! !
buh bye   comrades 

 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨
trans women are women and if you disagree fuckin unfollow me
@excusemyextraz most definitely better get all the bread out a old nigga , but for us young niggas nah do n't trick on nothing , but yo girl .
if niggas single shit got ta be 50/50 .
if you drop a baby and a jew off of a roof at the same time , which one will hit the ground first ?
the baby .
the jew will be dispersed by the wind .
you mean the drunken , grotesquely fat martin luther that was known as a glutton ?
the same one that published various books inciting hatred against jews ?
that guy ?
by the way , you probably already know , but what the heck : for more than 1500 years , the only reason there was such a thing as a christian is because there was a church .
care to guess which one that was ?
that should make the post mortem complicated and interesting .
having all of the extra ccw cowboys at walmart in thornton made 
 that scene much harder to unwind than it had to be .
agreed .
no argument is valid and not one politician can logically explain why canada has any involvement .
need my got damn nails done tomorrow after work real bad & # 128553 ;
one guy shot up planned parenthood .
one guy shot up a church .
one side has been preaching the politics of if it white it ai n't right .
your feeble attempts to try and pin this on the jewish community cause trump so idiotically did it , does n't actually make any sense .
this has been happening world wide for the past few months .
what is the motivation for the jewish communtiy , the idea that they are attacking themselves with absolutely no evidence is silly at best and neo - nazistic at worst .
if they ban the celtic cross as a hate symbol it 'll make every graveyard in ireland a shrine with thousands crosses in them around or country
hozier — take me to church he said fuck the homophobic church community and fuck the government , too .
url
can you please stop pretending religions are real ?
its fucking 2019 .
we do nt need this crap anymore ... and " dark spirits " ?
tell me , who was it again that ordered unruly infants to be smashed on rocks , or tore up infants for making a joke , or explained how to treat and keep your slaves , ordered genocide , committed genocide , inquisition , looks away when your kids get molested ?
oh right , your supposed god !
fucking hypocrisy , no wonder your country is failing .....
i do nt recall any nigger lives matter sites getting de platformed they actually encouraged and supported and got cops blown away ds is just based whites white pride reaction to genocide is nt supremacy the real supremacists i see are niggers jews hajjis wimminazis sodomites bolshies
i am so happy we got rid of that disgusting navy blue belt thing from last season kit the all white kit looks so clean
i thought only the jews got numbers on their arms
sad ending for a great season .
i think the overtime play tuesday had its toll on the legs .
no bounce in serves and   late on middle block .
thank you coach and players for the nice run .
get them next year .
go bows ! ! !
terrorists did n't round up the jews in germany and systematically kill them : the state did .
his message was crap , too .
nazis : let 's exterminate the jews !
soviets : let 's kill a ton of our people multiple times !
matter of fact do n't lecture me about spending my money at all .
you not paying for anything in my life it 's none of your business .
why did auschwitz need showers ?
because of the dirty jews
some other kike company will buy them out so yeah
in your opinion , is it inappropriate to have a " men only " section of the western wall ?
i think it 's inappropriate .
what about you ?
and back to the original question , which you did n't answer , are girls allowed to lead these muslim prayers in these canadian schools ?
if not , is that wrong ?
i think it is .
what do you think ?
or used hilary 's server to send him an email ...
i saw the movie , ha - ha .
she was a nobody singer in a her husband 's restaurant and left her husband to be with the rich , also married kroc .
yes , that definitely has affected my read of the article .
alcohol is legal being obese is legal damn you are fucking retarded it may be their choice but their choice was a legal choice based on us law cocaine is not legal retard
time for a alberta premier that will actually stand up for alberta .
do n't hurt yourself rachel .
why do not jews like oral sex its too close to the gas chamber
what 's the difference between an african child and a jew one 's seen an oven before
dad why are there no jews on jupiter because its a gas planet son
askstacey how do we get more women like you on the beeb and in the biz we need your honesty and empathy
back in my day we just put the jews in the oven
old papaw says it put the jews at bay so they stopped making virgin sacrifices to satan
the country where men are legally most equal to women 
 does anyone have an idea about which western country that could be ?
if hot girls do n't approach you in the club it 's over 
 o v e r 

 you are not chad / normie and forever doomed
palestinian killed by israeli army gunfire on gaza border   url
the biggest contributors can be laid at the feet of the et al guys : neocons running the show for reagan and bush jr. clinton after all was running a 100 billion+ surplus when jr took over and obama had to deal with the w designed / executed general economic and financial collapse , the biggest since the 1930 's .
and besides- that 20 tr is nothing compared to the unfunded   100 tr in social liabilities the us government is currently on the hook for .
i wish i could latch and suck on your big nipples and areolas , and then lick on your fat swollen pussy .
< user > hanging out kike moose nuts lol i got ta grin from ya
we need to take on police unions they protect these nazis in blue uniforms we see out there terrorizing people
is the state so wise that it should be driving investment decisions ?
i would suggest a review of its past investment history to predict its future success ; after you are done with that review , perhaps we should tone down the ' alaska government will make this work ' rhetoric .
so that way if some cowardly kike wants to push her narrative it can still be seen and challenged by the public
paul nehlen is totally ourguy was on fash the nation posts helicopter memes on twitter trolls jews on twitter with the my fellow whites meme true american nationalist to the core unlike trump proposes anti censorship legislation nehlen2018 electnehlen
dante1969 writes : 

 " obama you sure have turned into quite the stooge . "
---------- 

 he did n't turn into anything .
he always was that , you guys were just unable to see it back in 2008 .
i firmly believe that there will be conservatives who are no where near the alt right that will get purged twitter policies are purely situational and they define violence as anything a conservative or libertarian tweets
if his jew lawyers do n't set this beast free again .... hopefully he 'll get to rot in prison .
why should i waste any more of my time showing you research(which you would dismiss out of hand anyway ) that were you at all of an open mind you could easily find yourself on that thing called the internet .
you trot out some hair - brained scheme(nuclear winter ) and present that as the only alternative to business as usual .
nothing more to be said except this : 

 here 's a great ' solution ' for you , right up your alley .
let your offspring ( and their decendants ) figure it out by living and dying with the consequences .
i 'm sure they 'll be most understanding of your point of view .
i feel most fortunate not to have any heirs to leave this " legacy " to .
when i was a kid i wanted to be a girl so bad .
i have an older sister and i always thought that her dresses and stuff were so pretty .
fast forward 20 years and i 'm a straight guy .
i have no want to cross dress or be trans at all .
does the poster claim to be a christian , ?
yes ... i see it in the statement that the he answers back when attacked ... espousing the teachings blessed are the meek , turn the other cheek , blessed when persecuted , etc ... yup ... perhaps an ex - christian .... sigh ... jesus would be pleased to see how his outspoken follower demonstrates his teachings ... yes ... so much for " if you love me , keep my commands . "
" " " you & amp ; me , we 're under the same sky but we ca n't meet , but believe in me , i 'll be there for you " " & # 128420 ; "
lol the same bitches who have gotten cheated on fuck niggas with girlfriends
if its that hot in germany why did they need those outdoor ovens in auschwitz ?
or were the jews cold ?
official isis communique paddock 's name is 
 abu abd abdulbar al ameriki .
well , if another provincial election is called and , if the remaining 43 % of registered voters turn out to vote , we probably would be more surprised with the results .
that 's over 1,300,000 registered voters - http://electionsbcenr.blob.core.windows.net/electionsbcenr/total-registered-voters.pdf - who just did n't care enough to show up at the polls in may.
just tried to make myself cookies and i fucking burnt them !
whyyyyy
what is gone with the wind ?
anne frank 's ashes .
yes , that 's a bad idea .
the iran nuclear deal is keeping iran 's nuclear ambitions in check for a while .
it 's not the very best deal , but it is far better than the deal we have with n.korea .
" imam calling for jews to be killed in sermon at montreal mosque draws police complaint "
hbd to my niggers
i am not apart of the black community my community is the circle i have created comprised of people i love and respect i was raised around my black relatives but not ghetto black culture there is a huge difference between marvin gaye and snopp dog
altright is not limited to whites those dems are also going to be pushed into embracing their white identity altright is the most reality aligned political movement and so it will become the new right and displace the uniparty
stc may be designated a high density node in planning documents , but it is far from being an actual high density node .
stc is surrounded by parking lots , low density commercial and parkland , which is then surrounded by low density residential and industrial uses .
i wish every person on the planet died of anus rape
i have never had cramps so bad in my fucking life . & #
128530 ;
thanks for following @ericabbott29 @arktin @learnt @rxrankings
right ..... when was the last time a christian flew a plane into a building in the name religion ? ?
when was the last time a jew strapped a bomb on their child and sent them off to kill in the name of jihad ? ?
islam = seventh century death cult 

  just wondering
it 's those darn istanbul settlements .
time for kerry and obama to condemn those muslims .
oh , i forgot .
no jews involved .
is the white guilt thing over with yet ?
vigilante tactics ?
seriously ?
i 'm against the lists because they are too broad and do n't take into account the ability for someone to change .
but vigilante tactics ?
overreact much .
what does this have to do with the corruption talked about in the article ?
are you saying that the entire us navy has been corrupt since 1967 ?
why do you hate jews because of what president johnson did ?
was he jewish ?
" so , the clerks who wrote the final draft of the us constitution included " a.d " . "
------------- 
 the " founding fathers " could write .
and they did n't write " ad " as you hope .
they wrote " in the year of our lord ... " which does n't refer to mohammad , buddha , or the apostle paul .
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 
 " at the time , because that was the thing to do , it was done by christians without thinking . "
---------- 
 so you would have wrote that ?
because you are a non - thinking non - christian who does what everyone else does ?
it was written that way because a good many ( not all , but most ) of our founding fathers were christians and that is the way they dated important documents , to signify that " the date " was " truly " " in the year of our lord .... " 
 - 
 by the way , keep it up .
i love - love - comments that allow me to respond with references to god , jesus , and the bible .
why does this article not give more background information on the subject ?
some of the comments below suggest that there is more to the story .
surely , even a basic investigation could have uncovered some actual facts .
which one of these two was hitler 's punchline ?
make germany great again or feel the burn ?
robert davi hollywood and anti trump actors should invite illegal immigrants to oscars oscars2017 and better yet the celebrities should invite a few illegals or refugees to live with them wonder how long they would want them to bunk at their houses
because they deserve at least a taste of it for helping the white liberals and jews push it on us i do n't think we should allow it to destroy them though .
conversely minority women who want a child have been ignored .
birth control pills are affordable but infertility treatment is not and is not covered by many health insurance plans or by planned parenthood .
in the state of hawai'i , one ivf cycle is covered for straight couples only !
and excludes gay and lesbian couples .
all women matter .
" the reasons minority women are less likely to access art include cost , education and cultural beliefs .
several recent studies have shown that african – american women wait much longer before seeking treatment for fertility services . "
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3595611/
and that not even the last worst of what he did he claims he raped and murdered < number > girls in the < number > but would toy with the investigators by confessing and then later saying he did not remember etc
" someone described jonghyun as a " " k - pup artist " " and that 's honestly the cutest think i 've ever heard & # 128557 ; "
@graham_goulden people do things they think they will get away with .
currently in america racism at all levels is on that list .
apparently they thought this was okay because the rope was tied to handcuffs and not his wrists !
" attention all you jews , slaughter each other please "
have but fuck the grammar nazis
i as a taxpayer would n't because the rich , not the middle class , would pay for it .
and right now younger healthier people are continuing to opt out of the system because it is too expensive for them .
asking someone who is only making $ 45 k per year , is already living paycheck to paycheck , and is n't receiving subsidies to pay $ 500 + for a product with a huge deductible is patently unfair .
if you want to get more healthy younger people into the market , you will need to subsidize it more .
anyone who uses the term " hasbara " or " hasbara town "   should be ignored as this is a traditional dog whistle call for jew haters .
* * she is a whore . * *
not only that ... but a stupid , popularized whore by jewish media .
do n't believe me , go look it up yourself .
look deeper than wikipedia you toolbag blowout tryhards aka knights if woman can ruin a mans life over it , then why ca n't men ruin woman for no cause ?
or is that to ' hypocritical ' for you dark ass loving mother fuckers .
ps : * * special * * bonus points to the first brain dead , ball sucking retarded person to report this
normies answer this fucking question 
 do you want me to get a gf
being an addict for 15 years the money i 've spent has only been in the 200 hundred range because i 've been blessed and fortunate for others to give me stuff i know it 's not a thing to brag about just had this on my mind and wanted to share
indonesians can now travel to 70 countries without a visa .
they have enormous choice .
australia not only requires a visa , but also charges each holidaymaker from indo $ 140.00 just to apply .
lost opportunity for australia ; lost opportunity to get to know each other .
@6pr # abcnews
she looks like a jewish girl about to be exterminated in a concentration camp
dam 😵 bitch you ai nt gone say hay
wonderful .
thank you for a moment of simply letting this expression of faith flow over me .
i needed it .
hope there will be more of this .
if god chooses political leaders , then god also chose vladimir putin , bashar al - assad , and kim jung un .
by the author 's logic , we need to be honoring them too .
arriving on the unstable island as lava begins raining down , the expedition uncovers a conspiracy that could return our entire planet to a perilous order not seen since prehistoric times .
esau 's the damn devil the bible speaks of ... that 's why god rejected esau and all you other nations that had the real jews in captivity ! ! !
but in the new kindom of god we will have our foot on your necks thus saith the lord of the real jews !
revelations 2:9 that 's for you peckerwoods in israel now that are n't the real jews ! ! !
stinking heathens ! !
eastern europeans have no more right to be in ireland than people from elsewhere .
when the # democrats shut down gov't last time , they blamed republicans 

 and , obama shut down agencies that would hurt # wethepeople 

 # presidenttrump will force # democrats to own this shutdown 

 and he will shut down agencies they hold near and dear so they feel the pain this time
damn no wonder they have n't been to america in 20 years ..... this bitch ca n't even say detroit 😳 url
its hard to know how any government erecting a monument to remember the holocaust - which was launched by the hitler government with the express purpose of eliminating every jew in europe and which resulted in over 6 million jewish murders - could be stupid or careless enough not to bother mentioning jews .
if not a matter of stupidity and/or carelessness perhaps one factor was seeming to be too supportive of israel and the jewish people might cost the pm votes in the notoriously israel - hostile un when the 2 year term on the security council comes up in 2021 .
i doubt raging anti - semites work in the pmo or exist among liberal mps ( although my liberal mp is a muslim who formerly headed a canadian muslim organization that fought for sharia law in ontario and that provided financial and other support to the terrorist organizations hamas and hezbollah ) .
this mp is the parliamentary secretary to minister freeland in foreign affairs .
the harper government stood tall in supporting israel !
< user > why does my clone get to have fun that faggot can go to class like the bitch he is
how do you fake the gdp ?
it 's not a secret , the ndp is a clown show of washed up union leaders and the last time they were in power , they were rewarded with an incredible two whole seats - what does bc expect this time around ?
carol james , adriane dix , jinny simms , horgan ... the old band is back together because they never left .
this is going to be painful to watch .
$ 40 million would be pennies on the dollar compared to the economic damage from an ndp government with the combine economic acumen of a clown shoe .
that would give arab gangs a great chance to kill defenseless jews , they do it very well and with great enthusiasm .
sorry malumba , your brothers finished off the jews , now they are almost done with christians , and moderate muslims will go next .
you wait your turn , and do n't be surprised .
well at least they have no fear of speaking up for their race try to find that in a white politician jews do it blacks do it arabs do it metizos do it
obsessed with life ?
happy to be .
i 'm a born again abolitionist and a fan of saving the jews from the nazi 's .
glad that there were people obsessed with protecting the life of slaves , jews , and the unborn .
would that more people were obsessed with the truth within god 's gift of life .
know thy history , because the kosher version is n't what happened during the 1930s germany .
it was justified and it was humane . *
they * want you to believe otherwise , at all costs , let it seem like the best option out of this clown world .
[ 1 ] on this edition of on watch , judicial watch director of investigations and research chris farrell takes you halfway around the world and back , beginning in el paso where an islamic terrorist cell has been operating on the southern border for years ,
move to a communist country , curmudgeon , life gets even better there .
i 'm sure the commies will be more than happy to accommodate .
are these the same approval numbers that said hillary is leading trump by 10 points early morning november 8 ?
@chief louie you mean " make britain white again " right ?
yes wazdat .
we 're waiting ,
< user > you only dislike him cuz he ain t musty trailer trash like the pink dick you normally go for
@ivankatrump there is no god , you useless , vapid bag of hot air
i feel so shiftless , no good and guilty .
i might go wait by the bench .
i 'm glad she is running .
very happy to have her as my state rep .
regarding : " but , it strikes me that naumann 's edict will do more harm than good , making the church look narrow and self - obsessed , unhealthy and disengaged , instead of evangelizing , open and pursuing the common good . "
- in any case , the heads of any domestic church who are also parents or guardians who wish to engage with the gs will in all likelihood withdraw their daughters from a parish troop and enroll them in a troop sponsored by another christian church , or religious institution , or civic organization .
- in the moderate to long term this will add another layer of scheduling complexity for the heads of the domestic church as they decide when and in what manner to engage with the schedules of the parochial or local church .
oh bobby b you 're such a fuckboi
i 'm of italian decent .
a lot of my family members and other fellow italian - americans are very big on " their roots " .
i do n't really care .
i 'm more interested in having things in common with the people around me , enjoying the things i like , and being an overall decent moral person .
the traditions of my ancestors are n't important to me , only the traditions of my immediate family are .
i think it will be good if we see more international commonalities , particularly in this era of connectivity .
times change .
those damned rabbis already ate it in front of me , the sick fucks .
i 'll get back at them by taking skin grafts from their penises and gluing them onto mine .
yup ... sure fire way .... no pun intended ..... to become a bullet magnet by using the vehicle as a weapon ..
you went racist because your fat white girls kept dumping you for black guys .
actually , it was before then .
< user > or the gay person is open about their sexuality like wow what a miracle
why did full blow porn just pop up on my tl 😒 which one of you niggers
canada 's ability to draw skilled immigrants has led to this fantastic economic boom .
when , and not if , canada 's housing bubble pops , you will see that immigration engine go into reverse and things will be very unpleasant .
canadians do n't get it , your country collapsed in the 90 's .
immigration has been propping it up for the last 3 decades .
everything outside the the gta is like a time warp back to 1980 .
acid attacks , honour killings , fgm , breast ironings , forced marriages - this shit ai n't nothin' new .
close the fucking borders already .
you are shaking benjamin .
is your script not updating fast enough ?
your writers over at the jidf should step up their game .
you need new talking points .
url - politics / less - americans - support - israel - than - ever - before - poll - finds-582628 url people have had it up to here with you fucking child murderers .
so you 're done with all ... that ?
what are you , 175 years old ?
gosh golly how dare she respond @potatottamus @professorf @chrisvcsefalvay
i question your mental state , media constantly referring to first black president , he;s not he is bi racial , according to your twisted mind that makes me a racist or something .
national post report jewish donors are angry and i mention that and its illegal .
go work for the thought police or nkvd !
i feel so sorry for all you people living there , wish you could all move here hopefully you do n't suffer like your neighbours in zimbabwe .
i have no idea why anyone would care about jereb whoever that is the adl on the other hand is a large and well armed force completely loyal to jews and only jews that has almost completely undermined white america the only america and must be destroyed
how do you call a jewish pokémon trainer ?
ash .
the bottom half is jewish as he is circumcised
action opportunity : foster child lives also matter in oregon where corruption and negligence has led to " horrifying conditions "
must kill collabvm users for the glory of allah
all kike konstructs
what 's the difference between pizza and jews ?
pizza does n't scream when it goes in the oven .
not if you have a weak stomach or a need to hear about what he would like to do to women as in multiple in his sex life he a low life degenerate he thrives on attention any kind kincannon
good idea but three problems - 1 .
irving uses light crude not the heavy crude that we produce and are having difficulty marketing to existing markets , apparently ; 2 .
irving has said it has no intention of giving up its long term contract with the saudis ; 3 .
it costs us $ 10 a barrel to transport oil to the east coast where the price is maybe $ 5 higher than the price we get now .
spending $ 10 to earn $ 5 sounds like a bad idea to me .
the west coast and asia and kxl to the us gulf coast are better options , i think .
you are the reason people call blacks " niger " .
got it ?
how can you say like that to someone who is being degraded by the white because of mainly her skin color ?
i believe the us military is compromised and our enemy why jews own
i always regret to be a yoruba man very useless tribe that cares not about the future they have changed the story , is she killed by armed robbers , unknown men or fulani herdsman .
what do you call an asian woman on the moon ?
an astronaut you sexist racist pigs .
a nazi and a jew walk into a bar .
who picks up the tab ?
nobody , the jew is settled with the heating bill .
rich old white guy tries to rewrite history .
university of connecticut researcher thomas craemer estimates black slaves were forced to do $ 14 trillion worth of free labour for white slave owners .
that figure is arrived at by tabulating how many hours all slaves — men , women and children — worked in the united states from when the country was established in 1776 until 1865 , when slavery was abolished .
this total is multiplied by average wage prices at the time , and then a compounding interest rate of 3 percent per year ( more than making up for inflation ) is added .
faber claims the u.s. had 200 years of economic success due to white majority .
the truth is the white majority enjoyed 200 years of success because it stole $ 14 trillion from its black slaves at gun point .
faber 's delusional white supremacist claims are similar to those who claim the holocaust did not occur .
no wonder companies are ditching him .
dolphins are the most friendly animals .
they even smile when they 're dead .
the germans today are the same blind brainless follow - the - leader sheep they were in 1933 and throughout their history .
the self - destructive insanity of merkel 's immigration policies is just as insane as hitler 's policies .
the only difference is that hitler sought genocidal extermination of the jews and others while merkel and her german sycophants seek to exterminate themselves ( and the rest of native christian europe ) .
you need some splaining .
the term liability insurance versus car insurance !
what a distinction !
it is commonly called car insurance and it is the same .
it is mandate for personal responsibility .
the mandate protects me against you .
if you go to the emergency room but do not have health insurance or the ability to pay the excessive costs of care , you will still get care and the rest of us end up paying through increased costs .
the individual mandate ( and medicaid expansion ) was accompanied by a decrease in annual payments to hospitals by the federal government to compensate for unpaid for care by people that do not have health insurance .
we the people end up paying for your care .
insurance rates for the rest of us were higher as well and insurance rates were rising astronomically .
the individual mandate is also essential to the business aspect of insurance for risk pools .
this is a capitalist need .
and -   you know that you are allowed to own a home without insurance , right ?
he communist and a faggot and kisses kike ass too
trump again is all about talk , talk , talk .
without any real understanding of the divisions in that part of the world and the years and years of acrimony trump will fail and then place the blame on others .
that has always been his " negotiating " strategy .
true peace will come only when the people living there learn to put aside their historical animosities and set a plan for the growth and development of that region .
the fact that soooooo many ' christians ' exist to be able to elect this waste of human skin is really a verdict on all org religions .
there were plenty of ny / east coast jews that voted for this criminal .
spread that blame around ... 

 my atheism stands tall in these modern times .
morally , there would be no way i 'd vote for such a horrible human being .
just want people with short tempers to stay the fuck away from me .
sick of walkin on eggshells for anyone .
1 .
i see the same doctor .
2 .
both my employer 's uhc premiums increased and my premiums and deductibles increased , to the point where they got rid of uhc and went with cigna .
our insurance plan was mandated ( by aca ) to go away this year and offer us less coverage because it was considered one of the " cadillac " plans defined under aca .
so , the " if you like your health plan , you can keep your health plan was a pure lie " .
also , the part about everyone 's costs going down was a lie .
you simply cannot add millions of uninsured people to coverage , and not have the middle - class 's costs go up .
the rich , although taxed a little more under obama , were not paying the preoprtionate increase .
obamacare was a pyramid scheme - based on the young and healthy paying for the poor and uninsured .
but , many of them preferred to take the tax hit instead of buying health insurance .
the real problems , neither side are addressing .
control medical prices .
then worry about the uninsured .
how do you turn a christian into a jew ?
cremate him
well in english it means means a bunch of degenrate men or women fucking their own gender .
you are very stupid normie .
what do i love the most about my jewish girlfriend ?
dat ash
what kind of ironic about this is that a lot of deep ghetto blacks have asiatic eyes anyone else notice the same thing
you know nothing about our uncle except whatever jew fantasies are out there and if ya wanna go that tactic you must side with the antifa faggots since they hate nazis also go be a kike somewhere else
man fucks jewish peeps with hot gas
stop pushing homosexuality in your movies , it 's wrong and a dangerous lifestyle .
your brainwashing children into a horrible way of life .
typical jew liberal pedo liberal hollywood at pixar .
fine by me ... but i trust there wo n't be feminist outrage should there be a men 's only screening of a different movie .
christians are in fact worse off spiritually then many liberal democrats for they unknowingly worship the man god jesus christ and his cross which is nothing more then paganism / idolatry or even a yeshua in messianic judaism .
the whole country was stolen , and it was worked by slaves !
proud to be an american my ass .
< user > both my ashkenazi parents took dna tests and it showed that they were both < percent > < percent > ethnically jewish my dad even found out he has some sephardi in him the other < percent > < percent > in them was north african no white in the mix there
richter scale .
look for some free counseling , if your community has an lgbtq centre they quite often have it there or will know where to get it
ok so basically imagine the most vindictive woman ever , who is smart enough to screw you over in money .
then turn it up to 11 .
then cast her as a feminist .
@thepanzermom sure !
hope you had a great day .
was a little surprised to see twitter has started telling us when people 's birthdays are !
@stevemartintogo careful , they might try to queer ya !
" commerce grads and mbas typically perceive anyone not cut from the same academic cloth as somehow being inferior or deficient . "
there 's the problem .
commerce and mba are not academic disciplines .
business faculties exist in universities only as cash cows .
how y' all gon get mad at ugly niggas for havin confidence ?
we all we got .
all of our parents are shit 
 nature - their genes 

 nurture - their parenting
< user > but you ’ re ok with palestinians killing their own people very nazi of u
killing 8 million jews without a reason
how many jewish canadians fund illegal settlements in israel and back the bulldozing of palestinian homes there .
according to adler that is " not being canadian in spirit " 

 do n't hand me this crap about what constitutes good canadian behaviour - many so called hyphenated canadians have plenty of baggage 

 as you know israel deliberately targeted a canadian peacekeeper   and killed him while on duty 

 no apology from them or compensation for that matter - and dnd wiped   records of   that little event off its website
do n't bother arguing with your teachers , just pretend to go along with what they are saying .
there is no group in this country more opportunistic and more hypocritical than the leadership of the right - wing evangelical movement .
these are the people who , with straight faces , endorsed donald trump for president because they " believe " he 's a sincere christian .
in a pig 's eye .
john hagee values jews in israel the same way a chess player values pawns .
they 're useful at a certain point in the game , but ultimately expendable .
little place i have been to today called winsford nice church no mosque which is good and it < percent > white ☺ there is a satanic church for the jews which really is the only downfall
also , all you people out there " of color " , be very , very worried and do something about it with your vote on the next go round .
trump is a white supremacist , obviously picking on blacks , this time .
he has no problem pandering to the racism of his " base " , stirring it up in a racist frenzy .
he 's used mexicans , middle easterners , jews and blacks as his foils to do that so far .
this is getting bad .
even nfl owners , risking offending their white customer base , are pushing back - and they have no problem killing their employees to make money .
very bad .
no apologies ice chief says illegal immigrants should live in fear of deportation hotpagenews com r < number >
what 's the difference between michael phelps and hitler ?
michael phelps can finish a race
last tweet b4 i become inactive i was so jealous cuz harry potter can talk to snakes .
i didnt even realize it i was talking to them
i 'm leaving this sub 
 it 's bitter and quality is n't appreciated
4real next time i 'm gon na slap a nigga if he talk shit to me bc i m younger that him
most of our citizens die in the desert dehydrated and have been buried because of unsafe migration and human trafficking across the sahara # endmoderndayslaveryinnigeria
why we should all be on board with # metoo 
 mens rights = /= anti-***anything * * *
do not get me wrong i like alt right podcasts and content creators but whites need lobby groups economic cooperatives and white focused orgs of all kinds to regain control of their own nations not just more content i just wish i knew where to begin helping create these
" literally everything i 've said today my mom responds with " " it 's cause you came home on that weed last night " " "
analysis 
 russia wanted payback , not a president trump , 
 baloney , bait articles to keep both sides at each other throats , that sells newspapers , ads , income for the media .
" analysis " ,   the author read some place else , russians were elated at trump 's victory 's , did n't expect him to win .
as in , you wish your favorite candidate wins but not sure ' till the fat lady sings .
from there such a lengthy ' analysis ' , tell you the truth i only bother to read the headline , enough .
spin after new spin .
sooner or later something else will be the culprit of trump 's dreaded victory for the left .
< user > < user > < user > this and the bbc two women a week die from male violence less that < percent > of convicted rapes end in a conviction men have raped women in women prisons what about that try holding politicians to account for these issues
having m work evenings means no kid - free time during the week means having to run an errand during workday . & #
128530 ;
you and your ilk should be duly processed and charged with promotion of hate against jewish people !
comparing abortion to the systematic killimgs of the jewish people is just spitting on their grave .
go to hell , you opportunistic pieces of shits
i shove my mental illness down guys throats .
it makes me wet .
it makes me cum
black doctors these girls were talking about black doctors when i joined in and stated what about jewish doctors when they told me jews are not black so i responded with well you have to take them out the oven first
i guess with both bc and ab now having carbon taxes , this is what happens .
obamacare sucks and the two gop plans suck even worse .
all three simply rob us to line the pockets of the health insurance and pharmaceutical industries .
health insurance company profits have doubled since aca implementation and the pharma industry is enjoying their highest profit margins ever ( 20%+ , banks are the only other industry enjoying such margins ) .
i 'm not holding my breath , but just once , can we see policy made with taxpayer interests in mind ?
@cnn neither god not the devil has anything to do with the shit in america
today 's insult : i ’m sorry , i refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person .

so many niggas lack intelligence in so many categories .
y' all really need to spend time educating y' all selves rather than worrying bout what next bitch can you fuck .
let 's just agree to disagree in the name of queer unity and nonviolence .
< user > < user > it a parody they wrote it down then sent it to you the only ones who voted were the breitbart staff though the staff are all white supremacy nazis not all of them voted for you suck it up buttercup
i 'm surprised mulan was n't changed to an african character ;)
everytime muslims are victims and when you see all they will be going against muslims why islamophobiaisholocaustic
lil pump deadass used a racial slur towards asians in his lyrics but now he out here all up in bts ass the stench
read your script you freemason faggot son of a bitch .
it 's all a fucking a script .
these motherfuckers are deceiving the people every fucking day .
the zionist jews will be the architects of their destruction .
hahaha die you scumbag pieces of shit .
a little bit of nail varnish and lipstick does not queer masculinity if you are still calling women who disagree with you hags bitches sluts whores etc being a misogynist is very masculine of you
< user > fuck you and your anti white blood libel
what do you call a bunch of jews on a train what ever the fuck you want , they ’re not coming back .
you idiot jews better get in their hidey holes :)
although this person ( link below ) is in canada now , and actually can speak and write in english , he explains that he was in jordan since 2011 and was approached by the un to come to canada on our social assistance .
it 's mismanagement like this that angers us all while we have a homeless crisis in canada and can not even afford to live in our own country .
the feds certainly need to explain this debauchery : 
 http://www.theglobeandmail.com/opinion/im-a-syrian-refugee-in-canada-this-is-what-2016-meant-to-me/article33457006/
jews destroys everything they touch .
literally everything .
😂 🤣
let the jews enslave the sandniggers let them build their jewtopia in the middle east put all jews in middle east remove niggs and put them in africa boom problem solved then we open the can of worms for asians
no , they do n't understand how to tax them because the american mindset is " how on earth could a house be less then 1200 sq.ft . ? ? ? "
all the laws and codes are modeled on that .
it certainly   does n't help that abject poverty ( or living in nyc ) does include the element of microscopic digs .
higher taxes , higher borrowing costs , higher electrical rates are good 
 the less people that move to canada the better ... the more that move out the better ... approved by the liberals
ayy i just wanna say congrats to my boy @pdotjdot11 for gunning the whole two miles and leaving everyone else in the dust , amazing , dude
every other president is goddamn awful # judgingbyexperience
" parasites . "
the word hitler used over and over to describe jews .
any time you find yourself speaking of other human beings in those terms , you need to back up and figure out where you went wrong .
trump is unable to do that , but most normal people can .
no more criminal than arabs and muslims choosing to live elsewhere and in europe and north america without restriction .
they are flowing into these regions on a regular basis and being largely welcomed .
no one is illegal .
not arabs , not muslims , not syrians , not israelis , not jews .
muslims and blacks are probably at least as antisemitic as american southern whites .
the leaders of the nation of islam such as louis farrakhan have made comments about jews that would have made them pariahs if they had been made by whites .
@okemzuruoke you seem to have a penchant for talking about a religion you so clearly despise .
every religion mocks the other and criticizes it .
why is christianity so special ?
name one religion that has never oppressed people with contrary beliefs
how do jews use the state or any organizational position of power to bully those they choose into corruption and degeneracy start with congress i understand that they take leftist sometimes anti white positions at political rallies do you have specific examples
that 'll be a one person average per county , and a sub on the bench in case anyone gets injured .
why did n't anne frank finish her diary ?
concentration problems .
jew repoeter just look at that nose lookin like a fukin parrot
is that " progress " like in progressive like in " progress on the way to socialism ? "
or is it " progress " in like a good idea that should be adopted on the merits of the idea ?
@stemcell when those iranian missiles hit us cities , we 'll find out about human rights , you illiterate son of a fcking jewish tranny , lol
if the fbi or nsa believed that members of trump 's inner circle were negotiating foreign policy with russia or any other foreign government prior to his inauguration , then under the logan act , they were legally obligated to investigate what would be a criminal matter .
while a congratulatory call from president putin to president - elect trump may have been understandable after the election , the volume of apparent communications between trump insiders and russian government officials would appear to give rise to concerns as to what was being discussed .
this could have warranted a wire tap if there was probable cause that a violation of the logan act was being committed .
however , it is highly improbable that president obama would have authorized or been aware of this unless there was evidence that trump insiders were negotiating foreign policy .
in particular , trump 's nsa nominee michael flynn 's communications with russian officials are already being examined in this regard .
turn off for humans
what s the difference between santa and a jew ?
santa goes down the chimney
can you guys say nigger without getting arrested lol
are the muslims and the jews in charge of our country ?
have they been writing laws trying to cram their religious beliefs down our throats ?
are we under a constant barrage of laws and actions designed by " people of faith " playing the victim as an excuse to " deconstruct " laws and rulings that define the fabric of our country , and are designed to protect everyone ?
does kass understand the history of our country and the reason we have - or had - separation of church and state ?
why should anyone sit idly by while predominantly white , old fundamentalist nutjobs highjack our country 's core values , constitution and government in order to replace it with a theocracy ?
pure , unadulterated garbage .
sick and tired of people who live a live a lie based upon a fantastical super being trying to force everyone to believe that tripe .
mccain returns after the govt pays to have his cancer removed and then votes to have 32 million people removed from having health care .
these people are beyond belief .
farmers are white trash grow your own damn food ya kike bastard
all families are dysfunctional - some less than others .
look around , it could be a hell of a lot worse .
following the liberal government 's election to office , there would have been memorandums up the line to the deputy minister with the necessary information and recommendations as to whether or not the phoenix pay system should proceed or if the phased implementation should be delayed .
and if it was in the form of a cabinet document , we will never see it !
the system was audited , but the auditors ' advice was not heeded .
ibm offered more staff training , but it was turned down .
compensation specialists should have been kept but were laid off .
now we have the result .
by the way , i suspect very strongly that there are not only 8,000 cases currently requiring resolution ........................... the liberals are very good at manipulating statistics in their favour .
today is a weird ass day .
i just have this bad feeling .
apostasy is turning away from religious principles , as we all know .
what you need to do is show that apostacy is , in fact , taking place . "
malachi martin says so " is laughable .
if you mean things like , " vatican ii rejected eugene iv 's statement that that all jews will go to hell " , i would reply that it was correct to do so .
eugene was saying that a loving , merciful and just god actually has none of those attributes .
his god was a bigot , condemning people for what they were , not anything they had done .
sending jews to hell because they are jews is on exactly the same moral level as hitler sending jews to auschwitz because they were jews .
r / negareddit admits what we all know : incels are hated not for their views and opinions but because they hold those views and opinions while being low - status and unattractive
fake news .
the globe and others keep pushing the false right wing narrative on this story .
gah inundated by friends and otherwise smart people doing intellectual contortions to try and justify the violence against the unitetheright folks look the nazi protestors are idiots but a nazi flag does not meet the legal definition of incitement let alone free you to punch them in the face
i 've had 3 ( three ) showers today , where is my girlfriend ?
bitches be acting like niggas niggas be acting like bitches bitches be loving these niggas
yeah agreed totally different to genuine sub saharan refugees who are mainly christian
i swear y' all get the weirdest niggas famous ...
it 's time to reject and resist the rabid and insatiable greed of these racist , bigoted and war - mongering white nationalist billionaire parasites who are willing to sacrifice the lives of our ... url
what ’s the difference between harry potter and the jews ?
harry was looking for the chamber
you like white men and you 're a hometown hater ?
disgraceful url
there is no history of moral thought on transexualism .
the surgery is a 40 year old thing .
granted , behaving in the other sex is not a new thing , but now it seems that it was natural for those people , not a volutary perversion , so the centuries of teaching need revamping , much like how original sin needs some revision in light of darwin ’s findings and the modern scriptural scholarship that shows eden was meant to be myth , not history , and that leviticus was as much cultural teaching as moral in order to preserve the jewish nation in exile .
we can chose to reject new fact , like the idiot pope pius ix or we can adjust where necessary .
trump and his gang of racist , nationalist thugs are destroying relationships with allies that took decades to build .
but never mind , the trumpnuts got their widdle feelings hurt 'cause they felt like their xenophobic , homophobic , gun - toting , racist , bigoted views were n't being " heard " or " respected . "
you know , the way hitler was n't heard or respected when he tortured , killed and made furniture and " art " out of the body parts of all those nasty jews taking up space and breathing all of their air .
except the tnutscwere heard all right , which why legislation to protect the constitutional rights of people they senselessly hate and fear was passed .
now we 've got a rich douchebag in the white house that certainly represents their ignorant , nihilistic views .
he 's a whiney little b*%#~ like they are , so they love him .
every black men women and children in america should want this women dead lifetime membership in the kk mohammedan obama and hillary treated blacks worse than black muslim slavers ever have done for < number > yrs
muslim fanatical beliefs must be eliminated if we are to have even a modicum of peace in the world .
the clearly proven depravity of muslim beliefs need to be eradicated not encouraged and endorsed especially in canada .
did you know that at toronto international airport there is a muslims only prayer chapel replete with dirty feet washing machines .... yet zero christian or jewish chapels are permitted .... whats up with that ?
did you know that peel region schools must now accommodate muslim prayer times in a special location but no other religious prayer is permitted ..... what 's up with that b.s ?
this is not the canada i once knew and loved .
breeding like rabbits mulsims will overtake populations in many countries and spread their vileness and hatred of traditional normalcy .
time for the 2018 crusades to begin worldwide to rid the world of these fanatical maniacs that super stupid lefty gov't support .. there is no other way .
trump is right on this point if not on anything else !
< number > years ago the germans were anti zionists but jews smeared them as nazis a term coined by jews which means simpleton to bury the term anti zionist if you ve been called a nazi it means you re feeling the toxic effect of zionism but jews do nt want you to call yourself anti zionist
< user > bottom line is islam has nothing to do with it
they bragged they would do it on day one , jan. 20 , 2017 .
i am not some kind of trashy slut , unless i 'm with the right man .
wow what a diverse cast .
a bunch of jews , a half - jew and a token black puppet of the jews .
brothers i a being doxxed 
 see you in another life
really ! !
all them big ass niggers on the field and the kickers did all the work
< user > < user > < user > my pasty white ass needs it for real tho heather u and ur hubby should join us next time make it a pftpm posse remote meer up
has india rejected congress definition of a liberal india ?
watch the special edition of # viewpoint tonight at 8 pm with @salman7khurshid , joined by @asadowaisi , @nalinskohli & our host @bhupendrachaube url
and it only white countries forced to diversify black brown countries never do you do not see the un jew arabs forcing whites into mexico south america or any islamic countries north korea china japan they can stay as slant as they fucking want but white peaceful countries we need diversity fuck that
i was working decorating a flat in the same street this happened on the same day but it happened just after i had finished and gone home for the day pollokshields was a ghetto then and an even bigger one now they just keep coming
like the nazis : those that were considered ' lesser than ' the ideal .
in their case jews , roma , africans , and slavs , the mentally retarded , the imperfect .
we can add the old , the sick , with socialized medicine .
in the eyes of the jew and the libtard there is a race problem and the problem is us !
lol .
islam started with extermination of the polytheists and conquest .
mohammad took sex slaves .
the hadiths are absolutely full of hateful shit .
> allah 's messenger ( ﷺ ) said , " you ( i.e. muslims ) will fight with the jews until some of them will hide behind stones .
the stones will ( betray them ) saying , ' o ` abdullah ( i.e. slave of allah ) !
there is a jew hiding behind me ; so kill him . ' "
url
too many fags on this sub wtf
i have long learned to eschew the bigotry , hypocrisy , and ignorance of the libtard generation .
israel is the jewish answer to the holocaust .
one of the most successful nations on earth , fool .
interesting note to self determine which dna test the israeli government uses to test immigrants so that unfortunate mis identifications can be avoided during shoah < number > electric boogaloo
if i were to make up a joke , it would be something like this : 

 " ossofer , i 'd like to report that i stole $ 33 million ... "
just searched ' when was the first black friday ' 

 apparently he worked for robinson crusoe .

what ’s the difference between a pizza and a jew ?
i do n’t like burnt pizza .
but you look so aryan ... you so would have made it through the holocaust !
i try so damn hard to avoid from drinking cold water but still this cough is gettin worst
i always found it ironic that steve jobs worked at apple .
< repeat > .
< repeat > nd died of pc
+ dallas   only ignorants support trump , no disrespect .sorry i forgot the racists also .
why are jewish men circumcised ?
because the women wo n't touch anything which is n't < number >   off .
we should select legislators the same way we pick a jury .
call in citizens at random to serve on the legislature , have them answer basic questions about their fitness to serve , and hold a public election of those who are fit .
this would be a citizen legislature of our peers .
they would deliberate on legislation and serve only one term .
this would eliminate a legislator 's vested interest in reelection and likely increase transparency , impartiality , and compromise .
a legislature comprised of randomly selected citizens could easily be as productive as the legislatures our electoral systems turns out now .
most muslim nation prohibit jews or even christians from holding public office .
they are the true apartheid states because they are utterly discriminatory and xenophobic , not israel .
hey jeff flake , we are a republic , not a democracy you idiot !
this is hardly the same issue .
on one hand you have something   that is as innate to a person as the color of their skin .
the other is a chosen belief system .
two things are n't even in the same ballpark .
good and deep response , especially the end of it .
i like how you see it now .
you should definitely do what will you make happy .
does n't matter what other people say .
and if you can find peace with yourself without medical intervations , then it is probably the best solution .
btw in my case my gender issues started when i was around 12 and very slowly progressed to the point if no return .
but it was n't caused by evaluation of societal advantages , rather with sexual identity feelings .
i was crossdressing and secretly wished i was female for 18 years .
i hate our society .
sensitive bunch a cunts .
get over it .
ill try one before i go workout
congratulations !
i would say its the jews but well it is sorta its not that simple
this the toughest bitch in the world bruh hey how so retarded
i always hate waking kike up before i have to go to work 😩 😩 😂
if all the kike news networks have pretty faces with empty heads reading their teleprompters why can not we have hotter smarter ones
deport 'em all , and build the wall .
@archrose90 can you stop showing this disgusting freak so early in the morning .
i ve just had my breakf ........ sorry too late .
do you have a tissue ? ? ?
still most hate crimes are against jews , most likely due to the increase in muslim refugees .
al - quds parades across the country spewing their hate against jews .
yeah you are filthy little bone smoking kike
well it 's happening ! ! ! ! ! !
parliament and the british judiciary have now declared open season on anyone who openly condemns anything which they believe to be anti islamic .
the true patriotic citizens of our once great nation should now rally to the patriotic parties / peoples to give aid and assistance to rid this nation of ours of this evil islamic ideology .
execute the rabbi .
the man who shot him is no different than massad hunting down a nazi supporter .
judaism murders palestine babies .
all synagogs support israel and preach zionism , a cult based on hatred and enslavement of non jews .
he should be treated just ad mossad assassins and idf baby killers are .
if you want to commit murder , rape women and children , spew racial and hateful statements and get away with it , convert to judaism and say anti - semite and the courts will make others pay you and be applauded for it as well .
a 2012 gallup pole has 77 % of americans claiming to be christian .
they supposedly believe the bible , and the prophecies in it , to some degree or another .
prophecies which allude to gog and magog , joined by their allies , which will invade israel .
then the " ships of chittim " shall oppose them .
this is usually understood to be russia , ukraine , turkey , syria , and some others , all from north of israel .
the ships of america , with canada , england , and maybe france , opposing them .
if there is a god , then he will make it happen .
if there is no god , then it may become a self - fulfilling prophecy .
the important thing to consider , is that the majority of americans believe that it will happen , and that there is nothing effectual that we will do to prevent it .
russia will be allowed to swallow up the ukraine , plus turkey , syria , and maybe even bulgaria , romania , finland , estonia , latvia , and lithuania .
then afterwards , china will annex siberia , that most coveted " northern resource area " .
your kikenvermin brothers the bolsheviks killed that many easily and the dead were not arabs there a reason why all school kids are taught about the holohoax but never hear a word about the holodomor
bert is a trained nigger dog barks and growls at coons and jews he can smell them
@saithabdullah99 its your fault that you expected humanity from indians .
did you know auschwitz was split in two sections smoking and non - smoking
“ my feelings as a christian points me to my lord and savior as a 
 fighter .
it points me to the man who once in loneliness , surrounded 
 by a few followers , recognized these jews for what they were and 
 summoned men to fight against them and who , god ’s truth !
was greatest 
 not as a sufferer but as a fighter .
in boundless love as a christian 
 and as a man i read through the passage which tells us how the lord 
 at last rose in his might and seized the scourge to drive out of the 
 temple the brood of vipers and adders .
how terrific was his fight 
 against the jewish poison .
today , after two thousand years , with 
 deepest emotion i recognize more profoundly than ever before the fact 
 that it was for this that he had to shed his blood upon the cross .
as 
 a christian i have no duty to allow myself to be cheated , but i have 
 the duty to be a fighter for truth and justice ... " 

 -adolf hitler , speech in munich on april 12 , 1922-
no mr summers , black people who hate jews could not fit in with nazis .
what 's that ?
oh , it 's nazis weeping because there message has so utterly failed to reach you .
let 's see , a cake for two gay people celebrating their love and commitment to one another , versus a cake for a group who think hitler did n't go far enough in wiping out jews , gays , the disabled , and anyone who was n't aryan enough for them .
hmm .... 

 ya know , i see a difference here .
there are only a few days between when the moslem explody lunar month of ramadan is over and the beginning of jewlie
the headline is silly and seems crafted as red meat to throw to the packs , in hopes of eliciting clicks on the story .
the headline claims : " after 3 - year fight , aa body backs down on ' god or gone ' stance " .
hello ?
in the article , the pertinent passage is here : 

 " ... both sides opted for mediation that resulted in settlement on monday .
the delisted groups will be relisted and intergroup will resolve to include people regardless of beliefs .
in return , mr. knight and agnostic associates vowed to leave the 12 steps intact , god and all " .
the aa did not back down on the " god step " of the aa ladder .
it stays .
they agreed to list under their umbrella organization those groups who wished , in their meetings , to interpret the " god step " in a manner satisfactory the lens of the jewish faith or the lens of native / inuit faiths or the lens of agnostics , as the article describes ( those folks raised the complaints ) .
glad they resolved it peacefully .
next fight : crack egg at small or large end ...
we all know its mysterious why are those yid q not expose the names who doing it they should know the all are not the delivering news is not he or she anonymous or its anonymous from us so we do not know that q is shlomo
how 's it working out for our neighbors down south ; 

 the only way to save the world is through socialism , but a socialism that exists within a democracy ; there 's no dictatorship here .
hugo chavez 

 the left is back , and it 's the only path we have to get out of the spot to which the right has sunken us .
socialism builds and capitalism destroys .
hugo chavez
ok good night mr kike faggot sleep tight
i may be worthless but you are an honor stealing faggot bc if you were kurdistan you would not be sucking jew dick the way u do you are a liberal american kike most likely
" .... a slowed - down version shows he pivoted toward officers with a knife , ... " 

 so he had a knife , a crucial detail you left out on purpose , naturally .
usually misrepresenting by leaving out the most important detail is done by those who can not make an argument based on facts .
all facts .
rt @rhythmixx _ : & # 8220;@aliyahgrubb : kanye west is a costume not a mock of a race.&#8221 ; girl i hate to do this but kanye is a human not a costume but&#8230 ;
< number > to fulfill this plan the left is trying to fill the country with the 3 rd world population they are easily moldible into revolutionary lumpen combined with home grown ghetto population they will be a huge striking force
trump cabinet consists mostly of billionaires military as opposed to ghetto thugs freeloaders islamic terrorist sympathizers maga
y is it every year their is apparently 1 qb that can potentially sneak into first rd that is n't expected but it never happens lmao davis web
ah , the latest talking point of 45 apologists .
here 's the fundamental fact of the case , a judge warned this man repeatedly about his violation of the 4th amendment and he continued to stick his finger in the judge 's eye .
what 45 has done is told the entire world and his ilk that the constitution he is sworn to uphold is nt worth the paper its written on / is irrelevant and reinforces his latest ' joke ' that its fine for cops to abuse prisoners .
this after all is the same man who told his crowds to beat people up and he would pay their legal bills .
this is the man who bars transgender people from the army because they costs too much money in healthcare , yet thinks nothing of running the secret service out of money 7 months into his term because of weekly travel to his resorts ; the man who got a half a dozen deferments so he would nt have to fight for his country .
it boggles the mind how any reasonable person can defend him ; the presidency and america itself has become a joke .
readers , steven shea does not represent the views of most catholics .
catholicism does n't hold that whites in america are racist .
that is the view of extremists like steven .
now they 're saying she has pneumonia , like it 's no big deal .
for some one her age it 's a very big deal .
if she is a victim , as some people on this thread are trying to portray her , she 's a victim of her " handlers " who may kill her trying to prop her up till nov.
mind your own beeswax , murrican .
is n't that what you tell us on every trump story ?
this obscene budget is built on a two - trillion dollar error : 
 < < president donald trump 's newly unveiled budget contains a massive accounting error that uses the same money twice for two different purposes .
based on its supersized projections of 3 percent gdp , the president 's budget forecasts about $ 2 trillion in extra federal revenue growth over the next 10 years , which it then uses to pay for trump 's " biggest tax cut in history . "
> > 
 source : ww.nbcnews.com/business/economy/trump-team-stands-budget-s-2-trillion-math-error-n763996 
 it may be overly generous to describe this as an error ; given the fact that muvaney is standing by the budget ' as - is ' , this seems less an error than yet another attempt to deceive the american people .
i wish i was her supportive white husband
how would issues even be brought up to vote for in that system some kike will push drug legalization or gay marriage or something
i remember you .
one question : if it became law that political thought became protected would you support a jewish baker being forced to make a cake for an alt - right idiot ?
do you believe in the words you say or just hide behind them when convenient ?
the worse part about the deep web is seeing your horrible photography angles .
go back to africa ?
pot is calling kettle back the president 's father is from germany in europe .
donald trump whom the parents migrated from germany after the second tribal wars which they called 2nd world wars came to america in search for better lives , peace n progress .
congress omor parents migrated from somalia in africa for safety because of the unrest their country for peace n transquilities , this is a nation of emigrants let support one another to maintain the unity of the nation shalom .
@jamesbooth100 @mayoroflondon no .
i think all religious texts should be criticised .
they all include texts that have no place in modern society .
did you say anything when people swear on the bible ?
or is it just the q'uran ?
thinking you meant our president ?
i 'm not saying obama is n't flawed , like every other human walking the earth .
but i think we can all agree some are more flawed then others .
and yes trump will be our president in   couple weeks .
and all   americans should hope he succeeds , not to do so is to hope your own self , and more importanly future generations , fail .
trump talks tough on jihadis and yet anti western terrorism funding and brain washing saudi arabia is not on the ban list of 7 muslim countries .
what 's with that ?
' sounds like trump , based on his very vocal support of israel , will be sending more aid to israel rather than less .... we'll see .
will trump , with his hike in military spending , ( already more than the whole world combined ! )
really bomb/ drone etc .
less than o - bomba or bush ?
we 'll see .
with trump we will have to take the bad with the good ..... 'just waiting to see the good .
i 'm not going to hold my breath .
what 's the difference between hitler and usain bolt ?
usain bolt could actually finish a race
< number > ghetto white people who did drugs and got abortions and could not speak without using the f word they were called white negroes the black culture has become part of america white people endorsing this immorality and violence is why we are in decline
need allah to sabotage the insurgent infidels with some fentanyl .
get in line cunt fucking jew bitch christ killing baby raping kike whore
when someone uses the wrong pronouns / refers to a cis person incorrectly its not misgendering please use misidentified or something else misgendering is a specific word for trans ppls experiences with it and no cis person could ever truly feel the same impact it has on us
the only numbers lisa & dan need to " run " are the ones that add up to 52 .
oboma care is collapsing- deductible 's are way to high- 50 % & more insurance companies are pulling out everyday .
our senate ( dems & gop ) are failing us .
would it not be prudent to put us first .
their differences do not belong in our health care .
trump understands that it is not wa dc that will suffer with the oboma care effect , its millions of americans .
what happens when the whole thing dies & there is nothing to replace it ?
" rt @skyyjolie : " " god put animals here for us to eat " " do n't fucking tell me what they do to animals for y all to eat is what god put … "
if denver gets rid of stephenson , and gives sloter a pocket , sloter will amaze the nfl .
i saw long passes , i saw short passes with touch .
i saw rollout passes with touch , i saw timing passes to the sideline , i saw scrambles ending in completed passes , i saw protection break down too often and yet gained yardage .
i saw tight spirals and catchable passes .
i saw some command of the playbook .
i saw a better performance than from lynch last week .
what else do you want from a rook ?
beleichik wants
two days ago , his son 's name was jonah .
yesterday his name was najaeshi jonah .
today his name is najaeshi jonah makepeace .
what will it be tomorrow ?
two of the people i am really getting sick and tired of seeing as guests on these evening news programs are that wild eyed gook malkin and the physically retarded jew krauthammer i change the channel when they come on there are others the list is growing
i post a video showing the shocking promotion of violence by the south african eff themselves and jewtube still say i am promoting violence
how did the jews react when ww ii was over ?
they were so gassed
lmao i am no pump and dumper nor am i a kike but i definitely follow some kike stereotypes
being surrounded by black women who want to see you win > > >
you want a bitch i will show you a bitch
1 .
as a dental healthcare professional , it is my job and responsibility to tell people what is good for them in regard to their health .
what anyone does with the information i provide is certainly their prerogative .
.
2 .
if you can provide any relevant valid , peer - reviewed studies which you claim i have ignored , feel free to present them at any time , properly cited .
your inevitable inability to do so will be clear example of the major problem in according credence to antifluoridationists .
when challenged they can provide no valid evidence to support their claims .
.
steven d. slott , dds
she must not realize that blocking people is sorrrrrta what i 'm famous for .
yes !
go find another country to ruin and leave the usa alone !
you are so right- there was recently a program on american pbs about the history of new york .
it was amazing detailing the arrival of the different ethnic groups and how they became the whipping posts .
the irish , the italians , the jews , the puerto rico 's ... they all were abused upon their arrival .
you would think we would learn from this but apparently we ca n't seem to comprehend that .
i remember the outcry about the vietnamese coming here after the war in vietnam .
there were people moaning and groaning that we should n't let them in too .
pathetic when you think about it give the tools we have today to learn .
the jokes here are getting clean .
if you want a joke with this statement , look at a jew .
we need another holocaust
why does hitler love lazytown ?
he cooks jews by the book
well , we can see the mess the prev admin made .
so maybe this is a good thing .
what 's the matter , james , hitler did n't kill enough jews for your liking ?
my wife is bi .
we had another couple we did this with .
basically my wife and the other couple had a threesome then a week later it was me my wife and the women from the couple .
everyone enjoyed themselves a lot but we talk a lot about boundries and other things leading up to it .
it did help that my wife and the other women are both bi tho
not only is he ignorant but he is dishonest .... there are many dozens of lawsuits against him from contractors who did not get paid from his many bancruptcies .... something he brags about .
@ienearth it 's overwhelmingly humbling to me that the indigenous peoples of this land still stand and fight after all they have been through .
they could be wallowing in hopelessness but have chosen to stand up for others and immigrants at that .
their spirit is indomitable .
+ jewboy spot the incel
i can not stand the way some of you act out their violence fantasies on this sub .
if i catch any of you in real life , you 'll learn the true meaning of nipple hanging .
yea exactly .
they want complete control over belief , information , and the whole god damn paradigm .
fuck them .
they can all burn in hell .
two jews lock themselves inside a gas chamber by accident , how do the nazis get their attention ?
pssssssst ...
king shit , not a lot of you niggas can do this url
it clearly states that glorifying violence is against the bitchute tos so i guess every heavy metal song ever written is out of the question then as well whatever these people are fucking retarded lol
< user > the biggest enemy u have is yourself in ulster it the sf pan catholic front demanding abortion liberalisation homo faggot rights skank equality the prod dup are the social conservatives resisting this jew marxist attack as for shitskin immigration u should give a fuck
you can only predict the position of the stars and planets by using the spherical earth model and predictions are quite accurate far into the future it not even possible to predict a lunar eclipse using the retarded flat earth model sphericalearth
do n't forget , however , that most of his generosity is with other people 's money .
i would be more impressed if he was giving away his own millions .
he is just telling the truth as usual the filthy jews need to clamp down as soon as possible .
that britain new fab four then a jew a nigger a ginger a bald ganch groovy
the political price she needs to pay is to withdraw from the race and let sanders take the helm .
blackpill reminder : if you 're not sexually attractive to a female , you 'll never be in a loving relationship 
 no sexual attraction = cheating , deadbedroom , cuckoldry or just being invisible .
when everything is going accordingly the enemy always try to come creep up on you but i ai nt havin it ! !
buhh byee
those poor kikes they ca nt even escape antisemetism in the country were it is punishable by death ( i am talking about palestinians )
what 's the difference between a jew and a pizza ?
the pizza does n't scream when it 's put in the oven .
twizzle 
 the us is a special case .
it is only one .
and the us is special in most areas .
excellent on anything technical and generally very poor on any social item .
their social housing for example .
shootings on the street .
now in politics with their president to be .
the us is a sample of one .
the record in   the private sector is outstanding .
virtually every service from lawyering to dentists to food and housing .
always available .
lots of choice .
the fact that health care is out of step in the us has more to do with the us than with health care .
not covering the about 83 % of canadians who   can pay their own way makes a first class health care system available to all canadians .
despite jews being < percent > of the russian populations over < percent > of the soviet commissars in < number > were jews of these < number > kike murderers < number > had been living in the us the remainder stayed behind to destroy and enslave americans you live in soviet union < number > < number > < number > was their takeover completion
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > most excluded are hindu refugees not economic muslim migrants hindus are killed raped forcibly converted in pakistan and bangladesh entire nrc is a farce
dumb kike hitler was fucking goat your mother oh talking about goat jews allows fuck animals same as arabs
she was only ' in favor ' with the so - called mainstream as long she was giving trump a hard time .
other than that , the msm has no use for her .
randy blazak is an ` ` expert '' all right -- he teaches ` ` sociology of star trek '' --a credited class students actually pay for .
you mean red pills like it ok to fuck half nigger apes and an ethnostate can not work in america because muh magic dirt that not a red pill cuck faggot that jew bullshit that she been pushing from the beginning if you think that helpful kys
< user > bad time for gay men who just want to stan older ladies that look like drag queens
they say there 's safety in numbers .
tell that to 6 million jews
there is no democrat party in alaska .
whether that is good or bad i could not tell you .
let independents run ( and win ) .
death to the 2 potty system .
the canadian govn't does n't do anything fast .
they have to commission at least four expensive studies have some secret talk and consult with their backers first .
that way it will cost five times as much .
msm tatics if shooter is not white bitch about gun control if white use the nazi angle blame trump and probably roll out gabby giffords and the usual suspects
you have so many black friends .
i could get hurt .
someone could come after me .
hell , people have shown up at my office before .
i 've been doxxed .
i 've been threatened .
ghetto how i ’ m not cuddling and receiving kisses rn 🥱
could of bot the homeless jew downtown a house with that money .... but he wanted to be a big shot
that what my old man did he was one of those assholes that liked to fight lol knowing how to fight may not save you from a gun or nigger pack attack but it let us you go thru school without worrying about being sum1 bitch
according to tij , jews have succeeded in engaging in ethnic warfare without either side publicly acknowledging that there is indeed a war : “ yes , let it be agreed ; if the jewish idea is the stronger , if the jewish ability is the greater , let them conquer ; ( 1/2 )
the liberals are like hillary clinton .
their stupidity on not being all inclusive with this motion just encourages the trump type folks .
trump ca n't happen in canada ?
it already happened in the 1930s .
we whitewash the time when the kkk had branches in cities & town across canada .
you will have to do a bit of research to find references to this period but the references can be found .
very shocking period .
we do n't like to talk about not allowing jews to enter canada to escape hitler .
read the book " none is too many " to describe   our immigration policy during that period .
go to wikipedia and read about the university thesis written by tc douglas .
the father of medicare , former leader of the federal ndp , former ndp premier , the greatest canadian according to the cbc .
when he wrote his thesis tommy was a bigot that would shock even trump\s most radical supporter . (
read about his thesis before you condemn my remarks . )
that 's nice .
beggar praying for salvation of the world .
he vandalizes the temple business area because rich rabbis are profiting by fooling the gullible masses .
they hold secret meetings .
get that beggar crucified at the hands of romans .
that beggar transforms into the only begotten son of your god yhwh .
i will proclaim the lord 's decree : he said to me , " you are my son ; today i have become your father .
url hollywood producers threaten to ostracize you then get you arrested then spread decades spreading lies against you , such as they did with mj and whomsoever speaketh against them .
its not a recent muslim invasion it happened to christians in libya egypt syria and sects in ukraine there are bad jews that bring bad to themselves
" " " there are those days when it 's hard to put one foot in front of the other , but those are the days when champions are created " " mcnally "
i will guarantee that many patients leave the er and o not understand the instructions sent home with them .
i know i got plenty of phone calls from patients who had recently left and had to ask questions about their discharge orders given to them by other   staff members or at times , me .
notice i did not say " all " patients .
it depends on who you get to discharge you , how sick you are and do n't even know where you are or care ( i have been in that condition myself ) how good is the patients comprehension or language skills , their age just some factors that will put some patients at an er at a risk when they leave the facility .
when   the er is busy in a big hospital time is often short and a discharge can be fast and furious .
this is a dangerous situation for the patients and we know sending some patients who come into the er who are " that " sick and sending them home to fend for themselves can be and often is dangerous .
this is a change in the health care system i never like .
period .
but it 's not the best option for the criteria i listed ( which is why i listed it ) .
now , if you want to move the goalposts to " giving up on tv altogether " like that , well , duh , cut the cord .
inflation so that you ca nt buy food and stuff to help you live happy is how fascist hateful jews persecute western youth their end goal is to brand eveyone with an rfid chip and make hummanity work in jewish owned factories for food only while jews live happily ever after
i never trust anyone in a burqa not because they are muslim most muslims are decent people do nt me but because anyone who covers their face has something to hide
those of us who use the flagstop train north of talketna love the alaska railroad and it 's employees .
we wish them good fortune during tough financial times .
... and replace it with ... ?
gun control the theory that a woman found dead in an alley raped and strangled with her panty hose is somehow morally superior to a woman explaining to police how her attacker got that fatal bullet wound l neil smith
if you can you should donate to judge roy moore
most uncomfortable with trump kike connection hell his grandchildren are jews not good
hey sparky , you should drop the fake news sites : 

 http://www.snopes.com/marian-robinson-pension/ 

 i do realize that wished for fantasy is powerful , but c'm on man , bone up !
no most people do not want war as long as there are jews there will be wars for profit and to kill good white men
build a wall , take a head count , or put their kids in cages ...... you'll never get rid of the brown ppl .
they will still be next to you in walmart .
enjoy .
do n't look , ethel ! ! !
< user > < user > < user > ban the scuzzy muzzy
every thing you folks disagree with is ' fake news " .
funny .
" it ’s not an incredibly difficult feat to get an adult ( over 18 ) man to participate … . "
and one over 21 , if the   observations in the bars of my youth at closing time are any indication .
especially opening day of deer hunting season !
what is the difference between a jew and a pizza ?
pizza comes out of the oven
nothing .
religion is an evil and all religious people should be killed for the greater good .
@tk_kelly43 @pepecountry @prisonplanet bho should do same when his red line was shit on by syria bullies always tes … https://t.co/mehc6zlykg
what 's the difference between a jew and a pizza ?
the pizza does n't scream when it 's put in the oven .
< user > exactly arabs mozzies are setting fires just like in israel at the same time they r demanding benefits and subsidised housing just say no deport these trojan horses lets give our hard earned to our homeless our vets and our pets 🇺 🇸 ❤ ️ 🇺 🇸
more murders by kim jong un : 
 2013 
 jang song thaek | kim 's uncle by marriage 
     why : insurrection , other crimes 
     date : december 2013 
     method : shot .
an early report said he had been fed to a pack of dogs , but this has been proven false .
jang kye - sun | sister of jang song thaek 
     why : connection to jang song thaek 
     date : december 2013 
     method : poison 
 jon yong - jin | husband of jang kye - sun ; ambassador to cuba 
     why : unknown 
     date : december 2013 
     method : unknown 
 jang yong - chol | brother of jang kye - sun ; ambassador to malaysia 
     why : connection to jang song thaek 
     date : december 2013 
     method : unknown 
 unnamed nephew | nephew of jang song thaek 
     why : connection to jang song thaek 
     date : december 2013 
     method : unknown 
 unnamed sons | two sons of jang yong - chol 
     why : connection to jang song thaek 
     date : december 2013 
     method : unknown 
 jang su - gil | deputy of jang song thaek 
     why : unknown 
     date of execution : 2013 
     method : anti - aircraft gun
they praised the nazi and hitler but act nothing like them in there times of need ' the only similarity is there jewish influence issues that do n't even really relate to modern america poor people need to wake up to what history they support and understand where there lacken in education of it all
what 's the difference between a jew and harry potter ?
harry made it out of the chamber .
but i do remember the time two white boys raped murdered my niece then torched her body then bragged about it on facebook does that count oh but she was white too so perhaps not
* in lecture * student : is this gon na be a question on the exam professor : you 're motherf@#$*&amp;g right vcu will excite you
homosexuality and sodomy are not the same thing .
poor little sicko " allaha " still thinks it 's ok to discriminate against gay people .
i guess he does n't like jews and african - americans too .
or do you just discriminate against the gay people you sicko .
frankly , i disapprove of you and your neanderthal brain .
@bloodwolfz4 sorry could not end my comment .
could it be that you are black and as a result feel racialy unjustified by other ethonic groups .
i say this because not all other groups always get what they strive for .
we all struggle in life without much sucess .
one year in office and the entitled are n't fooling anybody .
yes the government of change , what a complete joke ! ! ! !
once   his majesty   has graced us with   his once a week visit he can use the extra time too take more selfies and continue along his endless campaign of shameless promotion to a controlled audience of puppets . "
after all the budgets balances its self "
like literally what the actual fuck i am so mad at this this meme is stupid having nazi and shit but literally says trans fucking niggers this already giving me blackface vibes like this is crossing the line between being a black person
a misogynist is a man who dislikes women as much as they despise each other hl mencken misogyny
what an outwardly racist comment .
yeah , its still ok to malign christians in this world where negative comments about others are immediately censored .
double standard much ?
what about the muslim view , the buddhist view , the jewish view , the indigenous people 's views ?
why did n't you also discuss those views in an article regarding parents rights vs the state 's rights when it comes to medically ill children ?
i fucked up finishing nier this morning because now i have nothing to do tonight
< time > saturday evening in a immigrant problem area in uppsala in sweden < number > car on fire police found the likely suspect but did not bring him in for questioning
well this gives more credence to the hypothesis that zionism is behind the muslim invasion to add strength and credence to zionsim and israel expansionism
mm , nice and edgy .
hey , while you 're at it tell us all about how you 're really a fox spirit trapped inside a human body , acting out in what you perceive as a playful manner waiting until the day that you blossom into some full fledge demon fox .
and hey , do nt forget to let us know what your favorite episode of inuyasha / ryukenshin is , and how your parents wo nt let you buy that katana from asian gifts how much adderall do you take ?
or is this really just a ploy to get us to feel sorry that your only friends are furries and probably at least one gay pedophile ?
newton ’s third law every action has its equal , opposite reaction .
that means that every time a black fetus dies while being borned , an old white man is being borned ?
i 'm straight but i totaly understand how hard it would be to come out and try to fit the social standards when your part of the lgbtq+ community
if you do n't care than interracial company should n't matter as long as you are looking for people to hang out with similar interests as y'alls .
as soon as i get a little smarter , i 'll figure out how to attach pics if this one did n't work .
when u hit a speed bump in a school zone and remember ... there is no speed bump in the school zone .
this hoe ain t shit she a bad mom 😂
even the greatest minds still ca n't unravel the jewish paradox ... ... why do jews spend so much money on a party for a 13 year old kid ?
according to trump 's logic , blacks should share the blame for slavery , jews should take responsibility for the holocaust and the protesters who were run over by the vehicle are guilty of damaging the car .
the_holy_spirit_speaks_to_all_of_us_by_virtue_of_baptism_and_confirmation,_and_even_without_it .
homosexuals are completely sent by god to test our faith
you have to admit that the blacks have had it harder than the irish , jews , ukrainians , etc .
you see , if any of the above changed their names , you could n't tell they were different .
a black person ca n't change his name and look like a white person .
that is because asians and whites are prejudiced and do not being laying up with ghetto rats well i am okay you are okay whitish liberal trust fund babies do not count
when you tell him you pregnant for april fools day & amp ; he think you playing but you really not & # 129318;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️&#128118;&#127997;&#128514 ;
people are so uncivilized .
i be under this nigga like he mine
yeah or you can start from the negative look at nonwhite countries and nonwhite ghettos in white countries and go from there it is not a difficult question
yawwwwn .
warning : if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways then i will hear from heaven and i will forgive their sin and will heal their land .
babies blood is crying out from the ground , false accusations against the president , disrespect men with men women with women , fornicators , fowl mouths ... etc a new green deal will not help you , only humility and repentance will god hear .
america in god we trust we are the people called by his name .
stop killing our babies ban abortion .
we need to repent from our wicked ways .
like margaret sullivan is such a great upstanding citizen .
another mass shooting in america , what else is new ?
@_joshcarmichael fuck off ya big faggot
what 's hitler 's favorite state of matter ?
gas
a conviction is not required for a presidential pardon .
a president can pardon someone for anything they might do that violates the law in the future or in the past .
ford pardoned nixon before any charges were even filed .
sorry ms.amylou , but you seem a bit out of touch with the current healthcare costs .
somehow you appear to blame ' bama care .
what is this and how is it responsible ?
look at the facts and how they reveal that medicare costs are skyrocketing .
the affordable care act helped to reduce the rate of increase of health insurance by increasing the insured pool . "
gouging " plays a much smaller role than imagined .
unless you 're referring to profits to insurers .
that 's an interesting topic for another day .
did you hear the one about the jewish philanthropist ?
me neither .
< user > jonny that s the power of legal hardworking immigrant unlike radical muslim refugees and illegal mexicans
true but the most disgusting thing would be a muslim twerking a goat
< user > as salam o aliqum my self umar khan < number > years old muslim mulla sunni pathan karachi pakistan height < number > weight 8 0 kgs
they would have us believe that its small business and such suffering from lack of lending funds ... when really what it 's about is that they can no longer make risky investments and ride the market to make mega profits and in turn give them selves huge bonus payouts as they did pre 2007 years .... 
 cry me a river .... i 'll play my violin briefly
i ca n't be in pure they like to take your drank & # 129318;&#127998;‍ ♀ ️&#129318;&#127998;‍ ♀ ️ .. like mavericks security was n't even doing all that .
oh while i will concede that various religions have been of cultural relevance in the past , it does not mean that we should keep believing in their mithos .
i said " there is no evidence . "
did i say he did n't report to doj ?
that would take some clairvoyant abilities which i do n't have but many people like you seem to have .
please read what i say before yapping useless things .
one time i went to chicago and there was a homeless nigger railing on about jews should we support him why or why not
with automation about to destroy many millions of job , so much so that reasonable people are talking about a minimum basic income to preserve social harmony , bringing in millions of relatively uneducated , often very primitive individuals from very different cultures , seems like the very definition of policy insanity .
i wonder who will be collecting the minimum basic income , and who will be paying the taxes to provide it ?
call others ignorant and stupid say 4 th grade level things about a topic you have not researched what was it like learning about your white guilt for 1 0 0 k a year did it make you feel like a good person
trump take your yamika stained with the blood of our american patriot soldiers and move to israel with the rest of the fake jew satanic pedophile filth in like your pal jeffrey epstein .
make america free of israeli parasites again .
" rt @maggotackerley : @sollgmz @cabeilodreams e falar " " are u fucking kidding me ? ? ? ? ¿ ¿ " " "
again they are working hard to be a one term government
@rev_olutionary believe it or not that kid would still fuck ur bitch
midsommar contains raw feminine energy and heeeavy relationship dynamics .
it 's also divisive .
mine the replies here for lots of published reviews / analyses from femme and non - binary perspectives .
url
are the sjws going to be upset that matt the playa lauer was appropriating ghetto behavior waiting for the protests crickets
i 've been in this thing for years now ... but i 'm still shocked by the depths of jewish depravity at least once per day .
i fucking hate these creatures .
url
haveing a lovely birthday night with the fam a lam .
linda clayton jake syron christine syron melissa sands xx — drinking beer
reminder that about < number > out of < number > undocumented immigrants in the us are from places other than central america around < number > of that < percent > are white yet the majority of ice detainees are latinx so do not try to say this is not about race
that is a silly statement .
the jewish people had rules set out by god , and i am a gentile .
what was the evidence ?
no , i do n't use twitter , but i would be delighted if you chose to tweet this .
" i 'm in it to win it like yzerman / can drink about 15 heinekein . "
are these the musings of ' ridiculously unqualified celebrity ' ?
a modern day poet i say .
build a wall , take a head count , or put their kids in cages ...... you'll never get rid of the brown ppl .
they will still be next to you in walmart .
enjoy .
do nt feign ignorance , you are casting the state of israel in a bad light intentionally , so know what i mean .
anti - semetic means anti jewish , do nt feign ignorance on one post and talk about your amazing grades in another ....
< user > they don ’ t care about americans they only care about illegal immigrants
ezra is jewish .
yet his opponents are trying to link him to alt - right groups ?
do you think people waving nazi flags have love for a jewish guy like ezra ?
hardly !
so in the liberal mind regardless and even though mans carbon is not doing anything on climate temp increases , full speed ahead to tax us out of our economy right lib ?
so are we gon na get let ’ get married or is baby boy the closest thing to it we ’ ll ever get < user > ghettobaby
new orleans already got a reputation for violence you all want ppl to attack the tourists now
how do you stop a jewish man from smoking ?
you let him out .
these lifer politicians are foaming at the mouth to get this mess finished .
should they propel honolulu to the brink of bankruptcy and some major disaster occur , we 're done .
instead of preparing for ramifications as to north korea , or weather related or just money needed to fix infrastructure , this island will be in bad shape if this money grabbing scheme is allowed to continue on .
looking for common sense from politicians is a lost cause .
never forget if hillary had won legions of third world migrants would have been imported the horrific crimes and social breakdown we see in germany would have been repeated in the us and women would have suffered the most maga trump
the boondocks is making fun of the niggas that make tweets like this and yet here they are still making tweets like this .
y'all know the boondocks is a satire about y'all and not gay people , right ?
you 're the ass of the joke 😂 url
< user > the jews crucified christ tho
and the jew @deuterostomes favorited my tweet though .
lol .
do n't have anymore time for this trash .
ok for 1 you 're 12 get out of here for 2 fuckin knock on doors before you go in dumbass for 3 yes you 're the asshole she s 19 and in college she s fucked more guys than you 'll ever want to know just get over it
pay no attention to the ex - provost behind the curtain 

 http://www.stanforddaily.com/2017/02/23/pay-no-attention-to-the-ex-provost-behind-the-curtain/ 

 the link is to a brilliant take - down of john etchemendy .
greenberg could never grasp the deception in echemendy 's talk .
instead he arbitrarily looks to hoffer and tries but fails to draw an analogy .
hoffer 's point in the true believer was about the lack of self esteem which drove people to attach themselves to tribalism and mass movements towards totalitarian governments .
to correctly apply hoffer 's thoughts on today 's events , hoffer is describing the so - called ' forgotten ' middle americans , the despairing older white demographic that has attached itself to trump 's neo - nationalism looking for an authority figure to bring meaning to their lives thus relieving them of the bad feelings they have because they lack self - esteem on a personal basis .
greenberg , no actual intellectual , fails to understand the subjects he pretends to know .
lool it bare gyal clown i see that get no gyal 😂 they just sad cus they get no bitches but do the most to get em 😭 try harder
you know , taking up running or something would really be so much cheaper .
we need war to kill the us government and the great jew ghost
love how leftist feminists take our lingo and try and use it in a sentence you suck at this and probably bj too it why you went full carpet muncher bet you would have loved this dyke to be president
< user > surprise fucking surprise he deletes his offensive tweets once again to hide his tracks so his moron followers will claim it was fake news made by the secret plot to kill all white people
the writer has got ta have family capital invested in willamette week .
it 's the only explanation for something so obnoxious being in your pages .
same with the evil j€ws , they can go back to israel .
somehow i wish i was the man with the white today 😅 god bless the trap niggas happy october
wasps explore rugby league possibilities for ricoh arena - https://t.co/olez6i8vme https://t.co/otdwzeg5aa
< user > the logic is insane to me there ’ literally white dominicans that are racist to black dominicans lmao
pussy ass israeli scum always wanna block loooool
where do you send jewish kids with attention deficit disorder ?
concentration camp !
i know i have n't blogged in ages but some things i do n't quite want to let go of .
hard to even consider deleting my account entirely .
or let whoever is most qualified for the job ?
do n't be racist to white people
being mixed race is hard .
and i ca n't imagine how hard as it is as a parent .
my sisters and i have a " english " first name and punjabi middle names .
my brother had a punjabi first name ( which he loves ) but it got him picked on a lot .
you have to deal with people not being able to pronounce or bullying but at the same time you want to be true to you and your culture .
we plan on naming our children traditional mexican and punjabi names but trying to find ones that flow a little easier or look aesthetically a little easier .
sportsguyto : true , but its ' real meaning in that there are diversions that people latch onto to avoid dealing with the real problems that confront them right here and now ...
for 500 years the muslims of the ottoman empire offered refuge to jews persecuted by the christians .
so along come some ashkenazi jews from russia and poland and say they ca n't live with muslims , they must live in a jewish state .
while the palestinians live in shrinking ghettos israel imports laborers from around the world .
the sooner the usa figures out it 's being played for the a sucker in backing this doomed plan the better off everybody will be .
the best comment i 've heard on kerry 's speech came from an israeli journalist . "
friends do n't let friends drive drunk " was kerry 's message to bibi he said .
maybe it 's because lesbians like vaginas and you do n't have one , or maybe because you still look like a man .
i figure as a giant black guy i wanna make the best use of what little life i have left and make the world slightly better for anyone i can .
that absolutely includes you .
absolutely .
a small minority of people may have a genetic disposition to addiction .
responsibility of medical doctors for testing individuals for that possibility first before prescribing a pain killer .
otherwise it is a personal choice that people make not the fault of the company that produces the medication .
there is a already sign saying " keep out " and " no trespassing " that everyone ignores ... not sure if i had a different sign that they would suddenly start noticing .
thanks for the advice , though !
< user > there does not need to be alcohol tolerance in muslim countries you willingly go there to experience their culture and quite frankly the immigrants here are forced to come here because of white supremacies economic effects on their home countries
the glorious minds of pol created that meme do you want me to tell you what they think of their meme being spread on a t shirt for shekels by a faggot jew who fucks niggers
hozier — take me to church he said fuck the homophobic church community and fuck the government , too .
url
sorry about that .
i read it as you were from the us .
dude got banned from mtg for harassing women , constantly hates on any game with blacks or women because " sjw " " politics " and braindead fans like you support him because you know deep inside that you are the same as him , racist and sexist pieces of shit .
you know no one will ever love you for who you truly are so you stick together like parasites .
if you send a follow request and i know you , i 'll likely approve it .
if i do n't know you ... meh .
maybe .
this guy 's been dipping his beaks for 4 decades .
enough already !
" bannon does not need to be confirmed as senior counselor .
his record as a white supremacist and anti - semite is beyond dispute . "
this is being disputed , and you 've provided no evidence that your claims are true .
" i said that trump is a racist and a fascist ; he is .
i did n't say that he was an anti - semite , but the fact that he has jewish relatives does n't mean that he is n't . " -
true , but it is contradictory , that you are saying on the one hand trump is going to " promote the causes that are dear to them(anti - semites ) " , and on the other hand suggest his jewish child , and his jewish son - in - law , along with his sons jewish wives are going to merge their company with the presidency .
i think you 're just angry , filled with hate and spouting off whatever nonsense make you feel good ... i'd like to know what really has you so mad .
" you do n't seem interested in facts or evidence . " -
i 've looked at everything you 've posted and your links , calling someone a name , does not make it a fact , or evidence .
there are thousands of enviro attorneys doing quite well .
nice convention of 3,000 of them and their money seekers meeting in eugene tomorrow .
check out the local motels and hotels and count the beemers , the lexus ' and the teslas to judge how well they are doing .
she is ugly
weinstein epstein these are all jewish names they 're all part of the combo that runs this world this is just the surface of our other countries do every day to every boy and girl in this world they should all burn and burn and burn and burn
just did a world trip and i would say that south america + turkey in general were super excited about seeing asians .
kpop is big in south america and i had a girl in turkey scream and run to me excitedly asking me if i was korean / japanese .
did n't face any discrimination , and people in latin america & turkey were friendly as hell .
but in general , if you 're asian - looking , they will assume you are from asia .
had one guy in turkey said i do n't look like i 'm from america .
if anything , they may ask some ignorant - ish questions but nothing malicious .
i simply do n't believe that it 's possible for me to be social after spending all my life not being social
" just an excuse ? "
that 's an interesting way to describe the targeted murder of six people .
if it had been six jews that were killed , would you have the same objection to a motion that condemned violence against them ?
so avicii died .. does n't excuse you to repost the same shitty joke about him " waking up . "
it 's now added to the book of banned jokes 

 carry on with your day now .
< user > lets go work out there with the white bitches
sorry , i did n't get the rock reference .
and i 'm still somewhat confused .
are you referring to the wrestler / actor duane " the rock " johnson ?
but you are a little bitch .
try to come across as tough and yet you run away so easily like the bitch ass nazi fuck you are
pope francis ( the white pope ) changes the lord 's prayer ! ! !
url
ricky is a kike named art tavana so do not waste your breath bro
i might have a vagina in real life but as soon as i open up reddit i grow a dick and become male .
there are no women on reddit .
better hope for better oil prices as it 's the only thing that 's going to bail out captain crayons ......... oh wait , that 's the one thing his government is committed to undermining and trying his best to destroy .
how many billions in potential investment have already left canada since the liberals took over because of the chilling business climate they have created ?
money - pit bombardier good , resource extraction and pipelines bad .
deep down everyone knew our economy perked up only because of the housing bubble we 're eventually going to implode over .
how are the millennials who voted for these clowns dealing with the government 's position that stable , full time jobs are a thing of the past and we 're going to have to get used to running around making ends meet with 2 - 4 part time positions ?
delete me out this foolishness , nigger
the truth is if mexican immigrants were going to vote republican the democrats would have already built a wall visible from space stefan molyneux
< user > < user > asians have always been poc asians east asians were considered yellow and part of the mongoloid race our treatment throughout american history also has marked us as other and non white
those damn white baptist done pulled another # terrorism attack in manhattan again .
a jew walks into a bar i lied , it was a concentration camp .
just being born a christian , jew or muslim does not make you spiritual .
that is the big lie being told .
just reading a book over and over again or going to some building once a week does not make you spiritual .
again the lies .
to gain inner knowledge requires work on your self , it is process .
it requires hard , not just repeating some mantra .
this is how we create so many narcissists in canada with these religions .
the women is an idiot and if left in office she will destroy german identity .
she like many germans still feeling guilty for what the nazi 's did to the jews and they think that taking in muslims by the hundreds of thousands will erase that guilt .
wrong   most germans alive today were not born when the nazi 's were killing jews .
> humane immigration system maybe you could volunteer to suck off every central american in holding and challenge them afterwards to some one on one smash bro time ?
seems way more productive then helping out homeless americans at the soup kitchen or planting a tree .
on fucking god & # 128557 ; buddy should went out like scarface https://t.co/kgn0uxzvxn
and yet here we are focused on repealing obamacare .
nigga i love joyners music but fuckk isis & fuck the american army too , u guys ai nt worth shit and do nt have the balls to battle on field xd hshtagtank hashtagnuclear hashtagairplanes # fortheinnocent # childrenkillers
warlords lord over war .
but the u.s. does n't bunker down with the townsfolk .
i think there might be a geneva violation in there some where .
if not , there ought to be .
it 's like the jihadist are deciding to sacrifice normies for the cause without their approval .
what normal - minded muslim would submit willingly to jihadist fascism ?
it does n't come out until this sunday .
it 's also a netflix production and only partly funded by the cbc , so if it 's " in the same vein of almost every show on cbc " , then it would still need to survive in the american tv environment .
do not kill yourself for spurs when my child is not in the car if you walk into the road i will carry on driving straight at you
these two a days are fucking killing me , i ca n't feel my legs , arms , i feel like i 'm legit gon na die
wanting to meet mras in the perth metro region 
 if there are any mras who would like to meet up in perth ( wa ) , please drop me a line on secretdiaryofchristinaheaslet@gmail.com
nothing .
religion is an evil and all religious people should be killed for the greater good .
inshallah all zionists rot in hell
fuck i 'd fucking ruin your little pretty pussy with my cum
i dissent the pact between jews muslims to rig the towers with thermite while promising the arabs the usa in return the jew world order
what type of bank jew will never own ?
piggy bank .
in order to further vancouver 's green city agenda , the use of natural gas is to be banned .
all households will have to look at alternate sources of energy , and replace furnaces , hot water heaters , stoves ... all gas appliances .
this policy will also apply to public institutions like schools and hospitals .
is this also the plan for the federal liberals ?
will they be following vancouver 's green city policy to reduce carbon emissions to the lowest level possible ?
jacob jacob jacob is a fucking icon legend legend legend!1!1 ! !
and by immigrants i mean anyone not descendent of europeans who moved here in the 1 8 th 1 9 th century immigrants who are descended from africans arabs asians etc have their homelands fix your own house before you enter ours
it 's the same mob mentality .
but instead of muslims or immigrants , it 's the mentally disabled / ill .
you 'd be surprised how far people go .
this whole thing at school caused people to male false tips that lead to me .
i even got searched at school ( without a warrant ) and i was basically the scapegoat for anything that could have a body count .
shhh let the incel live in his fantasy
so essentially any economic bad news , no matter how small or short lived is immediately attributed to brexit now - by the same interests and organizations that pushed project fear - then published by alt - left sites like the g&m. 

 does that cover it ?
what 's the similarity between a wench and a wrench ?
both are not genders .
the main reason you do not come here much is because any time you post anything you are immediately outed for the filthy kike you are
this nigga still keep calling his ex girl after we been together for almost a year and wanna keep apologizing ever time he calls 😂 😂 😂 on god run my fade you pussy ass no bars having ass nigga 👌 🏼 👌 🏼@itsyoungjugg
yay trump help jew he not racist like cnn say haha stoopid liberal this is so fucking retarded no one even knows who this shlomo is got on with freeing assange already someone who actually matters
< user > < user > nigga called him gay for being athletic lmfao
# rickandmortyseason3 legit on tv @rickandmorty @adultswim you crazy bastards
rt @backtobriality : & # 8220;@overlyliked : only real niggas know no matter how hungry you are , you better let these bitches cool off !
http://t.co/t&#8230 ;
what ’s the difference between a jew and a pokémon trainer ?
one is named ash , the other * is * ash
what ’s the difference between a bullet and a jew one actually leaves the chamber
< user > all for anti racism all because white people are afraid to be called anti racist slurs like nazi and racist anti racism is reverse racism
ha ha ha look at this you a kike bro < user > ‍
fox news is so desperate to change subject they are now talking about how robert de niro got upset waiting for his ride and how full of white privilege he is and oh how he used to be a good actor wow pitiful wtf tucker
how about the homeless people just go get jobs working for the rich people and earn the money to pay for housing .
liberal mob forms human chain to prevent ice from detaining illegal immigrant in tennessee url
that 's not a very logical conclusion .
i 'm sure a lot of people in poland and russia were surprised by the tsunami of death that the nazi invasion created .
some of the people who were alert enough to realize that it was going to happen got out of the way .
the christian thing to do is to realize that a tsunami of pain , suffering and death is headed our way and look for ways to help people .
> plenty of full asian americans ( and other asians in diaspora ) to choose from .
fluent in chinese , portuguese , english , and korean who is young enough and interested in being kpop with passion , talent , and charisma for it is a tiny number
exhausting is okay .
it means you 're in the game .
you 're on the way up and you 're not on the way down . -
lee rosen # quote
the barbecue sauce comment really affected my psyche but you do not want to fight a gay cannibal
when you 're really really really broke and hungry , you can never go wrong with pao tsin .
trust me .
proven and tested .
these atlanta men ruthless as hell .
" gimme yo number "   damn hello , how are you my nigga ?
🥴 😒
what do you call a shit ton of jews on a train ?
whatever you want , they 're not coming back
he 's deadass got giant red lips you slackjawed mook
that 's enough sour grapes projection and white women bootlicking , yuck
you guys called harper a dictator too .
you compared rob ford   to hitler .
yadda yadda yadda ,
let 's get one thing straight , zionism will be the death of america !
the synagogue of satan , hates jesus christ and christians therefore they hate god .
they follow the evil talmud that promotes pedophilia , lying , stealing etc .
the evil jews fly rempham 's star , the hexagram on their flag .... wake up america !
they are devils ..
fuck you son of a bitch and birth of a filthy religion
dr. duke really drives into the nerve center of communism in this video clip .
today is a fucking shitty day and i ca n't wait for it to end .
calling yourself * preferred gender * is more valid than calling a car or ship a girl or anything
the party of democrats supports safe places and crying rooms .
with each page i read of " white power " i see more of myself in george lincoln rockwell .
😁 i was permanently suspended for offering a new game in which you guess what celebrities had to do to get famous 😄 i guessed ashton kutcher took it balls deep apparently that s homophobic or fag shaming or some gay shit 😂 🤣 😂 😂
why did i as a teen look up to the basic white bitches amongst me at school
i think it is time for the uo to start looking at what percentage of students are securing employment in the fields they are majoring in and adjusting the number of students allowed to major in those fields accordingly .
just how many sociology and environmental studies majors do we need serving us coffee ?
if we 're going to cut faculty positions , let 's at least make sure we are cutting those who contribute the least to the university 's mission .
how did my jewish mother dig out of a sad hole in her life ?
she did n't because it was at bergen - belsen
but is n't israel   an apartheid nation bent on destroying the lives and will of the palestinian people ?
by insisting on a one state solution that defines israel as a jewish state and forces palestinians to live behind concrete walls and under israeli merciless rule , israel is a pretend democracy .
netanyahu said there would be no two state solution , so all else is just a lie to get american money .
iran is mired in a   stone age mentality and is fighting the hatred that comes from decades of american domination .
when iran conducts an illegal " shock and awe campaign " on its neighbors and kills hundreds of thousands of them , maybe then they would replace my country , the us , as the greatest terrorist in the region .
iran works to keep regimes in place ?
they would have to go a long way to equal what the us has done and is doing .
i fear trump is just paving the way for invading iran .
nothing i wrote is anti - jewish , it is anti - netanyahu .
hugh massengill , eugene oregon
ugh why is it that i wake up n wanna go back2bed .. not wake up do stuff and take a nap later in the day .
i wanna have some tea maybe food n & # 128564;&#128564 ;
1/ " you 'd be wise to keep your mouth shut from here on out or i"ll put a bullet in you so fast it will make your head spin .
"disney surveillance just now -- fuck off jew .
huh .
i gave you a recent concrete example of how sociopolitical pressure resulted in a change in market policy that you yourself are counting in your negative factor column .
and you have no substantive response along with condescension ?
okay .
hope the rest of your day is better and that no one you care about lives near one of these forest fires .
cheers .
< user > while jewish involvement is undeniable muslims are the ones who are actually raping and murdering across europe do not get me wrong oven the jews too but my hatred of muslims will always be greater and more personal
are there any sources that state that it was trotsky who reiceived the money and was responsible for destruction of black hundreds , as opposed to lenin or another bolshevik leader ?
fake conservatives everywhere supporting these refugees scum
podhoretz is kike trash that needs a horrific reckoning
fuk every jew u are part of the bolshevik jews that killed < number > million christians fuk u dog shit
if you want improvement in society then fucking do something .
calling someone racist for something they did in ignorance is n't progress
i bet my friend $ 6 i could get him laid the man from the woods was very excited
unless you are a nonwhite right not saying you should accept or tolerate our globalist brethren or you have to associate with us but to accept that there are based kikes and niggers as frustrated and upset as you
long term , jews are actually worse for your society than niggers .
there were so many times each of the members came super close to us ; got it all on video and i 'll be making a vlog ♡ # btsinanaheim
ca nt say over the net what i do every day for our cause but you can bet i do my part .
80 % of muslims believe a man has the right to beat his wife if she disobeys him .
54 % of muslims believe homosexuals can be punished with death .
90 % of all muslims believe a woman is worth 1/2 the value of a man .
60 % of all muslims believe killing jews is not a crime .
80 % of muslims want sharia law in america . .
yea we want that in canada and justin is making sure we get it .
# 2017alreadytaughtme to be humble & amp ; going for everything i want unlike other years where i make new years resolution bt dnt stick to dem
so you use the jew run media brainwashing service to give credit to soo few black people ?
lmao gay moment at the end there
have 2 team members , sticking with this for now .
thanks , everyone .
^.^
how ignorant can she be ?
her father has caused a significant rise in acts of hatred across north america and she singles out jews to be protected and not muslims .
her family has blood on its hands and they are the biggest threat to minorities in the us .
pathetic .
the who - tommy and quadrophenia live with friends ( dvd , 2005 , 3 - disc set ) https://t.co/mm9rhsbucz https://t.co/lk1wvy88ut
ah , i 'm unintelligent for suggesting mentally ill people should be in mental hospitals , but the guy i replied to is intelligent because he saw a felony so he should go straight to prison .
go .
fuck .
yourselves .
the only friend i 've ever had when i was in middle school died 
 car accident .
who knew the globe was a staunch defender of the kkk 's rights .
after all , the kkk cloak represents religious purity , prejudice against homosexuals , anti - semitism - and so does the niqab , all over the world , without exception .
but the niqab means feminism and modesty in canada ( just canada ) .
i 'm still waiting for the globe 's piece in the life section with three klansmen pushing their kids on swings in the park - they just wear the cloak for modesty and to represent their faith , nothing to do with support of violence towards homosexuals and jews ... does this sound ridiculous , because it is   - let 's defend a symbol that is synonymous with violence against homosexuals - as the niqab is most common in countries that punish homosexuality with jail or worse ( often the death penalty ) .
but in canada it means modesty and independence - the niqab 's supporters are pathetic .
let 's encourage a symbol that is only common in countries where women are treated like second class citizens ...
" a muslim might refuse to something for a patron because of the fact that alcohol is served ... " 
 actually , that is exactly the sort of thing that will be allowed to occur if the baker wins this case .
" ... then what about if you owned a bakery and a white supremacist was holding a gathering for other white supremacists and ordered a cake for the gathering , you would be required to fulfill his request .
how would you feel about that ? "
if they wanted a run - of - the - mill birthday cake , then yes , i would provide that item .
if they wanted a cake decorated that said " kill all the filthy jews " , then i would explain that i find that objectionable , but would be willing to sell them the cake and the materials with which to decorate the cake .
i 'd side with the baker if the latter was the situation ( the couple wanted the cake decorated in a manner that the baker found objectionable ) .
if the couple went in and wanted # 17 from the wedding cake catalog , then what the baker did was discrimination .
donald trump just blamed all the muslims for the problems in the world ...... 
 adolf hitler blamed all of the jews for all of the problems in the world ....... 
 supporters of trumpelthinskin not only are you uneducated you are the problem ! ! !
you also lost the popular vote and trump has some of the lowest approval ratings in the past hundred years of a president going in the office those are called facts ...... 
 i know it 's hard for you to understand !
putin is massing troops on his eastern border with alaska ........ 
 fox news will not tell you the truth until it is way too late !
trumpelthinskin is selling alaska back to russia ! ! ! ! !
buh bye comrades 
 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 ☠ ️ 💀 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🆘 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💥 🔥 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨 💨
promiscuity ?
are you from the 16th century ?
jesus christ , relax grandpa .
i am so upset that big nosed kikess julie segall did not like my video
@mailonline cut his dic off n shove it up his ass hole n sew it up
just curious @a but what will you do when isis starts tryin to recruit using @gab ?
what 's the difference between a pirate and a jew ?
a jew has a hook on his face .
midnight 's dick is bigger than mine .
his skin is darker .
he ai n't got my chicken legs .
and he has more ig followers .
am i jealous ?
hell fucking yea !
😒 but it takes teamwork to climb this mountain .
@seanzevran   big dicks unite !
url url url
fire them all and hire illegals they are cheaper .
sen. gillibrand : " i can talk to those white women in the suburbs that voted for trump and explain to them what white privilege actually is — that when their son is walking down the street with a bag of m&ms ... wearing a hoodie , his whiteness is what protects him from not being shot "
the " occasional frivolous lawsuit " ?
a company with as many billions in the bank as google has ?
the attorney feeding frenzy would spatter blood from new york to san francisco !
and that 's just from the attorneys !
holding google liable or just subject to a lawsuit for what outsider or gary crum put on a personal website based on its content is bogus !
devastated and desolated due to heroin , meth , and feeble minded politicians .... right you are !
there are many ways to promote antisemitism 😃 an example is becoming a landlord and cutting off zog - funds with fair , competitive rent prices 😁
no it is not accepted and it is pushed in our face by the joo run media time and time again but most people who dissaprove of mixed raced relationships just ignore the people involved .
my parents had us attend a presbyterian and a methodist church growing up ( switched churches when we moved towns ) .
in the grand scheme of religion in the usa , these are two very mild denominations .
in fact , presbyterians ( pcusa ) now allow for openly gay / lesbian ordained pastors .
they still have a long ways to go regarding equality and lgbtq issues , but they are moving in the right direction .
prostitutes 
 i will probably see one over the course of the holidays , i 'm feeling pretty low inhibition for some reason
damn !
damn sure there is real piece of shit people .
if sodoma and gomorrah was true , where is god to get rid of shitty people ?
" she fought passionately for what she believed in " that one 's easy !
money !
zionist using this wahhabi terrorist nation undeveloped animal   to destroying meddleast countries for israil
well it makes no difference .
consider what 's actually part of muslim teaching ... 

 “ kill the unbelievers wherever you find them . ”
koran 2:191 
 “ make war on the infidels living in your neighbourhood . ”
koran 9:123 
 “ when opportunity arises , kill the infidels wherever you catch them . ”
koran 9:5 
 “ any religion other than islam is not acceptable . ”
koran 3:85 
 “ the jews and the christians are perverts ; fight them . ” …
koran 9:30 
 “ maim and crucify the infidels if they criticize islam ” koran 5:33 
 “ punish the unbelievers with garments of fire , hooked iron rods , boiling water ; melt their skin and bellies . ”
koran 22:19 
 “ the unbelievers are stupid ; urge the muslims to fight them . ”
koran 8:65 
 “ muslims must not take the infidels as friends . ”
koran 3:28 
 “ terrorize and behead those who believe in scriptures other than the qur’an . ”
koran 8:12 
 “ muslims must muster all weapons to terrorize the infidels . ”
koran 8:60
< user > lmfao girl how you come up with this it makes sense tho cause niggas fuck every hoe raw 🤮
after 84 attack .
there are zero attacks by sikhs .
eastern europeans have no more right to be in ireland than people from elsewhere .
@tufailelif to begin with , get rid of the black tents that suffocate the poir muslim ladies !
what kind of shit must you write , honestly , no knowledge , no sense of humor , no maturity
@aig " why god hates pride " ..... funny how he 's supposed to be " all loving " until you twist it all round in your hate filled bigoted manner .
how about you stop persecuting other people and just concentrate on getting your own house in order ?
you have 2000 years to catch up on .
white guy murders asian student days before her wedding .
it was n't a part of the platform .
they knee - jerked over a human smuggler 's son 's death and fully ignored that the father was a human smuggler who wanted to get free dental in the uk .
what 's the difference between a gas tank and a gas chamber ?
you do n't fill a gas tank with jews .
pope francis ' predecessor , when he was prefect of the cdf , make it quite clear that god created women because the animals could not " satisfy " his " loneliness ' and so that adam - and all men thereafter - could also avoid a " baneful and in the end , sterile encounter with himself " . (
and that was before eve ruined it all . )
as such , the only " joy " that is relevant is that she " satisfy " the male .
it 's time for pope francis to get in line with the sacred tradition and teaching of the church and cut out all this silliness about " moms " .
no one gives a shit , no one can help 
 sad
what kind of confidence in the success of the marriage is achieved in crafting a prenuptial agreement ?
is n't marriage more than a mingling of bank accounts ?
when you get married , i think it signals downstream problems if you say , i love you , but i love my property or money more so here sign this agreement .
it 's insulting that the future mother - in - law does n't trust him to start .
there 's trouble in this scenario and the woman has to break away from the purse strings and manipulation of the mother .
an agreement and communication between the couple is the paramount .
forget the mother - in law .
but remember love is a spiritual union as much as an economic one .
why hire anybody , spud is a quantum physicist , as well as a river rafter , boxer , and dramatic emoter
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
if jesus held to the jewish belief to populate the earth , where are all his children 's children ?
it seems to me a celibate male priesthood is a direct violation of god 's command .
consequently demanding laity to be open to children with every sexual act is hypocrisy at it 's finest .
what 's the difference between harry potter and jews ?
harry escaped the chamber
of course not .
most of the men always make a girl think that he like her .
the reality is they just looked without intentions .
wow thanks to having a gab ai i just realized how much less trash there is facebook the internet ghetto is littered hopefully this is the downfall of ghetto book
* why not cast a transgender african - amarican as mulan too eh ? *
clearly muslims and their religions imams do n't want to be held back or held accountable for the blatant    hatreds they spew about jews , gays and christians ,   but they want to make sure they can take   legal action against anybody who speaks the truth of islam 's hypocrisies .
like me .
why should english - speaking catholics be told by italian and spanish - speaking prelates in rome how to pray in their own language ?
still downtown with these bitches .
i 'm disappointed in richardson ; he should or does know that a correct " headline " for his press conference , if a press conference was even necessary , would have been " potential voter fraud cases referred for criminal investigation " , but that does n't have the same click - bait value .
he 's stated he 's not running for governor in this election because he wants to concentrate on being secy of state , but it certainly appears he 's setting the stage for the next one , or angling for a " draft " .
hope he does n't get too distracted .
the writers / editors at the globe and mail .
there is probably more thought put into the headlines than the articles themselves .
the overarching goal is to grab eyeballs / generate clicks .
thus this headline referred to an article down in the list rather than the first couple referenced .
you would probably fail a job interview with the press because , although your suggested headline is better / more accurate , it would lack the required level of click - bait appeal .
aboriginal wolf from 3 little piggies he ’ll huff and puff and he ’ll pass out
" i do nt even need a picture of tamar , that bitch is beat in every picture"&#128514;&#128557;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
triggered trashida is anti - god .
let it sink in .
seriously .
url
so lets gets this straight .
secular progressive liberals , who consistently bash and attack the jewish , christian and catholic faiths , who consistently insist religion has no place in a modern and secular society , who consistently bashed and closed down the office of religious freedoms , are now all - of - a - sudden interested in more legislation , that essentially does what several other discrimination and hate crime laws ( and the charter ) already does and thus increase the protection for one particular religious faith , but not the others .
all in response to the tragic attack on a mosque by a known jack layton/ ndp supporter .
and , when conservatives want to expand the law to include all faiths , and protect a fundamental charter right that is freedom of speech , and freedom of religion , liberals accuse them of watering down the law in some devious and cynical political ploy .
alice , we are in some strange and ridiculous world with dear leader justin at the helm .
girls should not care about your opinion .
@that_ashton_kid girls should not participate in no shave november
boy- the fight against apartheid was sooooo worth it -- make africa safe for african dictators bringing down their countries   to stone age levels !
work so well in zimbabwe !
where are all the protesters now ?
health care , like everything else is suffering from underfunding .
more and more people aging , more and more obese , diabetic and just plain unhealthy people all needing care .
if something is worth it , it is worth paying for .
the conservative tax cutters knocked approximately $ 19 billion off the federal budget while in office to please their " small government " supporters but in order to get re - elected they were unable to cut services like healthcare resulting in debt , deficits and underfunded services .
my family fortunately has never suffered an ongoing complicated illness and we are very happy with the health care system but i can understand the problems that maybe more complicated long term care causes ... there are no other solutions other than to pay more or .. suck it up .
complaining does n't solve anything .
one can always say " what people are trying to say ... " , but what really counts is " what people really want to pay to see " .
for example if film producers feel that scarlett j can play the role of a japanese , physically disabled , mentally challenged , transgender character in a movie and still sell tickets , and thus making a profit ...... guess who gets the part for the movie ? .....
and are you blaming scarett j for accepting the role ?
so here something i have had a hunch about so i have yet to really look into in their plan after white have been all but extinct seeing as they d be the last civilized group left they d go after the asians next
end your spiritual violence against black queer and trans people now .
end your physical violence against black queer and trans people now .
kirkuk is a powder keg that was arabized by saddam , and the government before him , by disenfranchising the kurds and placing arabs from the south into all key and most lesser administrative posts , including those managing o&g. there is a well developed hatred between the 2 factions and it will soon require another sociopath like saddam to maintain the peace once things start to wobble - and they will .
i own you bitch because you had to delete < number > years worth of pedophile content to prove that you are not a dirty kike pedophile
yo what the fuck you 're deadass a pussy
i like my women like i like my jews ... cooking .
fucking yid everytime
hysterical over - reaction exactly describes the targeted liberal islamophobia motion rather than encompassing all religions ....... this just after imams in canada were discovered targeting their hatred and calls to kill jews .
to see queer people keeping each other down makes me so sad because i 've been around for a long time - i 've seen the people who came before us fight for what we have right now , and they did not fight like that for us to go backwards .
michelle visage
i think freedom of religion is great , i think breaking gender roles is great , i think freedom of speech / self expression is great , i think economic migration can be a good thing and i think , simply put , that everyone should have equal rights upon birth .
what inspire me is teaching african refugees how to program javascript what inspires me is finding out how to use maglev trains to get resources to the moon these are the challenges that tomorrow going to face
harriot tubman should n't be on the $ < number > bill she should be on a $ < number > bill
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
would it be better to declare talmudic judaism a enemy of the united states and exterminated from our society grope gate shows the world it is jews that are pedophiles not the muslims dead jewish goat raped to death by jews
why does it smell like black sesame mochi
in europe black men rape women , muslims beat their wives and syrians are said to screw goats .
and you are an awful person .
in the name of god .
it 's cool .
china and japan have massive economies and massive populations , they 'll out breed us soon and eat up all the nutrients and then all the racists will die and it 'll be worth it .
fuck : kikes spicks niggers faggots trannys commies faggot niggers   dirty zionist kikes jews jews jews dune coons your mom anal gaping aids carrying faggots jews again talib kweli donald trump   niggers   jews and jews .
niggas can be whoever they want to be in tweets got to remember that when you are online dating
white nations for white people want a future deport jews with the arabs
jihad against the jews , of course
what is the point of this opinion piece ?
islamophobia is a as great a problem as islamic extremism ?
the west , while professedly anti - racist , is a seething cauldron of intolerance ?
while the writer rightly condemns acts of intolerance she overlooks the bigger picture .
the fact of the matter is that while many intolerant people live in europe and north america ( no one has yet found a way to idiot proof a society ) those regions of the world are the most tolerant in history .
the fact she quotes figures released by the lord mayor of london , a muslim , suggests that religious and ethnic minorities can do quite well for themselves in the racist hell hole of modern day britain .
moreover , muslim immigrants , like it or not , hail from among the most intolerant countries in the world .
how are the jewish and lgbt minorities faring in the muslim world ?
i suspect that they would give their eye teeth if their countries had the level of intolerance the author complains of in the uk .
vegas shooting- how many cameras is needed to record nothing
it would be far from the first time jews come up with a fake hate crimes and besides all they do in general , so they 're guilty until proven innocent .
the evidence of sessions ' racism was enough to prevent his confirmation as a federal judge .
some think that his record since then suggests some rehabilitation ; i doubt it .
i think he will be confirmed , and that as attorney general he will pursue policies designed to weaken the protection of the civil and voting rights of minority communities .
we 'll see .
bannon does not need to be confirmed as senior counselor .
his record as a white supremacist and anti - semite is beyond dispute .
as ceo at breitbart , he embraced the so - called ' alt - right ' which recently emerged from the shadows to show its true colors as a full - blown neo - nazi movement , complete with nazi slogans and gestures .
i said that trump is a racist and a fascist ; he is .
i did n't say that he was an anti - semite , but the fact that he has jewish relatives does n't mean that he is n't .
today trump once again expressed his contempt for the constitution .
you do n't seem interested in facts or evidence .
obamacare raised taxes on single people with an adjusted gross income over $ 200,000 and married couples with an agi over $ 250,000 .
you call that middle class ?
you got ta hit her with " did you just assume my gender " * * * modern problems require modern solutions
the guy is compare to a healthy man a very under developped creature .
it`s level 13 year in sexual behavior probable unable to act with an adult woman in an eleborated loving way , it is to freihtning to start and to maintaun a egal level , no playing and dommenating young unexperience children , wow , what a hero !
probable bracked about it to , in compagny of that kind of non developed imbecile s , that`s what they are imbeciles !
i thought only the jews got numbers on their arms
how do you make a suicidal person happy ?
tell them isis is recruiting
omm episodes 9 & amp ; 10 of 13 reasons why had me fucked up
russians troll trump , release photos of meeting
what 's the worst part about being a black jew ?
getting told to get in the back of the oven
my general advice is to not come out untill you know you are safe .
always prioritize your own health above coming out .
if it 's safe to come out , start small .
get some one on your side first .
maybe a good friend of yours who can then be there for you to support you while you come out to the rest of your friends / family .
anyway , i wish you the best of luck !
you are an amazing human being and i love you ! !
you are valid and you got this ! ! !
40 % of trannies
@potterheadfrost wtf is wrong with these ppl omg
especially keep your religion out of the halls of congress .
what in the world were kelly and the other " christians " doing injecting their religious beliefs onto the floor of the state legislature ?
would they have welcomed a muslim or a hindu or even a jew to comment on their religious distortions on the floor of the senate ?
just do your damned jobs and get the financial mess straightened out .
and jesus ai n't gon na be any help in that department either .
south africans should not come to the usa they should stay and fight if < number > m whites can not whip 1 0 x their number in niggers they are not real whites the usa will not save you we are a bunch of kiked out christian faggots not unlike yeah good luck pieter pooeters
incels is your side profile worse than your front ?
fucking come on , shadab khan what a talent .
four wickets for him .
fuck war fuck bullying fuck cancer fuck racism fuck sexual harassment fuck depression fuck anxiety fuck school and bills fuck corruption fuck white supremacy fuck violence
my ghetto has limits like i ’ m down for whatever but don ’ t be doing too much 🥴 🤏 🏾
nvm it 's all good nothing is wrong with bitches ( (:
except the evidence suggests that they will not go to a larger centre where a college is located , particularly those from lower income families .
http://publications.gc.ca/collection/statcan/11f0019mie/11f0019mie2003201.pdf 

 education has to consider opportunity and equity , something a private business does not have to think about .
wow , that goldy is seriously racist .
it appears that levant is a self - hating   jew out to torment his brothers and sisters .
the rebel is promoting hatred and division and canada and should be investigated by the rcmp .
" " " at the end of the day he is always going to be my gary " " ❤ hasta luego maricarmen .
shippando sin frenos me voy directa contra un muro , fuck "
try thinking , mourning .
a vocation well lived .
rest in the peace of your father .
my advice is just do not be too nice to niggas
bannon has already returned to harassment of jews .
bill nye all jews should die
< user > i m not lol i m categorizing middle school white kids and asians as horrible fighters
once i get comfortable around you you ’ re gone think i ’ m fucking retarded lol
saturday night truecel rollcall 
 if you 're posting here it 's over
if that silver is not an ovenable rat faced kike i do not know what is
< user > why are white guys always such whiny little bitches
oh boo hoo , if we sound like armed hoodlums , it comes from a place of pain .
get yer hankies out , albertie is a - whining again .
i 'm surprised they do n't blame jewish bankers and the masonic lodge .
he may have attended robert e. lee high .
he thinks it 's free speech only if one can get away with yelling " kill the jews and blacks " .
if you yell " kill the nazis and white supremacists " , that 's not protected by free speech .
when a fic has “ smell of ” in its title and you just know … those a b o bitches
stupid white trash alert !
what ’s the difference between a bullet and a jew the bullet leaves the chamber .
when are indians going to join the american tribe and stop whining about the past ?
jews have a similar or worse past yet seek to integrate not segregate themselves .
what ’s worse than a jew in a gas chamber ?
a muslim in a hot tub
i have zero f to give to someone who had it all but still could not get out of the ghetto mentally
what 's the difference between a slim jew and a fat jew ?
the fat jew burns longer .
i wish the 4ish year old   blind child i saw last night using a probing cane lives a fun and love filled life .
i 'm a thumbs up , pissed off when you ( of all over my time where rocky stepped right type of what they full of heat seekers
i 'm old enough to predate it slightly , and agreed , how has this become the default position of all white western nations ?

yep and who pushed the civil rights thing which made niggers far worse you got it the joos they are worse than niggers ever thought about being
zionism is the epitome of evil we must demand that the us congress ceases the funding of the atrocities committed by zionists against palestinians gazans lebanese any other muslim country or people iran will never bow to israel or saudi arabia the world will not either
< user > < user > ok let me send some illigal jihadi migrates in to your home
well @panerabread you really let me down by not giving me a heads up on getting rid of my favorite salad ...
rt @sadgyalcries : i 'm just so fucking horny all the time ......... https://t.co/3e6zdalxyg
the malay deserve education the most
kill yourself sjw trash
nineteen kids were accidentally injured by gunfire from march 19 - 26 , 

 and sixteen people accidentally shot themselves during that time .
six minors were killed in gun accidents during the week , ages 2 , 4 , 8 , 11 , 13 and 16 .
< user > man sk smashing them white cakes
very short nose for a hispanic whilst arabs also have long noses moroccans and north africans tend not to he could be from the middle east but it would be an outrageous construction for the cops
disney must make a story about filipino
did you know that germany came up with sparkling water who else would have thought of adding gas
the holohoax ( sic ) did n't happen , but the holocaust , in which the nazi 's gassed , starved and shot 6 million jews did indeed happen .
you can admit this irrefutable truth and still be proud of your german heritage , mr. groth .
trans women are women !
you 're beautiful , you 're a woman , and you 're living the dream !
<3
an interesting sentiment but only a sentiment nonetheless trump has emboldened the grip israel has on america he has largely overlooked the jew owned federal reserve and given free reign to kike bank goldman sachs both of whom were fined billions for crashing the global economy in < number > < number > maga
how do jews celebrate christmas ?
they install a parking meter on the roof .
so three people are ignorant and your not .
in this g = case i go with the majority .
why the problem with the japans and the jews ?
jealous of their success ?
what do you call a retarded jew ?
auschwitistic
my grandma made me up a jewish pie .
keep in mind she ’s a nazi .
i love your big tits , but i think they need my dick between them
being a former avid mountain biker and now a road biker - i must say i agree .
if they want to mountain bike then let them make and manage their own trails .
lol at this homo projecting gay shit onto normal art .
< user > they are not refugees they are not fleeing they are coming because you are a ferry
when are an r / incels poster , there are people monitoring your post history , waiting for you to post outside of r / incels , so they can leave a comment on your post telling everyone to check your post history
khadr 's sister has never changed her views .
there are recent blogs to the effect that if you can not be a true muslim you must leave your mosque .
that includes vilifying homosexuality and refusal to integrate into canadian society .
no questioning of belief is permissible .
not to mention her support of terrorism !
in what universe would it be ok for khadr to associate freely with this woman ?
and with 10 million to donate to one if her favourite " charities " .. 
 chretien was duped by the father ... let us not make a similar mistake .
oh look , charles m blow 's story is trending again .
every single time he writes something it trends , wtf ?
creeping toward crisis
< user > alvin is a jihadist
i can understand the confusion .
historically , the segment of our society that most objected to the repeal of liquor prohibition were the bootleggers .
but i am curious , what do we coloradans do with that all that seized illegal pot ?
no mention of that in the article .
why is that ?
is it auctioned to legal shops ?
is it burnt ?
is it sent to puerto rico ?
just asking .
had a dream that the impractical jokers joined @edsheeran on stage and sang perfect with him , it was great & # 128525;&#128514 ;
if you 're not in /new/ , you 're not an incel .
nice got a score of 10k , lets see how close back to 0 we can get
contact me for a shirt that is black and in white says the global minority front white people on the back
i suppose they 're trying to be funny , but it 's really just an effort to continue demonizing germans and propagating the holocau $ t .
i fucking hate white socks they literally make me feel like a whole other person when i am wearing them
why does everything have to be gay with you ?
kike puppets run usa
is anything owned by gentiles anymore in this country the kike freaks own everything
pro america is pro america ..... not pro israhell or anybody else !
site c is also for export to the west coast grid in the usa .
deep ecologists should put that in their koolaide and gulp .
straight couples have love and commitment in their relationships ? ? ?
you 're an idiot !
oh no the sky is falling !
you know their is congress right .
you comparing this to 1940 germany is insulating to the jews that were exterminated .
my grandpa lost his sister , aunts and other loved ones during this time .
so stop with the bs you sound like a mental case .
and bernie voted to pay for those wars almost every single time ... you guys are in love with who you think and wish bernie is and not who his record says he is .. wake up
you ca n't play me for a fool my niggah
roses are red violets are blue where is my foreskin ?
oh wait i 'm a jew .
rt @d_fields516 : 23 .
travis fucking scott https://t.co/6fiwhbo1n7
what 's the difference between a white person , a black person , and a jew ?
the difference in temperature
bc and the other provinces wanted 5.2 % , and the feds offered 3.5 % .
but bc does n't have to worry about a percent or two , after all it will just hit up the taxpayer for even higher increases in premiums .
the bc liberals raised medical premiums 10 % for 2017 , to $ 1800 a year , for the average middle income family of two .
so that 's an extra 3 billion dollars or so a year the province can collect , 

 there are many inequities in a fee system that sees low income earners pay a much higher percentage vis a vis income than higher income earners , and also sees politicians and public sector workers getting their premiums covered .
if we levelled the playing field and had everyone pay proportionate to   income , then those that have to pay their own premiums out of after tax earnings , would see their costs fairly drop .
< user > < user > if saying nigger to someone makes them respond violently that person has no place in society violent animals belong in cages when is the last time you heard kike or faggot or any other slur as the basis for violence words are just words sticks and stones etc
< user > < user > coming from someone who finds it necessary to kill all the cows in this country in the name of global warming
the heretical antipope of marxism has spoken never mind this pesky pedophilia problem but let invite every last moslem into christendom
< user > um says the woman who openly and publicly called for violence and harassment on republicans 🤔 democraticlogic
& # 128076;performance # nextlevel # nayanthara # dora & # 128663 ; response in hyderabad theatres fr nayan z shocking .. 1st tym damn happening @vigneshshivn
i swear them white claws put me in a good ass mood make me love everybody 😂 😂
yo nigga talk to you crazy cause you living like you need his ass
the liberanos would make the mafia blush with these kinds of changes .
when will the insatiable greed of government be satisfied??what will the phoney excuse be next time they are short of money ? ?
get you hand out of my pocket , we do not need the nanny state in this country .
did n't work in venezuela , wo n't work here
a jew a muslim and a arab all jump off a cliff to see who hits the ground first who wins ?
society
i do n't think i 'm ready for the final episode .
but i 'm expecting everybody to die .
i ca n't see it in any other way . & #
128298;&#128298;&#128298 ; # g_tekketsu
after watching these photos i got strange feeling they remind me somehow of nazi wehrmacht old photos .
i was having sex with this girl she was on all four while i pull her hair 

 i could nt understand what “ woof ” and “ arf ” means though
i ca n't remember which one of the four horsemen set it but did n't one of them back louis farrakhan who thinks that all jews and all white people need to die ?
and all the tds - addled barking seals happy ....
you hear about the kid who got stabbed playing pokémon go ?
he walked into a bad neighborhood .
probably was looking for a dark - type pokémon .
i can spot a jew from a mile away there da ones wit da babydick in they mouf .
this is what you nazi faggots do all day
nobody should be discriminated against , but i 'd like to know how less than 3 % of the population has hijacked political discourse in this country .
seriously though conservatives who hate all liberals are just as retarded as sjw blocking out < number > percent of the population just cause you do not like who they voted for is something i expect triggered feminists to do
this will simply gassing the jews
why do immigrants like ilhan omar and ted lieu come to america and try to change it to be more like the countries they fled
donating blood tomorrow .
pretty sure that i bleed twitter json metadata at this point .
i came here to troll but to be completely honest with you israel and palestine are both trash states with a huge repertoire of warcrimes and crimes against humanity and it 's frankly disgusting what they do to eachother over there
my wife is bi .
we had another couple we did this with .
basically my wife and the other couple had a threesome then a week later it was me my wife and the women from the couple .
everyone enjoyed themselves a lot but we talk a lot about boundries and other things leading up to it .
it did help that my wife and the other women are both bi tho
< user > < user > finally a woman that is class and not a white trashy one like those sisters we are sick of seeing
< user > completely respectable ladies can enjoy a couple of honky tonks and some beverages nothing wrong with that < wink >
sharipo is a fucking jew and if you know that kike he plays his jew card everytime the shit goes down ben is a fucking liberal
homeless guy who likes running got laid , so there 's hope for you lot yet
gon na have to do it as soon as i can .
what 's the difference between a pizza and a jew ?
a pizza does not scream when you put it in an oven
this should be on every major news channel in america .
< user > < user > shut up retard i m going to sleep do nt do anything dumb
oh cummy , you can fuck me   or rub my lumpy tummy   you know i 'm tryna start something   i wanna take your mouth and put my dick in i do n't care if it 's a sin   it 's worth it because it 's for you   you 're blue   eat me like some soup   i 'll do anything for you   even buy a coupe   i want you to tie my shoes   and do the loopty loop i love you cummy   please fuck me
blocking every mgk fan comin at me got no energy for you retards y ’ all are as bad as ariana and nicki fans
the shooter was of course a hebe .
fucking subhuman hymies
per capita whites are doing much better than the chinese besides i think you are over estimating how much soy the average chinaman actually eats
fuckin amazing , always posting the best shit !
interracial lesbian is always amazing
what s the difference between a pizza and a jew ?
you care when you burn the pizza
being a slut just takes too much effort
these next 2 weeks before vegas i 'll only be working 4 days and the others i 'll be flying or off & # 129304;&#127997;&#129304;&#127997;&#129304;&#127997;&#129304;&#127997 ;
yeah i agree , i do n't wanna shame any trans people who have a misgendering kink but it 's fucking appalling when cis guys do that without asking .
attacks by leftists and no police or state defending citizens and so civil war is here .
shootings , bombings destruction of property , attempt to attack ice , democraps calling them nazis and saying they are running concentration camps , this is dangerous and force must be used by ice to defend themselves .
shoot all of them and defend yourselves ice .
never trust jews .
they are the real predators .
did you hear they renamed florida ?
it 's now known as " emergency " .
do n't be a racist be mario he 's and italian plumber created by japanesese people who speaks english and looks like a mexican and jumps like a black man and also grabs coins like a jew .
< user > < user > fire every employee that walks out and replace them with newly sworn in legal immigrants
< user > bc at that point u literally become the boogyman that bigots always preach u know the whole they are going to rape us shit they would say years ago
the word on the ground is that the shooter was a zionist in drag and part of the usual jewish conspiracy which is to make muslims look uncivilized .
whenlifegetstough , annoy people - it 's good for your spirits
if you are a woman and you drive over < number > mph on the freeway you are a lesbian sorry i do not make the rules do not worry we will take care of you now
everybody needs to see # 13reasonswhy & # 128561 ; talk about getting your attention from the get go and so needed in today 's society . #
hooked
bucks fizz remind me of one of my dads ' sweedish ' films i once found on top of his wardrobe in a secret shoe box # totp
since jews have tried to exterminate white it seems only right that every single jewish girl have a nigger for her first night those who say they are jews and are not but do lie and are the synagogue of satan
so one - fifth of the electorate has open hatred for jews , muslims , and non - french people in general .
good to know .
king shit , not a lot of you niggas can do this url
listening is a positive act : you have to put yourself out to do it - david hockney kissward megasakilig
not only do these zionist lunatic coward arsed murdering parasites murder palestinians every single day they actively try and force people to participate in the genocide doing the zionist lunatic work for them , they truly are evil bastard 's fuck shitrael # freepalestine
with all this racism still alive and well in 2019 , the conclusion is simple .
white people are evil down to their very core white people have hate in their heart plain and simple .
that woeful scottish faggot millennial whiner only attacks little nicky fuentes and shamelessly cucks for fembot tara because woesy dreams of sucking der martin balls while martin fucks britt tara and that mudshark kike whore lauren
are you mentally retarded , a gay , or both ?
greggore writes : 

 " read what jimmy carter pointed on , even on cnn this weekend .
even he sees how the media has been ridiculous against trump and even he and his wife did n't vote clinton !
and further he see 's the entire russian conspiracy as a nothing burger . "
-- 

 not accurate .
carter did n't say that he did n't vote for clinton .
he said he voted for sanders in the primary .
he did n't say that he did n't vote for clinton in the election .
he did n't say whom he voted for in the election .
and he did n't say that " he see 's the entire russian conspiracy as a nothing burger . "
he said " i do n't think there 's any evidence that what the russians did changed enough votes " .
he 's agreeing that there was indeed a " russian conspiracy " but that it did n't change the outcome of the election .
accuracy is so much more credible than spin .
@george hackett no pussy do n't know any faggots and they were n't allowed in military when i was .
fucking retard beleiv e everything cnn tells you and keep voting so we fight jew wars for land and opium
i 'm bout to start singing and shit lol hoes going crazy or this nigga august
stop.7.7ut this show wait i 'm confused is like ghost hannah in his flashbacks okay i m fine i 'm not crjtifnwhn
sorry but its true .
whether trump knew ?
nothing has floated up from that swamp as to that   information .
but .... he is a man who loves to delegate but control everything .
he makes his millions by knowing the weakest link and capitolizing on it .
he wanted access to russia and china for his hotels and casinos .
they locked him out .
seems putin under estimated trump .
now putin watches as china takes his place .
true but the most disgusting thing would be a muslim twerking a goat
well that certainly was true for g w bush and the donald .
not so much with obama .
perhaps the bigger impact was within the demographic breakdown where muslims dropped from nearly half of refugees under mr obama to slightly more than a third christians meanwhile went from < number > percent to < number > percent under mr trump
graduated college , in shape , full head of hair and i have my own apartment downtown san francisco .
life is good .
happy birthday me & # 127880;&#127880;&#127880 ;
then get your head out of your ass only a kike would advocate destroying the nra are you a kike too
the school 's fight song has been updated from cheer cheer to jeer jeer for old notre dame .
god of course i love trans girls 😍
to virtue - signalling authors /librarians sharing this post : munroe was dropped not because of a ' bunch of transphobic cis women ' but b / c they 're on record for flouting nspcc safeguarding guidelines , model for playboy & use homophobic lang .
eg ' you hairy barren lesbian ' ' faggot ' url
i do n't like the us so i going to bomb israel .
chuck norris walked into a gas chamber .
the gas chamber coughed and fell dead .
leaked phone call shows newly appointed jewish government in ukraine behind sniper attacks on protesters and police | european daily news.org thank god for the internet .
the western power structure wants to kill you slowly through diversity enforced by strategic violence tommy curry wants to kill you quickly by less strategic violence both want to eliminate white people more importantly racists i e white people tommy curry is bad merica is good
i 'm going to have the " living single " theme song stuck inside my head for the rest of today .
thanks , twitter .
no shit but if you do not think blacks and mexicans and white supremacists do not get into fights you are naive and have no clue
her guards should not have any weapons and they should walk her through a chicago ghetto at night 😉
i just wish she would have sleepless nights with a deep hole in the center of her chest with pain pulsating with every detrimental heartbeat
a boy is a girl now
racists in denton 🤷 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️ 😂 never thought i d see it but here we are i got called a nigger at home depot 😅 not just once but multiple times
ffs everthing is offensive to muslimes
trump is to the us what hitler was to post - war germany - an elected outsider promising to restore the nation 's pride after decades of despotism .
trump 's call for isolationism , nationalism and wide - spread infrastructure investments to rebuild america for americans and with americans doing the work ( not immigrants ) is reminiscent of the national labour force .
trump 's stance on muslims is not dissimilar from hitler 's public condemnation of the jews .
in any case , america has suffered through years of bi - partisan kleptocracy and is ripe and ready for the promised beneficent plutocracy - too bad it comes in the form of a two - headed unicorn with bad hair and a fake tan but in today 's america , a gilded chimera is the preferred rallying symbol for the masses who yearn for something to believe in and something to follow that is about is as easy to understand as your typical game show with the usual glitzy karats and shtick .
same with the evil j€ws , they can go back to israel .
i get bitches on tinder
for once , the globe editorial board got it right .
a campaigning politician should never waste their time with anyone who is dead - set against them .
the voting equation is that stuff on which a politician makes their decisions .
we do n't need to second - guess it , it is what it is .
move on , nothing to see here .
killing as many jews and children as possible
@bol_com_games @savescreen what would i capture ?
i do n't know ... er ... quarters ?
can those fit in there ?
unlike the leafs !
right , dickie ?
right ?
honestly , a leaf fan squealing about hab failures when the article is about the sens trip to the conference finals .
try and keep up , dickie !
because the city should n't be coddling homeless people who have no motivation to improve their lives and would prefer to smoke , shoot and stone it away .
it is one to reasons that beans , brother francis and the soup kitchen also should be shut down .
it is what brings the homeless to those areas and the crime problems that come with it .
ah , you must be religious .
that 's exactly what jesus would have said .
< user > 😂 😂 if he was on twitter i would have him i think i will do a thread on what he experienced especially the aftermath of threatening to rape syntche
just imagine the effect on the world if francis tomorrow proclaimed that all positions in the church were open to both men and woman
iran .
go fuck the us .
purpose of this group is to share the types of abuse seen , talk about how to deal with it , and diff policy changes / tools that are needed .
@_joshcarmichael fuck off ya big faggot
i 'm told my link to my trump - syria column does n't work .
i 'm out&amp;about .
please go to links cited by @joshuakeating or @colinkahl .
> if i 'm not mistaken , as far as we know , dreams in the rem stage are populated by fragments of daily thoughts and random memory occurrences and ideas ; even as it is speculated by some that they may serve some preparatory or " rehearsal " purpose , this is not certain by any means .
would this not be meaning ? [ ... ]
i think they can be meaningful , but they can be nothing .
i just liked telling people how retarded they were on twitter lol that was too much for them apparently
would you rather be a 5'6 buff chad , a 5'10 normie or a 6'3 incel
" by making small purchases easier , banks are betting they will get a bump in the volume of transactions , which yield data about customers , even if tech companies take a cut . "
i have not read my credit card agreement but i do n't believe they can sell or use information about my transactions for purposes for which it was not intended .
if this is correct , the g&m should investigate and expose this .
i bet it would be news to many canadians and the privacy commissioner .
voice , personality , appearance , humor , height .
i basically find short women attractive .
all because some scumbag capitalists refuse to pay tax looking at the damned jews
" humanity would sink into eternal darkness , it would fall into a dull and primitive state , were the jews to win this war . " -
joseph goebbels url
" rt @daniellemuscato : " " it is literally impossible to save money when you are poor … being poor is fucking expensive . " " #
inequality … "
@rammadhavbjp also we need to counter the jihadi elents in oic .
threaten saudi with attack if they try to be over smart
what 's the difference between a jew and pizza i do n't want to violently torture and murder a pizza
it 's cool .
china and japan have massive economies and massive populations , they 'll out breed us soon and eat up all the nutrients and then all the racists will die and it 'll be worth it .
another home grown terror that owns a gun .
hypocrites .
prayers for all lost souls .
nothing to see here .
just another shakedown .
now more wars for rothchild israel .
no more dead us soldiers for these elite zionists pigs that control washington ! ! ! ! !
< user > and this is why i m gon na go join the nazi atleast they do nt hide or change their views every day
walgreen 's is still open tonight , if you need a refill on your meds .
made a very intricate and beautiful song and now it 's time to finish this bottle of wine and make stupid shit to make the clurb go dumb 2
i like my candy canes the same as how i like my women ... twisted and broken
why does hitler like being on santa 's naughty list ?
because those ovens ca n't keep running without a source of fuel !
< user > i was just reading a bs a thred on this topic 🙄 😑 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️ it blew me the comments that were made and conclusions that were reached ugh
jews believe all goyim .... non jews are cattle and dogs ..... any questions dogs ?
you do n't understand the things i would do for a waffle house right now .
i 'm not athiest and i 'm not christian .
we are * usually * what we were raised as because we have spent our lives being comforted by the religion of our parents ' teaching .
the rest of us find what comforts us the most .
do you , bro - ski .
i support your choice to be christian as much as i support their choice to be atheist .
find your own happiness and make your own joy in whatever lifestyle you choose .
thrive .
❤ ️
i said glass of juice , not gas the jews
i still remember the radio call on that homer .
i believe there had been a brush back pitch earlier as well .
i can say , based on the stunned reaction of the rockies ' announcers , it was not just a really long home run .
it was mammoth .
it went into orbit .
likely the desire to keep micky mantle as having the longest home run may have played a role .
500 plus feet is certain .
i agree with you as long as i do not know that you are muslim or christian , or jew ...   keep your religion   inside your house .
well said
who is racist ?
the local who do n't want a muslim only cemetery in their backyard or the muslim 's who do n't want to be buried by anyone other than a muslim ?
there are n't any just jewish or just catholic or any other just(insert religion ) cemeteries being built in backwoods quebec either are there ?
# tweetordelete tonight : rt for @atrypical # ivewanted like for @ajrbrothers # weak winner plays at 11 !
@gregtannermedia # sacramento
i accept you for who you are and i could care less if you are gay cuz i 'm bisexual .
i was made fun of it and my parents did n't accept me for some time but i did n't let that affect me in any way .
i may not be perfect but i still love myself for who i am and you should too ♥ ️ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜
abusite in your bio you getting block since you love being ghetto 🤢 🤢 🤢 🤢 🤢
< user > i wonder if a white person called tatum a nigger to his face would be just sit there and smile and nod
mans a winner whether you like him or not & amp ; most games we 've lost or drawn can be attributed to our lack of clinical finishing , not tactics .
if hopper is died you all niggers better count your fucking days < user >
no but i was on the rebel media !
24.9 million views last month and growing spread the word .
nothing wrong with calling out the g&m for what it is .
if you are jewish , part of the lgbtq community , a white female you have major concerns about islam and sharia .
rotterdam anyone ?
maybe you are in favor of young girls getting gang raped but i can tell you , most of us are not !
< user > i am bi so i get the gay pass
also , fuck gita , fuck pali canon , fuck bible , fuck koran , fuck all ' holy ' scriptures .
nothing should be held sacred .
as a wise man once said , believe nothing no matter where you read it or who has said it , even if i 've said it , unless it agrees with your own reason & common sense url
a few strips of bacon are far less harmful than the   things said in the mosques by impassioned imams to the attentive muslims who believe every word about exterminating jews ,   subjugating women ,   gays and infidels
31st dec 1384 john wycliffe , the first translator of the bible into english died .
all bc some twink has thin skin .
smh
jessica valenti doxxes op - ed writer , with @bostonglobe 's help
catch them and cut their balls off , yankee , mossad bastards
vancouver is a good example that this issue can be resolved , it was too late though .
we still have some time for toronto before it becomes vancouver .
what s the difference ?
what s the difference between a white jew and a black jew ?
the black jew has to sit in the back of the oven .
who told you that lie .... big u was there with his wife and children .... you niggaz need to checc ya facts !
its santana blocc compton on mine nigga ! !
wellllllllll i think i can safely say that this psych exam may have fucked me a lil extra hard tonight
two strong successful black women who worship the devil , whose success stems from promiscuity ... yea , we are emvious and jealous of this cheapness and vulgarity !
👠 💍
< user > < user > < user > tells the world needs more love she ghosts her father and cuts him dead lol trailer trash at its worst
my account showed wired activity after my last thread 
 sounds like the fbi to me , should i be worried ?
baby thee niggas come a dime a dozen
if comey truly said trump is not under investigation , then why is trump not ordering comey to release ' the tapes .. ' ugh , ugh
how can you tell if time is being reversed ?
if you look outside and see a jew putting a coin on the ground .
ap " the eu does n’t recognize israeli sovereignty over territories it captured in the 1967 mideast war , including the west bank , " 
 i think it is a little more complex .
* 
 after the end of the ottoman empire : 
 in 1946 , the part east of the jordan river became the arab country of jordan 
 in 1948 , in part of the part west of the jordan river , the jewish state of israel was created .
in 1948 the arabs invaded the part west of the jordan river , including israel .
jordan illegally took possession of the west bank area in the part west of the jordan .
in the 1967 war , israel forced jordan out of the west bank , which jordan had been illegally occupying .
these dog ass hoes fuck whoever up next
appreciate your black culture .
take a moment to reflect on our customs , language , food , style , events etc .
china is the answer to this problem .
despite the old palaver of ' human rights ' in china , dealing with drumpf 's america , where human rights are in jeopardy , is not the answer .
drumpf has proven himself to be untrustworthy .
he 's all pizzazz , bluster , and smoke and mirrors .
let canada do business with china , since china is the country of the future , no matter how you look at it .
drumpf needs to be taught a lesson .
be nice ms. dowd .
how would you like to spend the next four years with donald trump ? '
who can blame the first lady for wanting to put some distance between her and the donald ?
i never saw the privilege of being gay until i just saw a guy grab 8 boxes of pregnancy tests at the dollar store 💀
i do not give a fuck you have shown yourself to be weak and a lair cry like a girl and instantly cry fed like a kike cunt weed out the weak we need men in this fucking game not stolen valor niggers fuck off
i 'm hardly triggered or beta , i 'm trying to help jesse .
you are all lost boomers full of jew sperm
why do n't the jews like to work in bakeries ?
they know that hitler did n't use ovens to bake cookies .
who are the worst type of women jewish because they ’ll never cook by the oven
with the help of the gop , white people in rural america will be able to watch their relatives od in the walmart parking lot right after the latest police murder of unarmed black people on the evening news .
it looks like " big pharma " has as much pull in the republican party as the nra .
every mass shooting drives profits .
affordable healthcare is the answer to drug addiction .
the nra and " big pharma " rely on human sacrifices as part of their business models .
the gop sure looks like a white identity death cult these days .
the poorly educated rural white folks that elected republicans are the only demographic dying younger .
i guess their healthy , successful , lives are not part of the business models .
the gop base make profit so easy when they reliably vote against their own interests .
they believe they are victims , but refuse to believe that they are victims of their own life choices .
i would pity them if they did n't think killing minorities would solve their self inflicted problems .
in just weeks my bladder leakage was resolved with no side effects
my grandpa died in a nazi prison camp ... poor fella fell out of a guard tower
terrible tommy coming to limerick .
he will get in for a short holiday with a few lone wolves .
he wants to go to king johns castle and see the town .
attachment 78266
" hell of a " job " gents .
many people around the world kind of " forgot about it " when these lunatics ruled texas and many of the southern states , " 

 do n't single out the usa in general or the southern usa .
clubs in canada did n't admit jewish , black , asian members .
jewish golfers went so far as to form their own clubs .
i recall a story where joe louis showed up at cataraqui in kingston to play , a member objected , the pro dick green welcomed the member to express his objections directly to joe !
if you blow hard enough on an old nintendo cartridge , mario will appear and give you three.extrx lives .
one can always say " what people are trying to say ... " , but what really counts is " what people really want to pay to see " .
for example if film producers feel that scarlett j can play the role of a japanese , physically disabled , mentally challenged , transgender character in a movie and still sell tickets , and thus making a profit ...... guess who gets the part for the movie ? .....
and are you blaming scarett j for accepting the role ?
good example for white people with dark hair and eyes : uta franz ( 1935 - 2012 ) austrian actress from the sissi movies who had dark hair and eyes but she 's was recognizable as a white woman
yeah if i can get time off work for it .
music and the right art to go with it is perfect in my opinion .
whenever a corporate body fights the possibility of being audited , this says to me that a thorough audit is necessary .
still have satanic netflix saw that chris rock special hoping white kids get shot here the customer service number to cancel your subscription < number > < number > < number > < number >
omg another transgirl aaaaah your so beautiful i 'm also trans looking for trans friends
i m such a slut for hot weather
if i 'm still a virgin by my 19th birthday , i will kill myself 
 fuck it , i 'm done , i 'm giving myself 5 months , 5 months to prove my worth , if i fail , i would know i was right in my desire to end my life .
dear @espn : please gag the commisioner .
has he ever watched a game ?
just admitted he 'd never been to st. louis ?
walk him out .
@niseilounge
they are just looking for more money and i 'm sure our part time drama teacher will give them more .
" # countryfile.yeah gather all the data you need " " boots on the ground " " get down n dirty oooh errr missus "
buying refreshments .
if i spend 5 or 10k on u on a first date because u want me to , chances that you might never here from me again ...
if they 've stayed beyond their visa 's then they should be told they have 76 hours to leave the us
lol a white knight defending a shitskin thot patrol
so here 's the nazi still ranting at " impassioned hold the pain harold " as of a half hour ago :   url " because i do n't care .
i would rather protect the nations that whites created from being flooded by 3rd worlders being corrupted by jews .
words mean nothing to me "
terrible calls do n't add up to 58 points .
trying to convince carter he should go as slutty bob ross for halloween 🤞
why do jews go to school ?
cause you just ca n’t teach that stuff in camp .
fox is trying to complete this challenge as a guardian druid and he keeps wiping .
and raging .
aaaall these salty tears .
mmmm - hmm .
@blackrepublican how long after the name change will al memorabilia w / redskins name be deemed racist and therby illegal ?
what ’s the difference between jews and a pizza ?
pizza does n’t scream when it goes in the oven
other than ted bundy i have never heard of a violent criminal voting republican republicans should be doing everything in their power to keep felons from voting and if kike judges make that impossible keeping felons in prison imo republicans advocating for muh prison reform is political suicide
for people saying indians shit on streets , pls do n't worry about us .
94 % of the people have access to toilets but what can we do ?
there is no toilet in the world to flush out shit like you .
as long as we are tied to the rothschild banking system we can not be independent again .
as a somewhat spiritual , yet completely non - religious person , eid mubarak to all my dice - rolling brothers and sisters .
bitch you better praise god or imma shoot and that 's on god i ai n't playin bout my lord and savior i 'm on my job if you ai n't a christian imma stab you in the face
the article reports the new developments in our ongoing coverage of the statewide issue , http://www.civilbeat.org/projects/pension-promises/
fuck nazi white trash
johann , i 'm sorry you feel so self - important .
you stated you will no longer do business with " anyone who is a republican or supports donald trump " .
from your statements , you are doing so because you disagree with their political and social beliefs .
how does that differ from a baker ( also the ceo of his own little bakery ) who elects not to participate in a gay wedding , jewish bar mitza or a quinceanera celebration because he disagrees with their political or social beliefs ?
and please do n't regale me with more trite indignation .
woohoo ! !
ceo of a 2 - bit internet company ! !
i 'm a ceo of my own little business .
that and a dollar does n't buy me a cup of coffee .
nor does it give me the right to discriminate against anyone ( or be a jerk doing so ) .
i 'm sorry that your candidate lost .
maybe you should take your crayons and playdough to your safe place for a while .
meanwhile , you can continue to be part of the problem dividing us ... or grow up and become part of the solution .
is this tem necessary for your discussion ?
" schmuck " , or " shmuck " , in american english is a pejorative term meaning one who is stupid or foolish , or an obnoxious , contemptible or detestable person . "
" in the joys of yiddish , leo rosten wrote : " never use schmuck lightly , or in the presence of women and children " , which was a common view among jewish people who felt a connection to the language , and who still viewed it as an obscene reference to a penis .
listen kid , there would nt be any refugees if mommy and daddy the oh so proud democracy america and the cocky uk would keep their nose out of the middle east
odd .
i have n't seen any advertisements for cannabis shops .
other than overblown headlines in the newspaper i 've seen nary a one ....
y'all " twitter niggas " some corn balls in real life
i 'm guessing there 's a lot more to the decision to not prosecute this case than either of the two article discloses .
i hope that additional info comes to light ....
how does the jew get revenge ?
he cremates bodies in a funeral home
the ussa illegalized local tribal white justice for two reasons < number > the kk suppressed nigger savagery making the yankee left look bad < number > but travelers will be mistreated the solution to < number > is killing the tribe of benjamin not erasing local justice for all israel abraham sojourned meekly
that 's nice .
beggar praying for salvation of the world .
he vandalizes the temple business area because rich rabbis are profiting by fooling the gullible masses .
they hold secret meetings .
get that beggar crucified at the hands of romans .
that beggar transforms into the only begotten son of your god yhwh .
i will proclaim the lord 's decree : he said to me , " you are my son ; today i have become your father .
url hollywood producers threaten to ostracize you then get you arrested then spread decades spreading lies against you , such as they did with mj and whomsoever speaketh against them .
wonder how long it will take for those who voted in this super lightweight , his female strategist , and butts that they got scammed ?
this is just another failure and demonstration of incompetence .... lots more to come .... pass the popcorn .
my guess is a surrogate for hillary / the democrat party like krugman does n't have a nickels worth of commonsense these days to even speak of such terms as " betraying american ideals " , " men and women of principle " in light of the   wikileaks e - mails and voice mails of the democrat party leadership .
but then again most party [ d]&[r ] hacks , surrogates , party sheeple are mindless hypocrites to begin with .
which probably in part explains the arrogance of krugman   presuming to know the mind set of   paul ryan and mitch mcconnell .
just put all the bigots in alabama and let them wall it off ... they can live like it 's 1920 and the rest of the country can progress .
he is pro - israel .
he does not hate all jews .
he is not an elected official .
he is not public broadcasting reporter .
he is a comedian .
he told jokes .
he took a trip to israel .
he said very good things about the place .
and the people who lived there .
he is not an ironic hipster .
why would you say that ?
he is too old for that .
he is a punk rocker turned comedian / actor .
it was a joke .
he also has said worst things about nazis , white supremacists , the kkk and the alt right .
we have predominately good things being said about jewish people .
he is very publicly in favor of israel .
and only bad things about nazis , white supremacists , the kkk and the alt right .
interesting concept .
yea .
he hates nazis , white supremacists , the kkk and the alt right .
unapologetically .
and supports the jewish state .
chris rock does a routine where he says what he hates about white people .
does that mean he hates all white people ?
or that he is a racial supremacist ?
of course not .
worth a read suidlanders infiltrated by jews and ties to the presidency lol this shit is how it done
< user > are you retarded this is not kerala dumbass
yes .
exactly .
fuck these religitard trash places and burn them to the ground .
the vatican , israel , everywhere .
what ’s the worst part of having adhd being sent to the concentration camp
a jew with an erection walks into a wall .
what part of his body hits the wall first ?
his nose .
southern poverty law center mission statement dedicated to keeping blacks whites jews hispanics asians and everyone else as poor as possible both mentally and physically since < number >
< user > prince is not gay like i am pretty sure i heard he was a homophobe
what we have actually is " euthanasia " , if you really want semantics .
we do not even have true " medical assistance in dying "   as we have no access to self - administered medication .
the drug company apparently is trying to charge us 23 k for a handful of pills that have been around since 1930 .
no media buzz around that though .
my gas taxes should pay my fair share of the road cost , if i fly , the over head cost should be clovered by my ticket cost .
i do not use police , or fire where i am located .
so ....... 
 24 days ! ! !
do moslem or other ethnic children go through this or is it just the white children
a lot you hoes ain t lady like then wonder why you can not find a man you a slut nigga like sluts but just to fuck nun else
mom come pick me up white boys are punching holes in the walls
why was auschwitz the best hotel in the world ?
it had more than 1 million stars
i feel this collab is for lgbt community ... thanks for this ed / justin
@ashstudio7 please do include his goal against shalke04 , in which he does 3 step over & amp ; hits the shot with his lft … https://t.co/qzdanir2jx
homosexuals are completely sent by god to test our faith
i just got the most retarded cut in my life
lol i know about disproportionate black on black crime the reason i act dismissive with y all because you have no intentions of having a dialouge all y all do is just say nigger < number > times a post and bitch and whine uneducated faggotry from you all mouths
lets give the women of europe some ammunition and training so they can defend themselves
" @angrynate @djobowen @doonansndragons @jmclean42 @ok_marks you forgot his nickname is " " mad bum " " ... now you ca n't get more badass "
< user > < user > < user > wrong if farmers can not afford to take care of their crops without using illegal aliens they need to sell their farm
are n't you one of the people who ways say deport them when someone has a hispanic last name ?
this guy is n't from mexico is he ?
so i guess only people from mexico get the hate .
kinda like how the nazis singled out the jewish people .
trump and his cronies single out mexicans .
i bet people like you are so proud of yourself .
trump is the absolute worst thing to ever happen to this cpuntry .
the fact that < number > of ypu see my tweets andjust ignore rhem is islamophobia and homophobia
i am a fucking gem and if you think otherwise lemme run you these hands
@okemzuruoke you seem to have a penchant for talking about a religion you so clearly despise .
every religion mocks the other and criticizes it .
why is christianity so special ?
name one religion that has never oppressed people with contrary beliefs
even here i m hated 
 i m nothing but a pathetic loser
video center - kold news 13 ^ ^ ^ click link for video .
here 's what the vekol valley looks like , south of interstate 8 , 10 - miles west of where hwy 84 intersects .
.@manishlimbu532 no .
no reliable numbers .
but , a small town police department did a nine year study of their cases once ... 41 % false .
why was the black jew mad ?
he had to sit in the back of the gas chamber .
muscle bear gay jerk off and cumshot at work url
< user > hello mr prime minister please help me 🙏 i am a refugee from afghanistan in indonesia since < number > i got the refugee card from unhcr in < number > and i am still waiting for the resettlement please help me for resettlement no job no hope for life no future please 🙏 😢
i d love to see you fuck your ass with any household object
it 's ok , god will judge the right way and already know your destination so let the bigots flow but they 'll get theirs
women like short men irl , they just slander on twitter url
omfg they are still repeating the fake news that the killer was a white supremacist 🤣 < user > ‍ he hurled slurs at blacks and muslims and according to the anti defamation league had ties to white supremacists
not one feature on this girls face that ’ cute and she ’ coming for asians fine ass
the hamiltonmusical really is the epitome of idiocracy it as if many americans are too stupid to get american history unless through the lens of pc low iq ghetto rap hamilton altright
a # california bill would allow males who claim to be transgender to be transferred to women 's prisons .
concerns have been raised , however , that in trying to protect transgenders from sexual abuse , the bill is setting up female inmates for just that .
url
$ 1 : 405 # what fucking happened to all the forex cbn sold
all footage of " hostage " narrative came from cnn ... we already know they parrot misinformation like good goys .
i guess it does nt matter cuz those are olds cod but shits annoying link me in aw please maln
bro he has n't gone to church in 3 years lol me an intellectual ( that 's probably not going to heaven xd):6 years
he 's a black registered democrat
how many jews does it take to open a door ?
definitely more than < number > million
erry nigga in da world wan put his face in yo ass .
ok we get it
" one thing i deadass hate is when a " " rapper " " or whoever you think is a rapper is when they go over 30secs in the beginning w/o saying a word "
so i guess there wo n't be a third holocaust ?
i was astonished to read that the grenfell building had 26 ( ? )
storeys and only one staircase .
every high - rise building i 've been in , in canada , office or apts , has had two staircases , one at each end of the building .
the self homophobia within you is stronger than the piss the cheeto swallowed
< user > no he said it again radical islamic terrorism 🤣
history teaches us that after sports black sports jocks do not last long but that by then white boys and white knights look to be with asians and other ethnic minorities because of how their own women have treated them this dialogue needs to happen
http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/11/09/how-the-faithful-voted-a-preliminary-2016-analysis/.  

 71 % of jews for clinton with 81 % of white evangelicals for trump .
it is interesting how the most corrupt always wear their piousness on their sleeve , no matter their religious affiliation .
they cry loud and clear for all to hear how holy holy holy they are while they violate all the religious ideals and principles .
jews are historically democrat and stood by people of color during civil rights and protested the vietnam war .
they are victims of antisemitism from the right ( again rearing it 's ugly , dangerous head in public ) .
they just want the christians to leave them alone   but   christians persist in blaming them for killing the jewish rabbi , jesus , when in fact it was the occupying romans .
they cultivate hate .
so please do not lump my relatives in with the white evangelical christians , the white supremacists , the nazis and the kkk .
those are the trump voters .
christianity , judaism and islam , the three abrahamic religions are the root of all evil in this world .
we are being held hostage by an out dated charter of rights and freedoms .
it is ridiculous that in this day and age we must be held hostage with religious accommodation based on cultural values from 2000 years ago .
what a joke .
i hate hitler so much .
he could n't finish his job ....
i 'm of italian decent .
a lot of my family members and other fellow italian - americans are very big on " their roots " .
i do n't really care .
i 'm more interested in having things in common with the people around me , enjoying the things i like , and being an overall decent moral person .
the traditions of my ancestors are n't important to me , only the traditions of my immediate family are .
i think it will be good if we see more international commonalities , particularly in this era of connectivity .
times change .
how is embracing known enemies enemies that have sworn to destroy this country and replace it with a muslim caliphate not treason
sorry dude 
 this paper votes conservative , its you that needs to move .
may i suggest   the red star ! ! !
guess ford finally realized if you give in to trump , it is no the end of it , he will ask for more , its endless well 

 ford cancelled the mexico plant , agreed to transfer canadian jobs to mexico but that is not the end of it ... 
 president will ask for more for sure , so time is now to stand up to him explain him his policies are hurting businesses and values .
if u can read this ure gay and also ilu
swear if someone says @alyssanramirez and i are crazy one more time we will have to show y' all crazy
i do n't hate israel .
i just want to kill all the jews .
😂 that 's a joke pla
bisexuals 
 i 'm curious as to what the consensus is on bisexuality with both males and females here .
i farted next to my jewish friend , he turned around looking at me and said " really man " so i said " man am sorry a little gas never killed anyon ..... i was wrong
her new book should be a fun read due to her being totally oblivious .
hillary is the worst candidate that 's ever run for president .
she hates the " little people " ( i.e. poor people ) and it 's obvious every time she opens her mouth .
she tries to pretend she 's not the 1 % when everyone knows she is .
her blatant aggorance , proven crimes , and verified dnc collusion snatched defeat from the jaws of victory .
however , she 'll probably just blame her staff and " the deplorables " for her total incompetence and unlikability .
thousands of < number > < number > year old vulnerable white girls have been still are gang raped by muslim child grooming gangs but that does not seem to matter boris allegedly squeezed a woman thigh < number > years ago and that concerns people more is this country seriously f*cked < censored > up or what
how many jews raped this faggot ?
jews are inbred
now go and reduce the tax giveaway and you will be two - thirds way there ...
any news on that nigga lorenzo when he hitting uk
just an fyi photofeeler is an unreliable gauge for real life attractiveness
she is ugly
the call to " move beyond charity " is a call to focus on community development instead of welfare .
this is actually a place where ideas on the left and right are in convergence these days .
it includes a concern about dependence .
most christians involved in social justice causes today that i know personally and read about want projects where , for example , women are trained and helped to get started in small businesses so that they can sustain themselves and their families , instead of government entitlements .
government is , in most nations , politically unstable , whereas if a person is enabled to successfully make a living , they are more free of such problems .
for example , one project that i was involved with took donated used clothing from church members in the u.s. and gave a bale to each woman in an area in uganda and helped her start selling clothing in the marketplace , including setting aside working capital to buy more inventory in due course .
i wold think you would approve .
some crackhead bitch called me a nigger at circle k so i pepper sprayed that bitch
< user > erdagon will take care of that he will replace them with arabs
motley , you and i are seeing the same thing .
folks , i do not think i have to tell most of you this but ,   its not really hard at all to spot gay males or lesbians based upon the way they dress , certain haircuts ,   their mannerisms .
( a habitual gesture or way of speaking or behaving ) .
what ’s the difference between a jew and a muslim ?
one blows up the other turns to ash .
they did not win a " minority government " .
bc electoral law does n't work that way .
more info : https://stephentweedale.wordpress.com/2017/05/10/no-the-liberals-didnt-win-a-minority-government/ 

 this is a " hung parliament " , which is a very different beast .
clark is the premier until the legislative assembly determines if she can form a government , and if not the ndp will be asked if they can .
this is far from a done deal .
< user > funny because < number > seems to be the preferred age of sexual partners for you faux christian nazis
where is his condemnation of attacks on muslims by his followers ?
he ca n't just pick and choose who to protect .
it 's everybody or no one .
his hypocrisy is too much .
any jew who supports trump is a kapo .
well when u have zionists in power what the fuck u expect .
study their ideology and maybe all these sacrifices will make sense .
the below countries adamantly refused syrian refugees and their reasons were exactly the same they are way too dangerous to allow in libtards are putting themselves especially their children in extreme danger by supporting them
the voters are not going to vote for a black or a jew .
both groups are very liberal and their values and policies are anathema to conservative white voters .
something positive : kissless virgin ( 25 ) turning things around
nobody hates straight people .
shut your mouth and sit the fuck down .
it 's hard , well perhaps not so hard to humiliate a jew hater .
it comes with their mother 's milk and their narrow education , and only serves to reinforce israel 's need for a jewish state and minimizing the prospects of a terrorist state on its border .
another liberal lie disproved it quite the opposite but the leftist anti american mainstream media would have you believe otherwise conscious and aware no not the ghetto patois woke used by assholes and dipshits patriots know the truth
is n't it a bit ironic that catholic churches ring the church bells on patricks day to welcome destroyers into the country , and , right on cue one such savage kills our people in london .
the clergy are complicit !
they step up to the pulpit and pray for ' world peace ' as if they are dimwitted beauty pageant contestants .
the clergy have despised their noble birthright and sold it away for the sod pottage of social - work .
' preaching ' enviromentalism as incompetent ' scientists ' ; they make themselves fools addled alongside ' global warming ' hot - shots who have been ridiculed for decades .
[ even ' global - warming ' has had to have been changed to ' climate change ' because the ' scientists ' are always repudiated by the evidence ... which contradicts ' warming ' ] .
[ or , ' cooling'; ... because in fact the nature of it is cyclical ; driven by the sun][indict me for mortal sin of ' climate denial ' , or , call me capernicus ]
btw im a girl and i like girls so your not alown
" feelings " do not bring you to salvation .
this new age paganism is the same old " man is the center of creation not god " .
you want to be excellent ?
read and apply the st francis prayer .
imitate christ .
corporate welfare is a right , if you 're a republican legislator .
a woman in her late 20 's is kiddy porn ? ?
kiddy porn involves subjects that a are minors engaged in sex acts .
are you like a muslim or a super conservative catholic , or maybe a hasidic jew ?
you go around accusing everyone you dislike of kiddy porn ?
that is about the most dirty and low down name calling that a person can engage in .
the ted cruz campaign has been using her photos to discredit trump for some time now .
anything is fair game when it comes to attacking trump and criticizing him .
why should his wives and his sex life be off the table ?
do you even know what he said about having sex with women in his march 1990 interview with playboy magazine ? ? ?
i see no problem in ridiculing trump for his sexist views of women .
it is most clear that he only looks at women as being sex objects .
and his current wife is only the latest manifestation of that .
it is a most valid criticism to make of him .
always good to hear that the democrats seeking to replace polis openly ascribe to shredding the constitution .
then again we have come to expect nothing less from the peoples republic of boulder .
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
what ’s hitler ’s favourite drink ?
gassed juice
normies , if you truly wish to help me , tell me how to deal with my severe bitterness and envy 
 please do n't use the therapy meme , therapy has never worked for me .
seriously do n't mess with disney , mickey himself will personally visit you and f*ck you right up , he owns everyone and everything now .
kicked her so hard in the tits they stayed sowllen
i 'm a nurse , not an attorney , but an automatic transfer as opposed to an appropriation makes sense to me .
the governor only has authority to line item veto " items " in appropriations bills .
if the only component of an appropriations bill that can be line item vetoed are items and the alaska supreme court defined an item as " a sum of money dedicated to a particular purpose " then how is it the governor can strike through a statute , which is not an item , right ?
and , if the confinement clause only allows appropriations items in an appropriations bill and the hammond test is applied to determine what " language " can be in appropriations bills , it seems a statute , which outlasts a 2yr appropriations bill , would n't meet a couple of the requirements of the hammond test : to satisfy the confinement clause any qualifying language in an appropriations bill(1)must not administer the program of expenditures(2)must not extend beyond the life of the appropriation .
< user > holy fucking shit jizzy you look like mark cale i am fucking confused are you < number > or < number > are you just a retard or a window licking anus tickling retard
zuma made me forget about my fucking superbru picks ... msp .
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
my heart breaks for your brother and every other lgbtq raised in this cult .
love is love ✊ 🏳 ️‍ 🌈
ik ben compleet fucked up • cedric # storyofmylife # ikvoeljejongen
here are quotes of some verse from the qur'an , the holy book of islam .
qur'an ( 4:89 ) - " they wish that you should disbelieve as they disbelieve , and then you would be equal ; therefore take not to yourselves friends of them , until they emigrate in the way of god ; then , if they turn their backs , take them , and slay them wherever you find them ; take not to yourselves any one of them as friend or helper . "
qur'an ( 9:30 ) - " and the jews say : ezra is the son of allah ; and the christians say : the messiah is the son of allah ; these are the words of their mouths ; they imitate the saying of those who disbelieved before ; may allah destroy them ; how they are turned away ! ”
and , according to one website , in 2016 , there were 188 muslim terrorist attacks with 26 suicide blasts , with 1737 injured , with 1378 killed in 27 countries .
and , it says there have been 30,222 deadly , muslim , terrorist attacks around the world since 911 .
what should mothers tell their children ?
the legal system 's requirements , " such as costly indoor cultivation " need to be rethought .
there is no good reason why the cost of production of bc bud or reasonable equivalent should be more than twenty or thirty dollars a kilogram ; that 's cents per gram , not dollars per gram .
has no one learned anything from history ?
it fucking repeats itself .
all jews in senate there < number > who have dual citizenship it would be no whites or non jew in gov read protocols of the elders of zion
are you kidding me ?
colorado makes millions so why not alaska ?
how about because our population is only around 700 thousand and we are n't surrounded by states with millions of people who flood into co to buy pot --- taking it back to where it 's illegal .
you do n't know that ?
given the cost to regulate , pot will never make much for alaska .
the damage pot will cause will outweigh any money it brings in .
making money off a drug that ruins families is pathetic and shameful .
the people hurt the most will be our kids .
we lead the nation in unemployment .
business 's are closing .
people are losing their jobs and homes .
do we really want them blowing what they have left on pot ?
i do n't think so .
i tried to share a bag of chips with a homeless guy the other day ... he told me to fuck off and get my own .
weed and booze are old school , dirty drugs , with a host of side effects .
where it 's at are nootropics .
get high natural and legal without the headaches .
~ 

 http://www.lostfalco.com
i 'm going to kill someone tonight and that 's gon na be me
it always has been the jews do you know the history of the jew do you know why jews have heen expelled < number > times fro previous societies do you know why jesus said to them your father is the devil wake up son
this sounds like a kike national socialist
i 'm hardly triggered or beta , i 'm trying to help jesse .
you are all lost boomers full of jew sperm
please rt # interiordesign # homedecor # decoration pallet wood wall mount silverware holder ... https://t.co/iovjxmlqvu
< user > < user > this is what feminazi consider being born again
tfw everytime your oneitis is posting a story to instagram she is hoping her crush will text her 
 and its not your incel self 

 knowing this is killing me
@afreen_shameem @zebaism @immak02 @cnnnews18 @news18dotcom but ye batein to khud quran mein likhi hai na .
wo ghalat bhi to nahi tha ... the arabs killed or converted all idolators inspired by muhmmad .
is it false ?
url
when we invest in creating equitable opportunities for women to thrive the result is stronger families communities and economies this includes equitable opportunities for lesbian bisexual transgender and queer women
maybe if elite gave us some dykes they would get a 4 th season
< user > foreal tho lmao like niggas be talented
why do we give another muslim a chance to lecture to us christians and jews that we are all wrong about the peaceful intentions of islam .
wake up people before it is too late .
lmaoo yeah real funny dumbass like i said usually when blacks place a real interest in a sport they tend to excel in it because blacks are more athletic than whites anything measurable yet
why do jews hate assholes ?
the ca n't stand gas chambers .
trump clearly does n't need any assistance in his quest to make himself look bad .
he can handle things quite well , all by himself .
if you are in catalunya set it to 1936 .
the overwhelming majority of us citizens want our national parks to be well maintained but the useless congressional political hacks have either cut the funding year after year or only increased it a pittance .
they sure can find the big money to fund their personal pig projects though , like bridges to nowhere , while park rangers barely make enough salary to live on .
a friend is looking for a lgbt friendly christian podcast .
trans - inclusive or non binary would be best if that exists .
their local christian radio leaves them feeling blue most days .
the only one i could think of was " house for all sinners and saints " @sarcasticluther   help ?
what do you call a picture of smoke ?
a jewish family photo
hitler is better than all the modern social activists ..... he served 6 million jew toast in his entire life .
lmao !
and the jews were child pornographers and drug dealers and pimps and bankers that were making society shit , what s your point do you think you can justify one genocide and hold others sacred
you can not make a hoe a housewife boycott mafs mafsau mafs
not low interest rates at play .
not easy money from canada at play .
look west , across the pacific , for where the money is coming from , for the two million dollar little canadian houses and the 300k sports cars being sold .
i have seen more discrimination and harassment towards males in the work place than females guess that bound to happen with feminist in charge whyirejectfeminism
anyone else fucked at disneyland before ? & #
128512;&#128512;&#128512 ; lit asffff
a man walks into a bar for my entire childhood
saw this at sainsburys i am still trying to work out the motive is it majority of the population demographic need not apply or let empower muslim women to work to try recover the hemoraging welfare state or is it virtue signalling on behalf of the toxic masculine patriarcy
tell him the truth .
only black gangs have gays and punks .
only .
complaining about and insulting america and it 's people and then bleaching your hair blond and shoving colored contacts into your eyes with the goal of to looking like california girl .
no , i have n't talked to a kansas attorney although i did contact the governors office and never heard anything back .
i had found an attorney in illinois once that is where the girls mother lives .
the attorney was schooled in kansas and practiced in illinois .
it was a perfect fit .
he was sure he could get our girls back .
at that point they wanted to live with us .
but the attorney wanted $ 5,000 .
and i could n't afford that .
he told me to mortgage my elderly mother 's home to get the $ 5,000 .
i said , " no " .
my mother would have been so upset .
i could n't trade her wellbeing for my granddaughters .
looking back i wish i had .
the girls would have been so much more grounded with us .
i would have moved back to illinois to help my daughter with the girls .
they would never have known the abuses they have gone through with the state of kansa and their father 's family .
the father lost custody of them after he divorced my daughter .
he abused the girls and one told on him .
precisely .
despite both sunni and shiite being blood feud enemies , they both agree that   christians and jews and non believers ,   must die .
they will put aside their religious   differences so they can   to kill us together .
it would be difficult to find anything remotely accurate in this bizarre , rambling diatribe against israel , but i will restrict myself to the following points : 

 the myth of arab muslim victimhood is cheap propaganda stemming from the failed arab attempts to destroy israel , and drive its jewish population " into the sea . "
the anti - israel left continues to pander to the irrational , bigoted demands of the middle east 's arab muslim majority to suppress the region 's only non - muslim state , in favor of yet another arab muslim country .
that blatant disregard for the rights of anyone who is not an arab muslim is precisely the reason why the jews of israel had to fight for national independence .
the mere existence of israel proclaims the national rights of the jewish indigenous population of israel ; a country and a people that predate arab colonialism and will outlive it as well .
it
also another film wheels of terror has what appears to be post war tanks in its battle scenes .
quite nice .
i 'd recommend a haircut that matches your style / job better . [ ... ]
then again , i 'm just nitpickin ' since the rest is cool .
literally every man in my fam copped a bad white bitch as a wife .
i ai n't even boutta break da chain .
unless a latina comes around
when are all these migrants going to be charged for putting the lives of their .
hildren at risk ?
it is not our fault these idiots drag them cross country to game our social programs !
stay home !
fight for your own country as we did !
we ca n't afford to support the world !
we 'll all end up on the govt dole and in poverty !
israeli press suppression behaviour should be publically denounced by all jews .
israeli right - wing nationalist are now operating as the fascist of old .
wow go figure once again the placed crowd at new year rockin eve is mainly chinks niggers beaners muslims kikes dykes faggots and chicks with dicks
wanna get away with attacking and murdering jews , especially in europe ?
1)tell them you are mentally unfit to stand trial .
2)tell them you are fighting against " occupation " .
3)if you are n't a muslim , tell them you are converting to islam .
url
is n't racism foundational to these groups :   kkk , nazis , white supremacy ?
what   " values " do they espouse other than racism ?
the kkk has been terrorizing and killing blacks for 150 + years .
nazis in europe exterminated millions of jews and other marginalized groups in the 1930 - 40 's .
" white " supremacy indicates racism in its very name .
what spin are you offering instead of these facts , " buster ? "
everyday 's a school day i keep being told everyday 's a school day ... now i 'm waiting for the one where i get shot by a mentally unstable teen .
evelyn got white ass parents and grandparents she is not a negro by any means let that shit go
< user > < user > you are right i hate you and jayden and others more than most
parents are such cheap fucks 
 i punched a hole in the wall like $ 10 worth of damage and they 're wanting $ 500 for it 

 my mother is jewish so it 's no surprise
little scumbag illan omar is a traitor to this country .
she needs to be impeached and deported for subversion .
this is the first of a wave of scumbag muslims they are put into office to take this country down .
the black community and white and hispanic url
if gays can marry , we can carry .
either that , or we should sue the federal government for protected status .
being a gun owner is the last class of people it 's encouraged to discriminate against .
time to put a stop to it .
i dare a bitch to key my truck & # 128530;&#128298 ;
what do i love the most about my jewish girlfriend ?
dat ash
< user > < user > you retarded asl
this is another one of the kike ploys there is a world wide conspiracy to destroy the white race it is led by the kikes and acted out by their pet niggers sand niggers and other non whites
this " islamophobia " label is as tired as it is wrong .
religious prejudice being what it is , islamic peoples have a strong leaning towards anti - semitism , and when they blow things up or persecute minorities from the ancient churches , anti - christianism .
then , of course , there 's the terrible history that followed mountbatten 's partition and the millions of lives that were lost in the conflicts between india and pakistan .
so islamic peoples also have a history of hinduphobia that most people in the west are ignorant of .
so let 's say that if you 're an islamophile , you could well be a judeo - christian - o - phobe and a hinduphobe .
if you want to throw the islamophobia label around , you ca n't suck and blow at the same time .
the liberal motion m103 privileges islamic peoples over hindus , christians , and jews who have been subject to persecution by islamic groups .
justin trudeau is very ignorant and very wrong .
< user > < user > can ’ t be as retarded as your pops in your avi
did i say soley you disingenuous kike rat i said < percent > and it would be better without your < percent > plus the other former < percent > thanks kikes for crankung rhat up to < percent >
there is no place in the kingdom of heaven for race traitors .
the overall result is that we are n't pathologizing the existence of transgender people and providers are encouraged to focus on actual issues pertaining to mental and physical health .
which is a good thing .
someone in this ' spoons bathroom asked if i was fucking jayden , then confirmed i was not in fact , candice .
i think it 's time to leave .
guess he did n't have time to call obama to see how he should answer the request .
what do you call a flying jew ?
smoke
need allah to sabotage the insurgent infidels with some fentanyl .
the same mindset and ideology rules texas and too much of the nation ..
his most powerful toll against her will be her own words , played over and over and over again , her pathological lying   etc etc etc etc etc etc   so mark your point is what ? ?
i 'm absolutely proud to be black .
we 've been oppressed for hundreds of years for being black , and still we rise .
so yes , that 's something to be proud of .
being proud to be black is being proud to be human , despite the attempts to take that away from us .
unfortunately , i do n't expect anyone who is n't black to understand it .
as has always been the way .
no , i ca nt say that i have been through that .
fuck israel and fuck religion in politics .
am i the only one who gives an ugly nigga a chance then ... boom he starts to act like you the ugly one ?
🥴
what ’s a similarity between a jew and a stiff nipple ?
they both disappear after a hot shower .
there 's a disparity here , and some people are fine with it .
if a business wants to discriminate against gay people based on the business owner(s ) ' religious conscience , certain people seem all fine and dandy with that .
but !
if a gay business owner were to discriminate against conservative christians , those same people would be up in arms .
persecution !
they 'd cry .
there 's a power imbalance .
and to all those people who think businesses ought to be able to sell or refuse to sell to whomever they please , i say put your money where your mouth is : work to repeal all civil rights laws .
otherwise , you just want businesses to have the right to discriminate against gay people .
< user > is my favorite half kike half nig
that 's not what white supremacists do ; they want to overthrow our government , and discriminate against , or worse actions against people of color , gays , muslims , and jews .
sound familiar ?
hint : heil trump ( chanted by the white supremacists during virginia rally ) .
+ jewboy you 're not gon na fool anyone having your channel public and making comments like that .
you 're a 20 something year old bitter , pathetic , antisocial virgin who spends his whole day on reddit talking about how whores deserve to die .
do n't act tough
jews have a tendency to out themselves knowingly or not especially to the erudite goyim listed above however they should absolutely wear the yellow star both as a badge of shame and as a warning to whites who are not as adroit at identifying kikenvermin from their words
your answer is as expected !
i am neither surprised nor impressed .
your denial notwithstanding , ( which i actually do find amusing ) , i will accept the explanation of people who actually know about such things .
time to let this pointless and silly conversation go to rest .
have a nice new year .
my first reaction was to say this was a good idea , there must be more demand for arabic - english translators than for general english teachers these days , but then i thought better of it .
is that actually true ?
it is actually a pretty narrow specialization ,   there must be tons of immigrants from the middle east who could easily get qualified , and demand is concentrated in some metropolitan areas .
on the other hand , i see a continuing demand for esl teachers all over the world .
something to investigate further .
the factor that might make a difference is age and experience and willingness to relocate , which would be more relevant to plain esl that might make translation a more practical immediate alternative for nabel , in principle .
an 18 - month certificate would be easy for him to get , except that ... u of t 's certificate does not include arabic : 

 http://learn.utoronto.ca/courses-programs/languages-translation/certificates/translation 

 york only offers french and spanish translation .
< user > white women white disabled white gays white immigrants should get affirmative action then according to this tweet
am i the only one who gives an ugly nigga a chance then ... boom he starts to act like you the ugly one ?
🥴
the guy is compare to a healthy man a very under developped creature .
it`s level 13 year in sexual behavior probable unable to act with an adult woman in an eleborated loving way , it is to freihtning to start and to maintaun a egal level , no playing and dommenating young unexperience children , wow , what a hero !
probable bracked about it to , in compagny of that kind of non developed imbecile s , that`s what they are imbeciles !
do n't let adam 's homosexuality distract you from the fact that ian admitted to eating out a fleshlight in order to get hard
all the planning , the training , the equipment , the careful deception plans , all would have come to naught if the soldiers had not been willing to stand up to the storm of fire , get off the beach , and fight their way inland .
to paraphrase stephen ambrose
the che market is bad ?
news to me . [ ... ]
also , generally speaking , masters degrees are nt looked down upon , it just does n't differentiate you from the applicant pool as a phd does
the jewish race is without any doubt the greatest threat to the survival of the white race .
yikes dawg , your trolling is weak .
you 're better than this .
go back to complaining about christianity being " under attack " on 4chan .
miss kennedy six grade i hate you and i do have an attitude problem which i am adjusting how is the black gym teacher mr green
" distress , n. : a disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend . ―
ambrose bierce , " " the devil 's dictionary " " "
your jewish friends were the ones who told you that zionists control canada ?
very believable .. hahaha .
do your jewish friends get their info from a white supremacist web site , or do they publish the sites themselves , given that jews control the media and such ?
that is , when they 're taking off time from controlling the banks .
how come nobody is talking about this in this sub ?
mind your mufuckin business for i hurt a bitch feelings today please ‼️
if he truly thought there was a lack of due process then why did he submit his resignation ?
and please do n't use pc pressure as an excuse .
he has the capability to explain himself and he has all sorts of forums to do so .
but he chose to resign , and whine about it at the same time .
no sympathy here .
california governor brown is against trumps wall and would rather build bridges that lead illegal immigrants right to the democrat voter registration office
it was in an attempt to find this sweat that i found out you are not a chink after all still do not know where to watch the stream and tbh do not know where to turn at this point
what does a jewish pedophile say ?
hey kids , want to buy some candy ?
the problem is that somebody very clearly made a decision to remove the word jewish from a list of 28 options , while on the basis of numbers choosing that option in the past , it is clear that a very large portion of the population identify themselves as such .
the issue is “ what was the rationale for doing so ” - it was clearly not an error but was a deliberate act .
the answer could range anywhere from pure stupidity to anti semitism .
it seems that the important thing is to find out which it was .
where do jews with adhd get sent to concentration camp
their founder is gavin mcinnes , the maker of the documentary short film " 10 things i hate about jews , " later changed to " 10 things i hate about israel . "
this " film " was posted to ezra levant 's rebel website and is probably still there .
the bizarre attitudes toward women and sexuality are described here , with some video : 

 https://medium.com/@willsommer/the-fratty-proud-boys-are-the-alt-rights-weirdest-new-phenomenon-7572b31e50f2
the zionists do n't like the truth .
just like the aljazera documentary on the lobbies of israel .
< user > shame for silent muslim country
actually it 's not just floating bonds .
by raising funds through the taxes and surcharge , honolulu is able to pay it 's obligations and retain a good credit rating .
< user > graysons the ghetto currently
" because i am a lunatic whore pimped out by kikes and degenrates "
jews destroy everything they touch .
everything .
what a bunch of talentless faggots they are .
wonder what fatso had for dinner today lollers roanna fish pie i think
i 'm all for equality .
so fuck black people .
and fuck hispanic people .
and fuck muslims too .
and asians .
and indians .
and jews for that matter , fuck them .
and fuck this fat fuck in particular .
and even benny the ratz eventually agreed with this .
dead wrong .
one of the alleged killers , because , correct me if i 'm wrong ,   but charged and convicted as far as i 've understood are two polar opposite ends of the spectrum .
as for john marque javelet , he is a huma n just like all of us ,   with feelings ,   past good and bad things .
ai n't a single one of you that own a closet in which did n't contain a single skelton ,   john did all things with good intentions ,   i know him ,   he 's kind , caring , helpful   to a fault , generous , empathetic , and sympathetic to all those who cross his path .
and though helped more people ev ertwhere he went so much that the number is n't countable to prob even him .
i never heard john ask for help ,   huge wanted zero sympathy okn regards to his tragic times of life .
nor did he welcome anyones pity for his terminal disease .
he never hid from snyone his hiv infection ,   but rather up front told everyone , and followed that with educated explanantions in reference to his illness ..   he practiced safe sex with ppeople .
how do you think the problems of   less fortunate americans should be met ?
do you think that the private sector has the means and the mechanisms to provide the services needed by americans who are not rich , who are sick , who are genuinely disabled , etc .
who should pay for the military , for infrastructure ( roads , bridges etc ) , for fire , for police , for education ?
does " providing   for the general welfare " exclude affordable health care ?
does tax money for religious schools include all religions ?
the living standards of the people in european countries that do provide a generous safety net are higher than in the us , and   the citizens of those countries are " happier " than the populace in the us .
some in the us are unhappy , because they do n't have decent housing , or decent education , or decent jobs , or decent health care .
but others in the us seem unhappy because they are asked to contribute to the " general welfare " ( article i , section 8 , u. s. constitution ) .
we do n't need gun control — we need son control .
stop indoctrinating boys in toxic masculinity .
stop raising entitled sons .
stop abandoning and/or coddling male children .
97 % of mass shooters are male .
86 % of all gun killers are male .
gun violence is male violence .
harvey weinstein , two of the uk accusers are emma watson and kate winslet .
i wonder how many jews would denounce that " yiddishkeit " is a thing ?
( continued ) he was living his childhood because he did n't have one when he was a child , he was a singer / dancer most of the time !
now !
now !
just because he has a couple of songs whose lyrics kind of mention the jews as the killers of christ a few times does n't mean he was an anti - semite !
and just because the nazi 's adored " st john passion " , does n't mean anything .
and martin luther ( founder of bach 's church ) said : 

 " be on your guard against the jews , knowing that wherever they have their synagogues , nothing is found but a den of devils … [ t]hey are nothing but thieves and robbers … one should toss out these lazy rogues by the seat of their pants … eject them forever from this country . "
really hate when people come around me in a bad ass mood .
like remove yourself .
no other religion in the world advocates killing non converts , has literally killed millions of its own people along with neighboring populations .
islam is racist in itself , ask the 6 million armenian catholics who were slaughtered years ago , ask the thousands of arabs muslims that danced with joy when the jews were being thrown into ovens and when the islamic terrorist slammed two planes into the twin towers killing another four thousand innocents .
islam is n't worthy of special consideration until their philosophy changes big time .
the sheer hatred of some of the upper and lower church toward gay people can not be missed .
no matter in how much goodness they live , they are kicked .
sometimes there is a pretense for the most minuscule and grudging tolerance , but the signal comes through clearly at intervals .
this is such a vast shame that it can not be pushed aside in a moral evaluation of the church .
watch out !
the local cops might feel threatened by a black man welding a " deadly weapon " and shoot him dead .
and god said unto john " come forth and receive eternal life . "
but john came fifth and had to eat the muffin .
chambers pls do not get raped today
oh no : nbc insider says network is in " total panic " that megyn kelly 's show will be an historic flop 
 — ace
signs in the ghetto warning the jews of typhus germans warning jews about a deadly disease
you do nt see the difference between being concerned about immigration and wanting   it slowed or stopped and calling for the death of of jews and blacks ?
you must be blind .
so elliot rodger only went a year incel 
 reading the faq its says incels are over 20 but elliot was only 21 so is it okay to say he was only a year incel i do nt think so the age should be moved down to a individual number whenever a person feels a attraction and is rejected i think or at least 18 20 just does nt make sense to me
i hear you - i pay $ 1498 / month for the plan with 5000 deductible - family coverage .
so it 's going up ?
sometimes i honestly wonder if a lifestyle of playing by the rules , working for a living , and taking care of your own was a good choice after all ......
i 'm good , happy to be an american citizen .
love how you tell people to go back to their countries though , i thought you guys loved diversity .
" attention all you jews , slaughter each other please "
< user > i wonder if a white person called tatum a nigger to his face would be just sit there and smile and nod
i raped a sheep because it sneezed at a pig
an overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... more for taurus https://t.co/zeuy0gzxd5
what 2 things were nazis good at selling ?
ovens and urns
but there is a strict action taken for kpmg otherwise people see this case as an example that gives bribe and you can release from every charge .
on allah i will annihilate you infidel for sending an expired invitation
extrapolating from the behaviour of one restaurant hostess to the state of multiculturalism in canada is ridiculous .
your host was rude and lazy .
your name does not appear impossible to pronounce , even if it 's not the same as i imagine from the spelling .
st. john 's , eh ?
did she say something like : " lard tundering !
what koind of moniker izzat ?
oise only doin' dis jab till oi can collect me pogey .
gimme someting easy - loik ! "
only 47 % , hopefully less : -\
@tyler_wilde ch3burashka sure gets to be a nit - picky russian monkey / bear thing sometimes , does n't he ?
they say there 's safety in numbers .
< repeat > tell that to the < number > million jews
we need war to kill the us government and the great jew ghost
< user > < number > million jews you f****ing < censored > jerk
lots of corrections here ... what happen to really doing research before writing a make a feel good story ... #1 he did not raised his 4 children ... the state of alaska helped in raising his children .... called jail! .. #2 do n't give him cash ..
stopped going to the barber ... 
 i actually stopped going to hairdresser and cut my own hair with trimmer since like 2 years , cuz i could nt bare sitting there , looking in the mirror of my ugly self
if you watch the first few minutes of this documentary ---http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/film/inside-assads-syria/ , you will see that you do n't just fly into syria .
and you ca n't just skip january 15 as it is very possible ( perhaps likely ) that gabbard was offered the opportunity to meet with assad after she landed in lebanon .
this was the day she was confirming her clearance and security from the regime .
and the day before she met with assad .
to say she met with assad right after landing ( which you said ) is false .
kapoleijoe 's determination : fake news .
what 's better than shooting videos for youtube ?
shooting youtube for videos
i hear the iranians raised their arses to the british sailors and asked them to show them the light as they retreated .
deport the homeless addicts and alcoholics .
i always regret to be a yoruba man very useless tribe that cares not about the future they have changed the story , is she killed by armed robbers , unknown men or fulani herdsman .
days like this even though i might had a rocky childhood like all of us i consider myself blessed for growing up to classics and old country music
< user > girl i use my email for anything important cause that shit too ghetto 😂 😭
unfortunately , she will find it very difficult to make a living as a historian if he does n't bow down and do reverence to the holahoax religion .
< user > shut the fuck up nazi
my german american friend tells me my godfather views matter because he is a significant figure in national politics as the founder of a major political party on the right if he is not as wildly upset about refugees as you are then maybe you are missing the reality of germany today
i do not understand why anyone would watch guys under < number > fight i also do not understand why anyone would watch ugly dykes fight either so maybe it just me
you post makes no sense .
if we allowed former convicts into positions of trust like this , we 'd see more of the same situation described in the article .
essentially you 're saying that people who have proven they ca n't be trusted ( ex - convicts ) should be allowed to be put into positions of trust .
that 's leftist logic for you .
understood .
taipan is clueless .
your sources must be at at hpd .
his sources are from his digestive tract .
808ikea >   the purpose of fighting back is to show that you are not what you are being said to be , i.e. , being called a smuck or punk .
fight back and do n't ever give up .
you lose but still fight in any way you can .
one day you may just prevail .
the " twits " might think they have the best of you but surprise them with the counterpunch between the eyes .
have a nice day .
so a priest and a rabbi are walking by an orphanage .
< repeat > and they see a young boy bending over to pick up a ball .
the priest says , " tell me you do n't wanna fuck that little boy . "
the rabbi responds , " yes , but out of what ? "
get over it , tucker , your buddy told you she was n't a woman when you two were down in tj .
> why was some parts of the bible written ?
because my early iron age , nomadic , sheepfucking ancestors did n't have the internet and porn to keep them entertained .
so , they had to find something else to do .
and , they were probably dehydrated out in the desert and may have been hallucinating .
so , they mixed in an unhealthy dose of old myths and total garbage and bad morals shook well , cooked , and served .
a better question would be why anyone in the modern age still believes this shit .
then return it to me in my taxes then .
well you guys have moved on from twp and are attacking cantwell and paul nehlen now who next american nationalist you wanna come at me too do you fucking cunts even attack jews once
working < number > days a week is ghetto but i ’ m still going 😭
i m gon na rt lesbian porn so yea
you are not my friend , and it is all i can do to be civil to you .
it is a fetus .
period .
your comparison is illogical , has no basis in reality .
you defend the absurd notion that a fetus has civil rights , but are apparently unconcerned about how a priest violated my civil rights .
you have lost all reason and credibility with such deranged arguments , and then you launch a ridiculous attack on snap leaders .
for damn sure , i have protested your psychopathic lying fuehrer , who acts with the same regard for the truth as the church has in denying how so many priests have molested children .
and then you are so deranged , so utterly without any moral or ethical standards , that you call a jew ( yes , me ) a nazi .
how deplorable .
no wonder you voted for trump , you use his tactics and show the same utter lack of morals , ethics , and decency .
when exposed , lie and attack and smear .
i 've known the snap leaders for almost 25 years , and they are amongst my heroes , uniformly decent , caring people
an extra unrelated thought for folks who use podcasts .... 

 keepin it 1600 has morphed into pod save america .... the fastest growing podcast in u.s according to my grandson ... same folks ( obama white house staffers ) .... and they have just started a new platform as well ... crooked media ...
what i accept about family and children is that children need to be safe and warm , have nutritious meals , education , and experiences .
having mom and dad loathing one another or relying on fast food and plopping on the sofa for entertainment , getting evicted again , drugs and alcohol , the constant sreaming fights - but hey , it 's mom and dad !
seriously ?
how about the single mom who works her butt off to make a home and puts her kids first ?
oh - how about if ricky nelson had come home and told ozzie and harriet that he was gay ?
should they shun him ?
send him to conversion therapy ?
add to his depression until he commits suicide ?
cue , there are many many ways to have a loving , safe , supportive family .
who knows what lies ahead for the children of 
 boxed - in two parent , white bread families .
some of them are in fact gay .
some of them are in fact trans .
they are every spectrum of every human condition and if they have love and a broader world view , they will be better prepared to thrive in it .
that must be sarcasm .
-mars - you should get curbstomped .
if you do nt like muslims , find a new fucking country pal cause america has a little thing called freedom of religion and i will literally butcher your family to maintain it .
you come after jews i will rip your asshole out and choke you with your intestines .
same goes for sikhs hindus christians on and on , pal .
" rt @richie_l0c0 : " " before i call u in the n word " " she was so fucking hurt that he did n't like her twinkie cakes & # 128557;&#128557 ; https://t.co/qyf27fncym "
what do you call a gas tank filled with juice ?
auschwitz
number of articles written about how trump supporters were behind rising antisemitism in america < number > < number > number of journalists that apologized to trump trump supporters when the only suspects were an israeli kike and a new york nigger zero point zero
it disappointing that the council stepped back from doing what 's right , and instead let themselves be led by fear and stupidity .
people love to pull out the constitution when they want to oppose things , but this was not a constitutional issue , just like the state legalizing marijuana use is not .
it was the city deciding to step up and say no to hate and prejudice .
people were talking about safety issues regarding ' those ' immigrants .
but the thing is , voices of fear and prejudice said the same thing about the irish , the jews , the italians , the chinese , the japanese , against african americans , ... the list goes on .
langley now can go on record of supporting more madness from king donald , the man who brought back the monarchy to the our nation .
am i da last man alive to stop da jew ?
but if it would 've been a black person they would 've been dead by now !
orion will be visible in the southwest part of the sky at this time of year .
but it will be setting there , not rising , as other people mentioned .
tell a itty bitty bitch pipe down
how dare you oakland mayor libby schaaf and governor jerry brown put our national security at risk think that illegal immigrants are more important than american citizens put american citizens and law enforcement officers lives in danger
drumpf barely reads the text on his teleprompter .
as for his ' ideas ' on the civil war , they 're not just uninformed , they 're patches of extremism that he 's absorbed in beer talk .
the idea that the civil war was ' not necessary ' is a secessionist whine in favor of ' states rights ' ( against blacks as ' people ' with equal rights , and in favor of calling them someone 's private property ) .
the whine that the civil war was ' unfortunate ' is trump repeating what his white nationalists would say , that killing all those white soldiers , north and south , in a war against slavery , was a ' waste of good people and resources ' .
there is nothing more un - american than donald trump .
< user > in a room with his wife sister and mother we were talking about what its like to feel unsafe as a women existing in the world with non trace of irony white male privilege is a fucking trip
omg another transgirl aaaaah your so beautiful i 'm also trans looking for trans friends
this editorial is spot on .
folks , we fought a war against white nationalists .
i was curious as to what was being chanted in charlottesville .
i watched the hbo special called race and terror .
if all i heard were the chants it would 've been enough .
however , the white nationalists that were interviewed claimed jews and black people must be kicked out of the nation .
they firmly stated that our nation was built for white people .
only they made our nation great .
i 've read portions of mein kampf .
these people mimicked the words i read .
i guess our wwii veterans were alt - left .
ridiculous .
it has nothing to do with left or right .
it 's simply right and wrong .
trump was horribly , horribly wrong .
no good people marched with the klan , white supremacists and neo - nazis in charlottesville .
i expect others to counter - march and not tolerate this bs .
let me tell you i 'm a senior citizen and i know nazis when i see them .
we lost too many good warriors in wwii to let this disgrace go unnoticed .
they do not wanna see a young nigga make it
hot muscular tattooed dude jerks off and blows a nice load .
url
wtf ?
love it when the myvodafone app never works on my vodafone !
trying to make bt look good?#vodafone#shitshow&#128561;&#128514 ;
dude you are a fucking idiot skepticism nihilism and trying to gaslight me are not arguments miss me with that kike shit
you can buy quality @myvocore slippers for just n3,500 and keep the change # 5kbae # youcankeepthechangebae
this will simply gassing the jews
are you watching reza aslan 's believer series on cnn ?
somewhat " lite " but last night 's show was about the haredim in israel and growing concern among the rest of the population that ultra - orthodox jews want israel to be a theocratic state under jewish law .
one of them said something similar about religion . . .
the intersection of hate .
or words to that effect .
you do not have to be muslim to help kashmir you just have to be human 1 monthofkashmirshutdown
my prayers are with this dear child .
may lord jesus grant a medical miracle .
< user > men commission i d be surprised if < user > even knows that men boys are raped and assaulted in india he seems to talk about nothing but beti < number > < number > beta can go f**k < censored > themselves according to bjp
what good is this pope 's popularity if it does n't lead to people becoming catholic or joining the priesthood ?
is the pope 's popularity an end in itself ?
did n't jesus tell us we should expect to be hated by the world on account of him ?
y'all " twitter niggas " some corn balls in real life
hillary thanks you for your support .
unconfirmed backstory white girl refers to black girl as nigger on facebook black girl responds to prove her wrong
black women complain so much at restaurants 🤣
warlords lord over war .
but the u.s. does n't bunker down with the townsfolk .
i think there might be a geneva violation in there some where .
if not , there ought to be .
it 's like the jihadist are deciding to sacrifice normies for the cause without their approval .
what normal - minded muslim would submit willingly to jihadist fascism ?
fukn jews amirite
do not get flared up w/ this thought / some think the holocaust never really took place / some even say the chemicals were not found in the so called gas chambers / was this planned in order to create political israel ?
i 'm indian and it made me laugh !
are you denying the jim crow democrats created the ghetto plantation they have coaxed the black demographic onto with governmental aide are you denying the schools in these areas are lacking far behind other school districts due to their horrible policies are you denying segregation was created by jim crow democrats
here in lies the problem .
i 'm a bigot , against kids being exploited like this .
we used to call this child abuse 🤔 they call it pride .
see the difference 👇   url
cancelling english classes , confiscating medications , failing to evacuate the sickest migrants — this is the trump legacy at our border .
url
@jisungta @babyhyuckkie u just defined gender dysphoria yes , but the term dysphoria literally means huge amounts of distress .
feeling dysphoria is nt a positive experience !
and i do nt want to center my identity around it
then what you should support are programs that discourage black women from getting abortions .
you should also support the main factor in avoiding abortions : contraception .
and the author is a ratfaced kike faggot absolutely shocking
what a cohen cidence news coverage of syria attack took over munster muslim attack man those global elite must be just plain lucky in the timing of things
it 's double standards !
< repeat > when the hulk goes off into a vicious rage and destroys everything , he 's " incredible . "
but when i do it , i ' m , " an alcoholic . "
every black men women and children in america should want this women dead lifetime membership in the kk mohammedan obama and hillary treated blacks worse than black muslim slavers ever have done for < number > yrs
got made fun of by my professor during tutoring 
 she said i ask too many questions and everyone laughed at me
< user > < user > does that justify lewd comments or sexual harassment on the street should women in our own land on our own soil our own women not feel safe we are not muslims in india who get raped every day we are all co citizens respect is a must
fuck you son of a bitch and birth of a filthy religion
zenitsu fragrance is women repellent
re the < number > people who recently followed me have you no taste or standards i will try to return the follow asap i am just making sure you are not a window licking nazi larping annoying drama queen i can only handleso much of that so far so good theyfollowmewtf
perhaps you can point us to the part of the palestinian charter that says , " death to all jews . "
i am unable to locate it .
a study has found that lesbian couples are twice as likely to divorce as heterosexual couples hardly surprising it not hard to walk out the door when there two locks and no key
how was hitler such a cool dude well he did get 6 million people baked for the rest of their lives
saw a black kid and a chinese kid wave to each other gave me hope for the future .
or another rush hour movie .
was kinda hoping that any country   would grant justin trudeau asylum while he was overseas ...
what 's the difference between boy scouts and jews ?
scouts get to leave the camps
a vaccine could have prevented the illness that made this person retarded
i ca n't see like 60 % of the comments
< user > < user > is that the white castle doctrine
+ david fye ii shut up lying zionist terrorist .
we all know that zio pig nation jewmerica did it .
we wo nt believe your lies .
we will destroy your terrorist nation and isis .
what is the jew doing in the ashtray ?
family research
< user > < user > says the cool chill guy online hahahaja dude you ’ re the stupid retard online
two questions < number > how did you get a picture of my dick < number > who the fuck put a kike star on it
i would repatriate all mongoloid negroids if i had the power at this very moment giving each negroid and mongoloid as many jews as they wanted as slaves as an incentive to leave until all of them were gone
i think freedom of religion is great , i think breaking gender roles is great , i think freedom of speech / self expression is great , i think economic migration can be a good thing and i think , simply put , that everyone should have equal rights upon birth .
you know how that nigger blamed weather on rothschilds without realizing he was naming the jew and then his kike handlers wrote his apology for him maybe trump did not realize what globalist meant and now his kike handlers jarvanka have taken over
< user > brown immigrants will be blamed
wanna see a cock try get inside here ?
rt if you do 😉 # ass # anal # closeups # pussy # milf # filth # purefilth url
according to democrats < number > person can ruin the 2 nd amendment but there nothing an illegal immigrant can do to ruin illegal immigration
incels will never be stable 
 were like a free horse that 's yet to be tamed but there 's nonone out there that will rise up to the challenge
well i have no money to go over the sea neither i think we should have it all over the world on the same day for those that do nt have enough money to travel that far wpww .
we 're missing out on a big part of life 
 do n't let the normies fool you .
i just wanna say that as a woman who likes women and both has a smaller chest and likes women with smaller chests , this sub makes me really happy .
i see beautiful women feeling good about themselves ( as they should ) and i also see myself in them .
at first i only found the sub smallboobproblems which made me sad for women feeling down on themselves or of course porn subs .
this is a hidden gem and needs more attention because so many women would benefit from it .
rapunzel 's mother is just like how i imagine aulea to be .
ahhh i 'm so glad we get to see both her parents interacting with each other & amp ; her
yeah , sure whatever ... 
 ... the master deal - maker ( & apprentice president ):   " nobody knew healthcare was so complicated "
while trump had that $ 1million head start to become a billionaire , how do you explain his selection for secretary of the army ' a 2nd generation italian - american who graduated from west point , did his military service and then became a billionaire ?
how about dr. ben carson the ( gasp ! )
black former director of pediatric neurosurgery at johns hopkins hospital .
he has received more than 60 honorary doctorate degrees , dozens of national merit citations , and written over 100 neurosurgical publications .
in 2008 , he was bestowed the presidential medal of freedom , the highest civilian award in the united states .
( by president obama , of course . )
raised by a single mother in detroit .
trump has selected him for his cabinet , too .
trump , the racist , also has an orthodox jewish son - in - law and his daughter converted to judaism .
how does that fit into your pile of biases ?
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves .
omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so .
then lock this worthless piece of shit up .
rt @deadhomosexual : beat my ass if i ever let a man make me look stupid
that way , couples wo n't marry until a child is on the way , and they can collect benefits .
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
it is fucking freezing i m under 3 blankets and still shivering
in a movie about george harrison , released after his death , one scene shows tom petty telling the story of how he and george talked about the death of their band mate roy orbison the morning after he passed and how george tells tom --- aren't you glad it was n't you ?
now the to are back together again .
as the famous song goes talking about rock and roll heaven --- they must have one hell of a band .
they do .
yes tells a lot its important to note his chief of staff is iranian vallery jarret she is one of the true red diaper babies a progeny like obama and cultural marxists identify with islam because there is little difference between both ideologies
< user > a bunch of little ghetto bastard children with no family structure
wanna put him in his place ?
fist his asshole before fucking him with your fat strapon . #
femdom # femaledomination # femdomcaptions # fisting # strapon url
if trump lite is all canadian conservatives plan to give we the people as " leaders , " we might as well just hand the next federal election to the liberals too .
the sad state of canadian politics and our collective democratic deficit continues .
but were acting like jew isreali and swindling money do nt belong in the same sentence ... -- when we know that 's exactly where they belong .. but she was a gold digger , so she got her sheckles swindled rightfully so ...
few weeks back he quoted a statistic from the government regarding the percentage of paki muslim men involved in rape of young children
.@blackopal80 then what really opened my eyes .
an article on financial abortion .
even , after reading , i still opposed .
responsibility , etc .
warning : if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways then i will hear from heaven and i will forgive their sin and will heal their land .
babies blood is crying out from the ground , false accusations against the president , disrespect men with men women with women , fornicators , fowl mouths ... etc a new green deal will not help you , only humility and repentance will god hear .
america in god we trust we are the people called by his name .
stop killing our babies ban abortion .
we need to repent from our wicked ways .
my dear fellow moslems who live in europe you need to understand two facts < number > europe has never in history accepted your so called prophet and your religion islam < number > from the european perspective islam is just superstition of uneducated arabs and you will never change this attitude never
as to followers remember that twitter followers are cheap to buy and i would not be surprised if twit fucked w travis feed there are like < number > gopers running a lot of them after being asked by the rats sacramento is like chicago totally corrupt hell hole run by wetback mafia
what 's the difference between a jew and a boy scout ?
a boy scout comes home from camp .
what does fashbrain mean you just say words without knowing what they mean stupid people are funny keep saying stupid things retarded person you are making me laugh
they hated jesus because he told them the truth .
trump hates muslims , people of color .
never forget his 2 racial remarks .
" i hate blacks counting my money " ( then he fired blacks in his casino ) .
" i want to kill muslims with bullets dip in pig 's blood "
can not pass a physical can not keep their ship from running into a cargo ship in clear skies can not show up for post on time and bitch when they get diciplined navy headed in the wrong direction
its so hot and my parents do n't want to get me out of here but yet everyone has been out of the house today except me i m dying bye
when someone uses the wrong pronouns / refers to a cis person incorrectly its not misgendering please use misidentified or something else misgendering is a specific word for trans ppls experiences with it and no cis person could ever truly feel the same impact it has on us
< user > ‍ maybe you should stop demanding the token kike be your personal jesus
that white devil ain t low 😒
idea for europe send refugees to caribbean to help rebuild hurricane irma damaged islands let them show how compassionate they can be thousands of miles away
stay classy candice keller .
i am sure the families of the victims of the shootings appreciate your uneducated and outdated hate speech to fuel more fire for white supremacy . #
ohioshooting # whitesupremacistterrorism # whitesupremacistinchief url
< user > < user > on the contrary i have seen many a uu congregation piss and moan about racism bigotry all white congregations that is self righteousness is an observable state
by allah i will end your house
not only do these zionist lunatic coward arsed murdering parasites murder palestinians every single day they actively try and force people to participate in the genocide doing the zionist lunatic work for them , they truly are evil bastard 's fuck shitrael # freepalestine
really they blamed rt for swinging the election ?
americans do n't watch rt .
this is where when someone says something like that they lose all credibility .
besides it 's not like cnn was n't trying to sway things for hillary .
it was so obvious .
found a transponder snail !
whitebeard and luffy working together to save ace ?
https://t.co/wculajyokk # trecru https://t.co/6nly6cjr0d
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i 'll rape your fucking family if you do n't leave you semite bastard .
i will shoot you if you return , because you 're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick .
shalom .
we came in ?
what utter , hyperbolic rubbish .
as if obama carefully plotted this to outrage the jewish faith .
fuck the entire human population
what protests ?
whole country is celebrating right now .
finally , people of jammu and kashmir will have equal rights as the rest of the people in the country .
to all white patriots , watch endgame alex jones , or endgame from prison planet , and learn the agenda from the criminals jewish bankers .
the nigger con taking the gun from the jumped up meter maid and killing her the white male cop is classic proof of the real world lethality of the feminist poison injected by the god damned kikes into the brains of naive women
any pope who would adopted a totalitarian style of government and model the church 's   government after it --- is reactionary .
both jp ii and benedict did this .
perhaps some catholics , and sadly catholics who would never put up with this in a civil government , could be ' brain - washed ' into believing that religion should be oppressive --- that god is also oppressive .
sucking all the msm dick eh curry nigger race traitor tell em how you are really an sjw who sides with sadiq khan mayor of londonstan and believe curries and sand niggers should steal whyte wymn and destroy the white race gabfam speakfreely tell em how you censor downvotes profitmonger
what would be the top posts on an active r / normies sub ?
< user > < user > mate i have never had much luck finding faggots on a night out
laws regarding immigration system is nt going to keep the dems from circumventing the system by breaking the law to allow mass immigration of muslims mexicans only < number > thing can be done to stop mass immigration start throwing dems in jail until that happens immigrants will flow like water
i hope so , as well : bernie sanders supporters getting rightfully shot by law enforcement for the attempted murder of elected officials sounds like the perfect " type of resistance . "
there is no code .
the state building code does n't cover residential structures with less than four units .
unless you are in a home rule municipality that has elected to take over code enforcement responsibilities from the state fire marshal , there is no local building code .
do girls just have this part of their brain that makes them think about thinks to annoy them ... coz i certainly fucking do&#129300;&#128173;&#128580 ;
< user > you can not grab a person firearm and start punching them and trying to take it you utter fucking retard
@maheljyoti @manojtiwarimp rti activist shri .
vikram bhave has written a book ' invisible hand behind malegaon blasts ' to bring to light the falsehood of ' saffron terrorism ' concept .
the real face of many officers in anti - terrorism squad ( ats ) and congress was thus exposed   # wesupportpunalekar & bhave .
someone please tell the mayor of berkeley that calling speech you hate hate speech does not give you the right to circumvent the first amendment let alone justify you abusing your authority and permitting violence against anyone or anyone property miloriots no i am still not over it
open borders , robber barons getting bailouts , weak laws against child rapists , castration of kids , whites being portrayed as evil in the media , , , 
 a good heuristic for all the absurd problems of the west today is # jewsdidthis 
 you 'll be right 90 % of the time .
it looks like the administration is entirely black and the study body is 95 % black .
that makes reading some of these facebook comments hilarious .
> y'all so fucking annoying 😒 we need our own schools > the fact that they only posted appropriate hairstyles for afro american children is disgusting .
our hair is our cultural it has nothing to do with education .
obviously they 're the ones in need of an education and morals .
pure devils
not a big fan of the donald , however , it is important to recognize that 8 years of obama 's and democrats ' socialism created a donald trump .
this " sky is falling editorial " by the globe is typical of all 
 media worldwide , that has forgotten the working class , and   is a big part of the reason he won .
before trump stopped it how many faggots enlisted to have mil pay to chop their peckers off enquiring minds wanna know
i do n’t get what the whole deal with the holocaust is ... i ’m pretty sure hitler just said “ i wanna glass a juice ” not i wanna gas the jews .
it took me a whole 2 seconds to find that equalty ohio is requiring that .
would you like for me to spend 20 seconds and find you 5 more examples ?
so , your candidate loses and you stop going to mass ?
i respectfully suggest that you need a sense of proportions .
it 's called the douay - rheims translation .
wanna put him in his place ?
fist his asshole before fucking him with your fat strapon . #
femdom # femaledomination # femdomcaptions # fisting # strapon url
i hate when girls refer to me as so n so 's girl or so n so 's friend .
u know my instagram name/ twitter name/ snapchat name .
girl u know me & # 128580 ;
so the major reason that moslem commit murder etc is because that the only way their book says that entry into heaven is guaranteed and they have recently opened it up for women too which previously was forbidden
@brireasons thank you & # 128522 ; they 're stubborn and very blonde , but i 've never tried vitamins to help them , so now i might
my girlfriend always takes long showers after watching movies starring chris pratt ... i do n't know what she 's doing in there , but it gives me lots of time to jerk off to chris pratt .
vox believes kristol foreign policy goals will always take precedence and he will move the goalposts as suits him vox is a dumpster fire but they got this part right other lefty kikes like tomasky see trump as an existential threat to kike hegemony and do not care about the details
st. john 's college choir , cambridge , england : come , thou long expected jesus : st john 's college choir , cambridge - youtube st john 's college choir cambridge - wise - prepare ye the way - youtube jesus christ , the apple tree merry christmas ( almost ) --last week in advent ! ! ! ! ! !
begich needs to run for gov in 2018 .
if he can get two terms he will straighten out the redistricting of the r 's .
" @erikssonmalin85 : have u ever expressed ur anger only to be asked the question : are you hormonal ? #
questionsformen "   testerosterone ?
yeah .
really alex jones believes that the arabs in israel need to return to jordan where they actually came from because that my two state solution israel and jordan done and done
blow a stack for yo niggas with yo trapping ass
i agree everyone should have skin in the game .
i do n't agree the dividend can survive once we impose a broad - based tax .
my version of skin in the game is : end the dividend , start a very low 1 % income tax ( on 1040 line 43 taxable income ) or a more progressive income tax ( based on 5 % of your federal tax ) plus the old " school tax " ( which is also an income tax ) capped at $ 100 .
this is " fair " to everyone , particularly considering that an estimated 60 - 70 % of alaskans who do not pay any federal tax will probably not pay much state income tax either .
in any case , we will never solve the budget dilemma until we acknowledge the dividend must end .
person : pfft , hell does n't exist !
me : ( with poison ivy ) oh have i got a story for you
potus do you believe it the obama administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from australia why i will study this dumb deal maga obama aussies immigration
hillary was the victim of her husband 's infidelities .
i suspect that , like most spouses in that position , she went through something like the five stages of grief --   denial , anger , bargaining , depression and acceptance .
but she did n't have the luxury of doing it in private .
while bill clinton ’s misconduct is indefensible , he had at least enough decency to be ashamed of it , and the clintons managed to save their marriage .
trump , by contrast , has always regarded his sexual promiscuity as a point of pride -- even to the point of pretending to be his own public relations person in order to brag to the press about his sexual exploits .
bill and hillary managed to save their marriage ; trump is in his third marriage , subsequent to multiple and well - publicized adulterous relationships .
he ’s been accused of domestic and sexual violence , up to and including accusations of marital rape and child abuse .
it is trump , not bill clinton , who is running for president .
wonho be like “ who want me 😍 ” bitch monsta x
had like < number > followers when gab was cool now its like what the fuck am i doin here nigger
the chinese literally were n't allowed to immigrate as of the 50 's .
irish and italians were denied the same things until the 40 's .
the japanese were in actual camps , with all their possession left behind or stolen in the 40 's .
all these groups are doing economically great these days .
probably has something to do with average iq . (
little hint : college educated black men have almost the same average iq as your classic uneducated backwoods white redneck ) .
you got ta hit her with " did you just assume my gender " * * * modern problems require modern solutions
soon to be known as " former " senator cory gardner ...
trash ass 2015 ass nigga get outta here
yes .
exactly .
fuck these religitard trash places and burn them to the ground .
the vatican , israel , everywhere .
luckily this kike has never lived under nazi rule and definitely never lived under communist rule both hate kikes for the sand niggers they are
this is the type of woman that you marry ! ! !
me a " paid troll " ? ?
what a coincidence ... i was just   thinking the you might be a _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _   _ _ _ _ _ 
 .
as for " morality" .... not going to argue that ... 
 its enough to know that you and i agree , we would not even feed this stuff to our dogs ...... 
 good starting point .
i just ca n't help thinking that a company that disrespects basic food just to make 30 cents extra profit a slice .... well , it can not be run by a bunch of straight shooters .
.
they are not just just making $ $ and giving 99 % of it away to " shareholders" ..... like some kind of a charity .... think about it ... or at least i hope others will .
where are the financial statements of " pizza pizza limited " ? ?
the parent company ..... the guys who actually run the business , sell the crappy ingredients , pay for renovations etc etc 
 .
gee ... its a private company ..... 
 the story is just a fairy tale unless you know what is on their books .
read up on " the domino effect" ...... and no , its not a pizza story .
the sheer amount of people on facebook who are vegan and hate on the black lives matter movement and feminism is so ridiculous
yeah sure sperg take your kike shill bullshit somewhere else
< user > the duffers are too homophobic 😔
nuke the rothschild - bauer forced occupation of israel .
talmudic infant killing blood drinking jews created the democrat , socialist , communist , and liberal all to destabilise nations .
now we have jew funded factions like antifa'g popping up all over america .
the jews primary enemy has become the moslem !
jews demoralised america over the last 100 years with satanic qabalist hollywood .
they rape our children .
their music " industry " screams modern slavery .
besides this truth .... why fight jew battles ?
whites and blacks usually get along ... the crypto - jews ran the transatlantic slave trade .
so why are white non - slave owner americans in 2017 under attack ?
one answer .... devious evil jews .
do n't be fooled .... i am a jewish anti - semite .
i like being an anti - semite .
when you study jewish history for 47 years like i have you know damn well who the enemy of humanity is .
i am judeo - christian .
i am on the right side .
all blessings be to jesus christ and g 🕍 d ! ! #
americafirst # simonoftrentsrevenge
what would be the ideal woman 
 like i want it really specific- height , hair colour , eye colour , weight , personality traits
remember to to try to play higher or lower ... or just click some butterflies and play it safe , i believe in you
two of garett 's holds were a question of technique .
on one there was a run away from garett and he let his man get inside .
garett then had to hook his man 's leg in an attempt to make the block .
on the second he had his man in front of him and two handfuls of jersey , which is legal if the ball is behind you .
but lynch ran outside making garett 's block no longer legal , and garett did n't recognize this and let go .
these are things he can improve with experience .
but garett also had some incredible blocks .
on one he stood his man up in the middle of the line and jammed every 49er who was trying to pursue on a run to the left side .
and of course he kept pancaking people all night , which is just how he finishes off his blocks .
you ca n't teach the kind of power and desire that garett already has .
all of you garett haters are going to owe me an apology very soon .
some of ezra 's supporters have asked for an example of his hate .
google his article about the roma gypsy 's .
if you do n't think it 's racist , then replace gypsy with jew and tell me what you really think .
it 's a great exercise in exposing hypocrisy .
ralston lost because springfield did the right thing , they voted him out .
hate once a year betters , either stay up till 4 am betting on virtual racing like the rest of us or fuck off
try distancing yourself from your ancestors and relatives who appropriated canada from the indigenous peoples .
start packing your bags and get out ! !
you can always move to the west bank or gaza where your palestinian friends and cohorts live .
i 'm sure you 'd be more than welcome , unless of course you are gay , or a female having yet to undergo genital mutilation , or worse yet , jewish .
fuck jews , may allah curse them
how about you learn something , anything about what you are talking about ?
it is just respectful .
kek those jews with their dumb little hats
someone somewhere is laughing at all the identity politicking going on , sitting in their ivory tower and pulling at people 's hear strings - divide and conquer ( control ) .
just take a look at our wonderful part - time drama teacher pm and his finance minister when they are " targeting "   small business and higher income families .
might not seem like much but when this type of behavior of " targeting " various groups , regardless of who they are , is multiplied the affects serve no good but to divide people on a massive scale .
this divisiveness creates volatility , in turn creating polarization making it easier for governments and organizations to measure and identify " their followers " , instead of stepping away from identity politics and serve all the people equally .
there has been not one leader in the last 20 - 30 years in canada or the us that has really tried to unify the people simply because that would not work for them .
i 'm late catching up on news .
i 've just heard government say britain might go to war with spain .
spain .
fucking hell
how on earth did the muslim paedophiles in rotherham operate with impunity for so long
last night i was kind of drunk and held up a steadfast sieg heil the entire time some nigger was walking past me on the bus it was gratifying
@kovazukerman @tlmnlpstz they just murder thousands of other people lmao .
keep defending israeli apartheid and occupation , but never wonder why we hate your guts you zionist pigs
< user > < user > < user > and islam 7 th century outdated ideology created by arabs has no place in 2 1 st century
why are jews so smart ?
forced artificial selection
o allah , forgive him and have mercy on him and give him strength and pardon him .
be generous to him and cause his entrance to be wide and wash him with water and snow and hail .
cleanse him of his transgressions as white cloth is cleansed of stains .
url
i was trying to be charitable in my thoughts toward his future bride , but it 's hard to do so .
i feel   he 's been given a crystal ball that 's letting him see her lack of ability , to empathize , offer support and deal with his mother 's illness and eventual passing .
as well as , heaven forbid , if he ever gets a life - threatening illness .
just did a world trip and i would say that south america + turkey in general were super excited about seeing asians .
kpop is big in south america and i had a girl in turkey scream and run to me excitedly asking me if i was korean / japanese .
did n't face any discrimination , and people in latin america & turkey were friendly as hell .
but in general , if you 're asian - looking , they will assume you are from asia .
had one guy in turkey said i do n't look like i 'm from america .
if anything , they may ask some ignorant - ish questions but nothing malicious .
it 's sad when the stupid petitions get filled in 2 - 3 weeks like that one to build the death star .
the pm is a bit of a bonehead .
what this article did not describe , is how also in sherbrooke he refused to answer a question in english when asked about mental patients not getting treatment in english in quebec ( he answered the question in french instead ) .
he should watch it .
he has a lot of passionate supporters in quebec ( mostly anglophones or allophones ) and this a good way to loose that .
brian mulroney achieved something similar in the early 90s when he said to non - francophones who wanted a bit more protection against draconian language laws " quebeckers pain is their problem . "
there are over 1 million non - francophones in quebec - still a significant number !
chandrayaan 2 launch : akshay kumar , shah rukh khan lead bollywood in congratulating isro 's achievem ... - hindustan times url url
well at least that kike is honest about his fear of armed goyim
bitch you could love me you cross me tho i m a show you tho bitch ass boy
voice , personality , appearance , humor , height .
i basically find short women attractive .
i just want to call a spade a spade ... regardless of suite or color .
wanna get away with attacking and murdering jews , especially in europe ?
1)tell them you are mentally unfit to stand trial .
2)tell them you are fighting against " occupation " .
3)if you are n't a muslim , tell them you are converting to islam .
url
alamance county nc the news record – a man is in the alamance county jail after police say he lured a woman to a residence and raped and physically assaulted her multiple times
" if we release them who 's going to pay for their medical care ? "
who cares ?
as long as it reduces our taxes for something that should shoulder the burden by somebody other than the public .
> on the one hand , the black cop needs a paycheck .
if he goes against the other cop , he 'll be permanently branded as disloyal to the force .
he needs to get a different job then .
nazi soldiers needed a paycheck too and that why they had no problem committing genocide .
fuck them and fuck the police gang
i am jewish so i may be a little biased here but i do feel that you are doing the right thing .
people in general should respect others of their relgious beleifs and even their spirtual ones .
there is no place for religious accommodation in my canada .
religions of every kind are a cancer on the human race that breed intolerance , contempt and ultimately violence by those who simply take their fairy - tales way too seriously .
i do n't care if you 're muslim , christian , jewish or rastafarian ; it 's all nonsense .
i would argue that hrc has done a great deal of damage to women .
first by not kicking bill to the curb in order to preserve her ambitions , and second by assuming that all women should vote for her simply because she is a woman herself .
by coming back to ' roar ' she is simply making it worse .
good point , i.e. , that he is expecting sophisticated understanding from an employee earning minimum wage .
there 's no difference between taking your one 42(c ) shot * because a judge is gay * and filing a fruitless motion to disqualify for cause * because a judge is gay * .
maybe you do n't make yourself look like a fool on a 42(c ) , and the reason behind it may be opaque to the court , but it 's obviously not opaque to the lawyer or the client .
using that reason to pre - empt a judge is bigotry .
it was then and it is now .
it 's also pretty monumentally stupid to pre - empt a judge to cater to your own / your client 's irrational prejudices and risk winding up with a much worse judge for another reason .
as you should know .
do you let your clients screen out jewish , black , and female judges too ?
how about the ones who are just monumentally uninterested or untrained in the type of case you 're filing ?
jews run the media 
 jews run hollyjewsteinwood 
 jews run academia 
 jews run the fed .......... 

 any questions ?
while you run scared of the jews i will just concentrate on keeping pedo muzzies out of the usa ok
that nigga really meant it when he said he was going to swat you 😂 🥶 white people wit the shits for real haha not
come on mike chenault .
that quote of yours is an insult and you are or should be better than that . "
were the legislature ... we can do anything . "
man , you need to get an education that 's the attitude that got a bunch of you a short while ago into federal prison .
perhaps a cause of such senseless violence we see in our streets
i ’ m happy i came up around whites imagine being raised in the ghetto
@aig " why god hates pride " ..... funny how he 's supposed to be " all loving " until you twist it all round in your hate filled bigoted manner .
how about you stop persecuting other people and just concentrate on getting your own house in order ?
you have 2000 years to catch up on .
another white skank trying to capitalize on makeup .
no thanks .
season over
my native american grandmother had the same experience if hiding her identity in a racist society .
f the gop it drowning itself in the bathtub unless you people are just going to give up and let these nazi puke sacks win i am never going to quit fighting white supremacists until they are gone republicans are the party of white supremacy that their identity 👻
so john , you 're saying that the prosecution of any of those " twisted people " was only done a christian judiciary ?
that there were no jews , muslims , atheists , buddhists , or followers of other religions involved , only christians ?
that 's a bit hard to believe is n't it ?
however your post actually proves my point .
no doubt many of the prosecutors had some affiliation to the christian faith .
therefore no one could claim that christians are " twisted people " who murder abortion providers .
islam is no different , there is no basis to assert that all muslims are terrorists just because of the actions of a small fundamentalist subset .
fuck the zionists , send them to the gas chambers
just going to assume every " hate crime " is bs until proven otherwise .
this is all getting so damn ridiculous .
gosh , just sign on to missile defense agreement already .
the dithering in 2005 cost paul martin the pm job .
time to get this done and fast !
@stemcell when those iranian missiles hit us cities , we 'll find out about human rights , you illiterate son of a fcking jewish tranny , lol
modi is the one evil fish who is eating the muslims just because of his hatred towards muslims indiashatevirus
world war 2 would have never happened if the jews never existed
lrt only white people can fuck up queso like that huh
what is like sitting in the room , with many inconclusive books , doing approximately nothing except dreaming .
what is this"this molecule did that molecule that and that which was done by this molecule ?
what i did understand is the words were repeatedly mentioned twice or thrice or even four times with nothing conclusive .
you know , who wrote the first scientific book ?
if we are to judge him or her if what was written was correct , how do prove that truth ?
he said he was in afghanistan to help villagers ' who live deep inside taliban - controlled afghanistan where no ngo , no aid worker and no government has ever successfully been able to bring the necessary help . ' * * * *
+ + + + * * * * ah yes superman with his supreme skillsets rides to the rescue - yeah right .
looking very nice and attractive sexy hard cock darling 😆 i would love to slowly slide my wet lips over your head of your beautiful hard cock and slowly slide my mouth down onto your hard juicy cock going deeply into my mouth please .
😆 💖 💋
especially since he claims he is a gay man
am i the only one who is n't obsessed with gfriend 's lightstick ?
if you drop that shit it 's game over , it 'll break like a damn snowglobe
it is n't though , you 're being duped .
the alt - left is a violent anti - conservative movement .
they beat people with bats who showed up to see a gay , jewish conservative speaker speak at college campuses .
you 're being duped .
ann coulter has a point blacks in america should be thankful their ancestors were slaves as bad as they perceive they have it it better to live in a ghetto in america than anywhere in africa increased income lifespan equality of opportunity
well i 'm certainly open to a menu of options that keep the olf open and , and protect the civilians like you caught in the middle .
some politicians may not be , but i 'm not an elected official - i 'm an activist with a big heart and functioning eyes & ears .
the liberal " politically correct " ethos is drowning out even muslims that want to help and condemn this type of brutal violence by their most radical flanks --i think they call this irony .
no law abiding , responsible muslim citizen wants their children involved with these insidious terrorist groups ; no more than white parents want their kids in neo - nazi gangs , or black parents want their kids hanging around with the bloods and crips .
let muslims help by speaking out and identifying these radical elements within their community , so let 's please not sacrifice more innocent blood in the name of politeness and pretend that we do n't see any differences in our multicultural societies .
help be part of the solution , read " heretic why islam needs a reformation now by ayaan hirsi ali "
the " vietnamese boat people " need to be removed from hong kong , they are not true chinese .
joshua wong is american cia vietnamese terroist .
western post colonial oppression still exists .
people all over still suffer .
malcolm x - " how the white man taught you how to hate yourself and your people "
one correction : richard allen led african - american congregants out of a methodist church , not an episcopal church , to start the african methodist episcopal church .
his friend absalom jones start the first african - american episcopal church , a part still of the episcopal diocese of pennsylvania , at about the same time .
he became the first african - america ordained priest in the episcopal church .
bring back the likes of pope urban ii so we can have it out w the muzzies and kill the jews in the process w absolute immunity how can you not see the appeal of this life was better then
.@sirscatters @lostsailorny not being gay is not homophobia .
some do try to conflate them , somehow ...
\>poison time to fap \>no 15 inch futa dick flopping everywhere with 2 big mouth watering sweaty balls time to not fap
memrees a o ' 4 

 i remember when i was a kid and read every book i could on america , founders , biographies , etc a - i like how jews can change facts over time simply by saying " now that 's it 's current year , we know more from the past "
that was on a sheet of paper , and i take it you meant bull sheet ( as other poster said it before )
white people at school using the word ghetto on their instagram story please mickenzie explain to me what you mean by that word 🤨 🤨 🤨 🤨 🤨
stupid white trash alert !
if the guy was a member of the nra , it would be all over the liberal media by now .
when more information comes out there maybe an argument for a gun ban on clinton supporters .
why is the womens march of pink hats trending higher than the government shutdown by # chucky cheese schumer "
it 's nowhere near 99.9 % , or was that comedy ?
what s the difference between jews and santa ?
santa stays for the milk and cookies , jews only stay for the shower .
build a wall , take a head count , or put their kids in cages ...... you'll never get rid of the brown ppl .
they will still be next to you in walmart .
enjoy .
china needs to slaughter the entire rh- lie bloodline and all that serves that bloodline .
that bloodline is mixed with the jew rh - blood and controls that country
what makes it worse is the fact that actors such as streep think their public displays of political showboating actually means something or changes american public opinion .
they truly think they have influence when in reality they only embarrass themselves .
we are falling into the dead end of a sub culture more than the ideological ghetto of libertarianism et el
gab is the white ghetto
it 's sharia creep , as those who 've been paying attention know .
the thin edge of the wedge , bit by bit .
listen to the muslim immigrants who attended the rebel 's freedom - of - speech meeting on tuesday — they know - http://tinyurl.com/zpcco5n .
watch this analysis of m-103 - http://tinyurl.com/hhxdukm 

 consider this : more hate crimes perpetrated against jews in canada than on any other group .
and this : around the world , more muslims are killed by muslims than by any other group .
as for islamophobia , if it means fear of radical islam — beheadings , live incinerations , stoning rape victims to death , forcing women into wearable body bags , throwing gay people off rooftops , etc , etc , barbaric practices , etc , etc — what sane person of any nationality , religion , race , colour would n't be afraid ?
illegals hard at work helping their community being arrested amazing .
what 's the difference between jews and money ?
it 'd be a tragedy if someone lost 6 million dollars
trudeau now grovels for the jewish vote 
 having already pandered to 
 muslim vote 
 gay vote 
 feminist vote 
 diversity vote 
 indigenous vote 
 immigrant vote 
 refugee vote 
 sunny vote 
 what next ?
supa wanna be a dyke so bad lmfao
what is the point of being a nigger if you can not act like one
regarding the practice of child sacrifice in africa -- does n't christianity promote this false idea that there is a god or spirit that must be appeased with a human sacrifice ?
according to the book of hebrews 7:27 , 9:26 , etc . ,
jesus is the one and only sacrifice ,   a man who offers himself as a human sacrifice to yahweh .
but the jews have it right , and also the muslims , as they know yahweh did not accept abraham 's human sacrifice of issac , and god abhors human sacrifice , and god would never accept a human sacrifice , not even the sacrifice of a jesus .
god has no need for a human sacrifice .
a human sacrifice is an abomination .
i suspect that muslims and jews are immune to christianity because they know this fact about human sacrifice -- god abhors it .
islam may be the solution to this problem of child sacrifice .
either that or adequate law enforcement
a disproportionate number of nobel laureates are jewish , does that mean that non - jewish people are incapable of abstract , complex thought ?
by your logic , that 's exactly what it means .
it looks to me as if doug ford and john tory are playing a little pre - election political chess , assuming that john tory intends to run again .
doug ford proposes the stadium renaming , knowing that if tory is against it he will look petty and vindictive and if he is in favour doug has a small victory under his belt .
it was his idea .
john tory sees the trap and decides the best option to appear in favour , but hope that the public will vocally oppose the idea then and he and council can simply say the public does not support it .
it seems from the posts here that the general public does not support it , the idea is ludicrous .
pre - election political chess match 1 - win for tory .
< user > < user > clearly name pp and that begherat bilawal corrupt benazir and psycho zardari
you 're right , kami .
almost added paradis but thought the note was getting too long .
most of us do n't have much patience for kiz or comments longer than two sentences . ;)
the myth of a market place for green issues is like the myth of a market place for health care .... there is none .
we should think of these kinds of issues as investments in the future that only govt can make .
another similar example is investment on kids who live in poverty who never receive adequate early education .
they do very poorly in school and in life if they miss the important developmental tasks in their early years .
for them it 's a basic need .
and for us it 's an investment in their futures that they can not afford .
studies show that even at ages 27 and 40 they lose out and are on the bottom of the heap .
" ... significantly higher earnings , rates of home ownership , and levels of schooling , as well as significantly fewer arrests and social service interventions , than a control group of non - preschool participants .
cost - benefit analysis revealed that , over the lifetimes of the participants , the preschool program returned to the public an estimated $ 7.16 for every dollar spent . "
news : " scots throw away £ 560 worth of food each every year " 

 maybe mcdonald 's should stop putting salad in their burgers .
hi i´m juana , i´m a proud white spanish women , a nationalist , and far right .
sorry to burst yours , but the case simply acknowledged that as the occupying power , israel administers the territory and as such , could build the light rail system the case was about .
however , it did not rule that the illegal settlements are anything but , and as you know , the colonization of occupied territory is a serious crime , as affirmed by the world in december through the security council .
funny you guys can find these cases and misinterpret them in the vain attempt to defend the indefensible , but ca n't simply accept the law as it regards israel 's crimes .
they should be released and celebrated as heroes of morality .
confiscate the media empire of soe filth jew a d give it to these kids thrw the jew in jail for corrupting our nations youth by promoting shit for niggers
but you 're changing situation that we 're discussing .
the situation is n't that two doors have been randomly selected and we 're going to open them to see who wins . [ ... ]
so with this new information , we know that there was a 2/3rds probability that we chose wrong initially and now we get to flip the odds .
but as much as i appreciate physical beauty , i still think that nothing can beat the beauty of the soul & # 129419 ;
what do you get when you let a bunch of queers and feminists run everything sharia law
i 'm indian and it made me laugh !
nonsense .
no decent person walks along side swastika wielding nazis and white - robed klansmen chanting " jews will not replace us . "
walking in that demonstration -- as opposed to running away from it -- is entirely inconsistent with simple decency .
trump disgraced himself , the presidency and the country by suggesting that it was possible for " very fine people " to march with nazis and klansmen .
no decent person makes common cause with nazis , no matter what the cause .
it 's a tragedy that , in 2017 , this even has to be said .
what a disaster this president is .
except that the majority of citizens voted for clinton .
sorry to hear about this attack on your girlfriend and i hope she makes a complete recovery .
1,108 days until the end of the first trump administration and there are still people who think we have time to play games trying to win elections .
the self homophobia within you is stronger than the piss the cheeto swallowed
< user > < user > if the jury had been all white i think they would have fallen for the castle doctrine so i do not think this changes much but it a small step just like the fact cops are actually being arrested although most do not get convicted
gender forum < user > < user > what way forward for the victims and survivors of sexual harassment and violence
jews attacking peaceful christian countries using inbred thick muslims as a weapon jews have learnt nothing from the holocaust and german jews even less
i think freedom of religion is great , i think breaking gender roles is great , i think freedom of speech / self expression is great , i think economic migration can be a good thing and i think , simply put , that everyone should have equal rights upon birth .
build an immigrant ghetto next to his retirement residence
it be the same hoes talking shit in a group chat that ’ insecure asf in real life by themselves 😭
yea i agree .
for straight people it may seem a bit much , but for people of the community it feels like the best thing you could imagine , knowing that other people are like you i see how as a straight it may be a bit annoying tho :(
just think .
you can solve a lot of problems by mailing checks to juneau right now .
add plenty of zeros .
< user > probably sits around reading < number > shades of grey imagining a virile nazi seducing her then she sets the book down and sees her kike husband in bed next to her
gab is a speakeasy in a prohibition .. end the prohibition # freetheinternet # freespeech # freeamerica # freethought 1776
i am a veteran i got tired of dealing with faggots and killing sandniggers for jews fuck that
jews are inbred
what does the ‘ w ’ in hitler stand for ?
wrong .
but i ca n't get her to smoke unless i bitch about it .
the struggles of having a girl who does n't ... in actuality it 's a great thing .
i 'm fucking exhausted and i 'm fucking sad and i just want to fucking go to sleep and i fucking ca n't because i 'm fucking stressed out .
fuck .
obama raised the national debt by about 8 trillion ( more than all past presidents combined ) 

 gender is a grammatical term concerning pronouns .
sex is a   biological term that relates to the organism .
it 's not xenophobic to fear fundamentalist muslims .
:-d
altright : “ we ’re going to do what ’s best for whites . ”
jews : “ white supremacy ! ”
altright : “ but is n’t that what jews do ? ”
jews : “ yes , but when you do it it ’s bad for us and therefore anti - semitic . ”
glad to see that the us is n't the only place where 39 % of the population are fucking morons .
< user > < user > bet cash money he say it ain t his baby 😂 😂 😂 😂 😩 😩 😩 😩
great game of football today at the vets sussex county cup final .
quality of both sides was very high @horleytownfc @lingfield_fc
xpost from r / news - woman arrested for false rape claim
yu really can not save these hoes they do not wanna be saved
i am white and in favour of legal immigration .
i guess that makes me a nazi , white supremacist , rapist , ummm what are the other buss words they use ... i guess all of the above .
oh yeah i did n't say if i was jewish , christian , muslim , or an atheist .
i just believe in the rule of law .
i 'm the guy who knows where the project financing is located .
a magic show is a failure without audience participation .
if you make too much noise in the audience the bouncers will toss you out of the theater .
your kids will likely behave themselves and enjoy the magic show .
i understood this truth when i was in high school at lathrop in fairbanks .
yes , there really is a santa claus ........   ;-)
you are working for delta dental as a paid bot .
they have paid your organization to harass fluoride opponents .
i have repeatedly told you to get lost .
i am officially telling you to stop harassing me on this site or any other .
go away !
i will report any further contact to admin here and our state attorney general 's office as well as the north carolina authorities .
this is my last warning .
just hang that jew from a tree branch and divide his assets among the victims .
says the leftist that does n't want me to : 

 -drink too large of a soft drink 
 -own guns 
 -say anything politically incorrect 
 -say anything remotely pro white 
 -criticize anyone that is n't a white cis gendered male 
 -burn coal 
 -drive a car that gets poor fuel economy 
 -smoke 
 -use incandescent bulbs 
 -honor god 

 yeah , sure .
it 's us " evil white conservatives " that are the control freaks .
i do n't see conservatives trying to ban leftist websites ..... but the leftist adl and splc does everything in their power to shut down websites they disagree with .
< user > < user > donate it to jews
glenn , the human rights tribunal decisions you 're talking about obviously did n't involve issues like ' cultural appropriation '   they never have .
however , they have involved ( for instance ) white supremacists who advocated the wholesale extermination of homosexuals and " r**ards , "   among other groups of people .
that one also called for global genocide of jews and other non - whites .
that 's slightly more than ' hurt feelings ' perpetrated by truly dreadful people .
i 'm sure you 're against that ... are n't you ?
what was the mandalay bays gun policy as of september 30th ?
i kike the idea of an uncensored social media app but why no iphone app why is not there more advertising there also needs to be something more unique about it other than free speech
jews and arabs will destroy america
what was adolf hitler 's biggest mistake ?
not killing the 9,000,001 th jew .
the jews are rapists and thugs
this african god will change your greek goddess way of viewing life
curanis are nigger jews
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
i believe this limit may possibly increase once the " medible rush " mellows out , no pun intended .
i 'm guessing the state wants to avoid low tolerance users being floored by medical strength edibles , and dealing with the backlash of the media pointing fingers at the state for people getting too intoxicated .
however , i really believe the state needs more input from the public , and anyone can take part in the rule hearings for the proposed rules and regulations ... the next meeting is may 25th !
" rule hearings are held at olcc 's main office , located at 9079 s.e. mcloughlin blvd . ,
in portland .
the capacity limit for this meeting room is 100 , with entry granted on a first come , first served basis . "
i work in the industry and really urge people to take advantage of public hearings .
have your voice be heard on this matter .
for more info , see : http://www.oregon.gov/olcc/marijuana/documents/rules/olcc_noticeofpublichearing_recreationalmarijuana.pdf
how long does it take a jew to make a party with his ancestors ?
how long does it usually take for dust to start covering your house ?
working really is ghetto
i do n't know why i always feel like i 'm fucking up .. can i just crawl under a rock
a jew with a boner runs into a wall .
what does he break ?
his nose .
🔷 on the authority of abu sa`eed al - khudree ( may allah be pleased with him ) who said : i heard the messenger of allah ( ﷺ ) say ,   " whosoever of you sees an evil , let him change it with his hand ; and if he is not able to do so , then [ let him change it ] with his tongue ; and if he
how fags cock looks while riding a dildo url
if they hate you for being real just ignore that shit
it was a black 3 or 4 year old girl that was involved in a spat in the play area .
the white child looked to be 6 or 7 .
the white father came to the table of the mother of the tiny child and then picked her up by the arm and incited his own child to hit her , whereupon the black mother pulled her away and protected her family .
nobody stepped in to help the woman - even when the man leaned over and raised his fist at her , shook the table with all the kids sitting around .
a fellow patron then stepped in to try to help .
this is all on the released cctv footage if anyone bothers to look .
that mother is a hero in my eyes , i would have gone ballistic if he had laid a finger on my child .
the world wants you dead or gays want you dead ?
there were not but < number > kikes that left europe during the war per the european jewish congress in < number > no one is sure if they died or left the < number > gorillion is another kike lie
interesting ... so its the rcmp that is spying on citizens illegally then , thus breaking the charter of rights , and illegally attempting to : intimidate and create the climate of fear among citizens .
interesting .
i 'm looking forward to see the lawsuits in the future against these overpaid and over funded agencies , that are often sued .
every canadian that is a victim of this " mass surveillance " should sue for multi - million dollar suits .
i am jewish in < number > generations not one kike has been introduced into my family i am half pure aryan
this women has ruined europe for all the barbarians she let in her country .
shame on her .
< user > just the jews you fucking kike
it is time that we stop talking about losing ground and start doing something about it .
@excusemyextraz most definitely better get all the bread out a old nigga , but for us young niggas nah do n't trick on nothing , but yo girl .
if niggas single shit got ta be 50/50 .
can we ship these jews to an island some place .
so tired of their hypocrisy .
they are fake democrats .
they are in bed with republicans and they occupy palestine .
🇵 🇸
let me guess he 's going to the jews were terrorists next fucking scum needs to punched ten times
i love your big tits , but i think they need my dick between them
why do n't you have sex with a vegan ?
they do n't want meat in their system .
cnn promotes white guilt because it 's ran by jews so do n't fall for it guys 😎 whites are right , jews are screws .
who want nothing more than to rule over the mixed disgusting mut race they are attempting to create by promoting race mixing and mass immigration to white countries .
what do black people and jews have in common ?
they both get ashy
the overall result is that we are n't pathologizing the existence of transgender people and providers are encouraged to focus on actual issues pertaining to mental and physical health .
which is a good thing .
if i was 20 years younger i would jump at the chance .
i expat i think i might have criticised some muslims and a bit of islam possibly some jews slightly and i am afraid to go and visit my elderly relatives i am pro israel though perhaps that like a sort of passport now what happening to us
thank - you for writing a response to that article as it was not only begging a response but was begging the exact questions that you posed , mr. cornelius , questions that are on the minds of people who must now unite against the fascism and racism that trump and his party represent .
chuck schumer b > you know my name comes from the word shomer guardian watcher my ancestors were guardians of the ghetto wall in chortkov b
how do you know when a cake is done baking in the oven ?
when the jews stop screaming
what do hitler and thanos have in common ?
they both did nothing wrong .
do n't go to third world countries filled with violent low iq third worlders .
the dp ran a story about the dprk missile .
did you miss it ?
funny that because you do n't like the stories , they must be fabricated .
the hell these niggas doing lmfao url
@ienearth it 's overwhelmingly humbling to me that the indigenous peoples of this land still stand and fight after all they have been through .
they could be wallowing in hopelessness but have chosen to stand up for others and immigrants at that .
their spirit is indomitable .
i hate people of color
sooooooooooooooooooooo fucking bloweddddddddd bruhhh i ca n't
midnight 's dick is bigger than mine .
his skin is darker .
he ai n't got my chicken legs .
and he has more ig followers .
am i jealous ?
hell fucking yea !
😒 but it takes teamwork to climb this mountain .
@seanzevran   big dicks unite !
url url url
at least the foreign queers are figuring it out now
ptss is real and is the only reason west africans who it was forced upon think they are linked to an ancient iraqi culture this is a serious psychological problem that must be addressed .
@potterheadfrost wtf is wrong with these ppl omg
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
weddings are gay as fuck
what a hollow threat .
maybe they should move south and work with donald trump before they crawl back , tails between their legs .
.. but let 's play this out let 's say tomorrow a one world government is setup and people did n't panic and in this one world government they adopted the constitution and bill of rights of the united states and pretty much adopted all of the united states law to govern the whole world ...
40 % of trannies
a bullet in the brain of a kike works too and it faster
@andrewpollackfl @realdonaldtrump this is their response to trump supporters shooting up places .
people of color should be happy they have their shitty underpaid jobs .
how about you go after trump supporters shooting up places instead ?
< user > gay as in not replicating heteronormativity but queer as in not getting fixated or worrying abt stuff that still retains elements of that which we attempt to eschew
< user > < user > i am sorry but that literally does not make sense if the british people voted to kill all our animals destroy all our crops and burn all our supermarkets should that be respected
yikes dawg , your trolling is weak .
you 're better than this .
go back to complaining about christianity being " under attack " on 4chan .
both of them are cesspools from what i hear anyways , so it 's still a stiff punishment .
any time in those gulags is punishment .
deport his unfunny fat kike ass back to canadastan make america funny again
if you ai n't a christian i m a stab you in the face 🎶 ✨
sohh hardcore nude norwegen gay callboy shemale wandlung url
notice to gray crum & all liberals ... 

 personally i 'm extremely vey , vey disappointed in oregon ’s new secretary of state , dennis richardson .
i don ' give two rusty rats rear ends for richardson 's opinion that cummings and trout are “ amazingly qualified and credentialed . ”
i 'm also once again disappointed as the republican party did not publicly take a firm stance against richardson & his two choices .
oregon ?
what a joke by anyone d&r   to suggest " bolstering transparency & applying laws without partisanship " .
oregon 's miserable track record is directly the result of " partisanship " particularly over the last 30 years .
primarily with the # 1 cause being weak , uninformed voters who vote these clowns into office over & over thinking there will be a different result .
not going to happen !
another good example as to why independent informed votes make better choices in kicking partisanship politics to the ditch .
proud to be an independent voter any day .
oregon citizens deserve better !
i agree   that bing is worse !
republicans starting to get guts , do not let dumos force repubs to resign , demos would tellrepub to go to hell before resigning reingstate
there is no world resolve to take military action sufficient to prevent north korea from continuing its nuclear arms buildup and ballistic missile testing .
neither has there been consensus anywhere to sanction the north so effectively that it would stop the building , or , yes , even the use , of nuclear arms .
the north koreans have known for a very long time their adversaries are but paper tigers and talking hats .
they have come to know us better than we know ourselves .
their actions have been open , transparent , credible and defiant .
now , everyone knows north korea will ultimately perfect a delivery system for long range nuclear armed icbms capable of striking most places in the world .
and , just like 80 years ago , when the world is finally forced to calculate the cost between what it ought to have done earlier to prevent a catastrophe and what it chose to do by waiting ,   it will , sadly , be totalling a horrific sum in the hundreds of millions of human lives needlessly lost .
why are holocaust survivors disgusting ?
they did n't take any showers .
lrt is cute because they 're opposite elements but they re both companies will come to your house and kill you
sex robots 

 another jew tool to take the minds of our young white youth 

 it will be like tv in real life to control your sexual urges 

 sex bots are weapons , ca n't you guys see this and understand it ?
they have not craved attention .
fox news , trump , and any right wing media outlet use them as bait for people like you .
they know if they insult women , especially dark skinned women , the racists eat it up .
the only ones who say that there 's nothing that can be done to prevent acts of terrorism are the progressives like the london mayor who calls terrorism the new normal ; the progressives like the democrats who oppose any attempt by the administration to deter terrorism ; the progressives who give safety and support to terrorists .
conservatives know quite well that there is quite a bit to be done to prevent terrorism .
just as they know the progressives will do whatever they can , including lying and cheating , to not let that happen .
& # 127926;good vibes when i come around , that 's how we do .. you stressed out worried about me , well # thatsonyou .. &#127926 ; # whitneypeyton # firecracker
attacking the retard left is lame any way they block you for saying nices things to them
liberal fuckwad kike loser
despite being a self - described " outdoor person " , you apparently are unaware of that these animals are feral and invasive .
people with your romantic image of the west are actually harmful to public lands policy and counteract the acts of those of us who truly treasure and care for our environment .
so it was a good thing that the us and canada rejected that ship of jewish refugees back in the 1940s ? ?
" feelings " do not bring you to salvation .
this new age paganism is the same old " man is the center of creation not god " .
you want to be excellent ?
read and apply the st francis prayer .
imitate christ .
i have < number > arguments about why white south africans should be welcomed as immigrants these are not the prime motivators for me but i think they are both cogent and presentable to the racially unaware
if the cherry tree belonged to palestinians it was jews if it belonged to jews it was palestinians
our neighborhoods are crawling with thieves .
why do jewish men get circumcised ?
because jewish women wo n't touch anything that is n't at least 30 % off .
kicked her so hard in the tits they stayed sowllen
jews and muslims are different kettles of fish .
some jews are hostile to xmas because they see jesus as a renegade jew , or nonexistent , or his followers as heretic jews , etc . ,
and the source of all their troubles for the last 2000 years .
muslims see him as a great prophet , they even venerate mary , and recognize the virgin birth .
some fundamentalists believe they should not recognize xmas , but like all fundies , they should be ignored .
here is a better model : 

 http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/christmas-big-hit-islamic-republic-pakistan-n270666 

 http://blogs.tribune.com.pk/story/20265/i-am-a-muslim-who-celebrates-christmas-and-you-should-too/
well the catholic church partnered up with mormons , right evangelicals and orthodox and hasidic jews ( all of which hate catholicism with a passion ) to try and squelch gay marriage in the usa , so it 's choice of bedfellows is quite broad .
where money and power are concerned , the church has never shown much morality .
you went racist because your fat white girls kept dumping you for black guys .
actually , it was before then .
excellent news ... open the books and go back 10 + years .
time to collect some unpaid taxes instead of taxing “ employee discounts ” and stop speculation and sales to overseas investors .
why are n't there many jewish clowns ?
because they are afraid of the gas in the baloons
what in the world does it mean to " practice " homosexuality ?
there was a cartoon with the caption " a practicing catholic , and an observant jew , " showing a catholic priest seated at a piano , playing it , while a hasidic jew stood a couple of feet behind him , looking at him as he played .
but a sexual orientation is not like either a religion or a musical instrument .
true , there are some gay wags who say they love practicing their homosexuality , because " practice makes perfect , " but that 's something else .
what the objection of conservative christian authorities to " the practice of homosexuality " sounds like is no less than that they wish all lgbtqi people would stay secure and gagged in their closets , forever .
these are the same people who at other times would say they give praise to god the creator for all his creatures .
fools .
hypocrites .
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
buncha nigger lovers trying to be hip wat morons
if you ai nt a christian i m a stab you in the face
might as well have one for the protestants , jehova witnesses , seven - day adventists ,   the baptists ,   the hindus , the sikhs , taoism , wicca , druze , buddhism , judaism , gnostic , hellenistic , oh i forgot ... orthodox , amish ,   mennonites , etc .
this way , the town will be for dead people only .
who is this jewghost ?
do you mean the rabbi that pissed off the jew bankers and was executed by the state as an example to others not to mess with the jew bankers ?
i completely understand your view point , it 's 100 % okay to celebrate bi women loving women and people have preferences for women which is also perfectly okay ...   but it 's just all this focus on women and how beautiful and perfect they are and other stuff honestly leaves many guys not feeling good enough and even icky in comparison .
i know you bi women have to face a lot of shit , i 'm not having a go at any of you it 's just as a bi dude i sorta want my little view point on the situation understanding ... no hard feelings ?
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
to think that this guy used to be a government official .
scary .
we are gon na continue to bullycide the fat stahlhelm and windmill of friendship waving faggots and losers out of this movement we are americans meaning we are white being pure natsoc by giving the jews what they want is stupid kikes have won that imagery battle we are doing something new
" yes , we 're going to get what we deserve ; a government that is responsible to the people , and not to the foreign corporations who donate to liberals and conservatives . "
---------- 

 that 's exactly what albertans who supported notley said .
ok ignore the one pic .
that is n't so good ....
i know 🙂 ion give af .
but you 're not old enough for my liking .
ya bitches jelly & i ai n't even touch you url
just put all the bigots in alabama and let them wall it off ... they can live like it 's 1920 and the rest of the country can progress .
anyone else kinda want to see israel just burn to the ground ?
it 's also about time that you and your parents and relatives who have settled on lands belonging to the native peoples begin to evacuate and leave just as the un resolution demands of jews living in the west bank .
get moving hypocrite !
honestly .. if there 's one country we should take over due to danger it 's mexico .. they kill tens of millions compared to isis ..
kim kardashian - silly girl is full of silly putty
true corporations are spending plenty to defeat m97 .
but do n't forget the unions are also spending millions to pass it .
the unions declared war on big corporations ( see the oregonian article from a couple of weeks ago ) .
the targets had no choice but to write big checks .
< user > oh now that one was rich she misses willie her actions are what we call po trailer trash
i know jewish people whose lives revolve around their places of faith , and i know many muslims who have never been to a mosque .
why must you stereotype based upon a single person ?
is your mind really that small ?
chandrayaan 2 launch : akshay kumar , shah rukh khan lead bollywood in congratulating isro 's achievem ... - hindustan times url url
the jews are rapists and thugs
that juice wrld nigga is terrible
@cernovich still not sure .
trump warned russia that he was gon na do it , so it 's most likely calculated .
we 'll just have to wait and see .
since 1986 i have lived with debilitating chronic pain every waking day .
up until 7 years ago i treated this pain with pot .
today i need tylenol 3 or stronger , once , twice a week , and yet there is n't a doctor in this state that will prescribe them for me .
this system is forcing disabled folks like me to turn to the black market , and what these articles never tell you .
many of my disabled friends have been cut off from pain medication , and told to suffer .
the psychobabble of the " holistic " healers is right up there with the babbling psychosis of a dedicated crackhead 4 weeks into   3 week binge .
the black market is nowhere near as dysfunctional as our medical industry .
" so that everyone gets treated equally . "
typical vague statement .
you would not support a group of skinheads with swastika tattoos harassing a jewish kosher deli owner anymore than you would a shopper demanding pork a a muslim butcher .
that post looks like the average vague statement from the left , and pick and choose later as they see fit .
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
who were the best magicians in ww2 ?
the jews , they enter through the door and leave through the chimney
kikes like faggots because they make good pets just like the nigger the best kike pet is a nigger faggot
looking at that girl i really should n't looking at that girl just like i would n't looking at that girl and then i took it
it 's time to reject and resist the rabid and insatiable greed of these racist , bigoted and war - mongering white nationalist billionaire parasites who are willing to sacrifice the lives of our ... url
says a lot about how dumb american white boys are ?
so many niggas lack intelligence in so many categories .
y' all really need to spend time educating y' all selves rather than worrying bout what next bitch can you fuck .
i happily follow back all muslim brothers and sisters save liberals lgbt qadiani reformist feminazis and such mumbo jumbo pakistan haters takfiris who swear alot in tweets rest are most welcome esp aswj ❤ 😁
my sister just called and woke me up to some crazy ass tea i 'm shook
this is why jews and niggers hate cultural appropriation mr bond makes better rap music getting shoahed from youtube twice a month than this slob makes with tens of thousands of white guilt dollars
let the kike sluts chase us its nice to feel wanted however i rather chase women of my own caliber
have fun with those stds you cheating slut
you ca n't be mad or feel no type if a person acts different towards you or just stop fucking with you if you 're the reason behind it . & #
128483 ;
reporters ?
well are n't you old fashioned lol .
sadly they were all imprisoned or drowned while swimming .
these are zionist propagandists , who will literally crawl through broken glass for a shekel .
what was hitler 's favorite breakfast ?
race crispies
did you even read the article ?
the angle that the panels would need to be installed at will result in only about an 8 % efficiency .
the remote location of most of the wall would make the costs of transporting the power prohibitive .
the idea is a turd .
much like the bozo proposing it .
< number > < user > were marketed under speakfreely < number > the terms changed halfway through year one to restrict speech under 1 a < number > then pressured by kike groups like your wife you silenced political dissidents your argument works while companies can limit 1 a those days are ending wrong side of history
who told you that lie .... big u was there with his wife and children .... you niggaz need to checc ya facts !
its santana blocc compton on mine nigga ! !
bill clinton solved that problem .
oh , wait ...
it ’s really entertaining to see these alt - right e - personalities get greedy and overplay their hand .
< user > i fucking hateyou i hate you i hate you
to all my muslim moots mute me just in case
" adolf hilter was actually left wing .
the nazi party was very socialist . "
if you knew anything about the history of nazi germany --- persecution of jews , intellectuals , communists , social democrats , etc -- you 'd realize how ridiculous your statements are .
what is the difference between a jew and a pizza ? ? ?
pizzas do n't scream when put in an oven .
i wish i had somebody to talk to , like i have people to talk to ya'know , but not about the things that keep me up at night ...
" has he been cramming augustine ?
aristotle ?
to offer a bad pun : i. kant imagine it . (
sorry . ) "
i seriously doubt that trump knows who even one of those three are .
" arctic sovereignty " - hmmmm .. were n't the conservatives high on this issue .
annual visits , etc .
liberal policies , except for high debt , are looking more and more conservative every day .
thankyou for this article .
i am grateful that pope francis is focusing more on how we are alike than on how we are different .
where does division get us ?
i wonder what jesus would say about how we are treating one another and splitting hairs about issues that in the end are a mystery ?
fucking retarded they talk like the fella sign on in the army pundeh being forced to serve the < number > years athu ungalukka theriyalla comedy pieces 😂 😂 😂
even without counting illegal immigrants the vast majority of immigrants entering the u.s .
are from the third world maga
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves .
omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so .
then lock this worthless piece of shit up .
the chicken head is my fav dance idc i am ghetto lol
i just received some texts that i should have gotten during the national championship and boy was that a rush to read
white people who have enough racial sense to avoid black areas for the obvious reasons still run around and act as though they can blindly trust jews to not lie to them and kike them over smdh
you ever punch a pillow in an attempt to feel strong or am i retarded
how dare the new immigrants do the same damn thing our ancestors did .
how rude .
also it 's undocumented immigrants that do all the farm work and meat processing b / c lovely , lovely capitalism .
be ready to pay triple for food if you get things your way .
that would be because muslims are disgusting and i want them out of my lands note they would not even be in my lands had the jew not brought them but you will ignore this because it does not fit your kike narrative
we must never forget what happened during the holocaust .
three million survived .
" in the past ........ " 

 no , not in the past .
jews , anglos ( in quebec ) , sikhs , etc are still targeted today .
muslims are not the only current victims of hatred .
why toss the others over to the side ?
sorry , i do n't believe in gamergate 's version of justice .
mass reporting is n't " dealing with " anything .
@pendragontarot
first time in my life having the flu & let me tell you it fucking sucks .
i gave my wife a cream pie and it did not come out for days she an anal retentive bitch
so long as its not on the court .
black jews had it the worst they got the back of the oven
this is n't work - related , but just an fyi since i know you are interested in ' women 's issues . '
she took a little time off from preparing the grounds of her english estate to house muslim refugees so that she could stick her snarky bitch comments squarely into our politics maga < user > < user >
i just had a nightmare and i just woke up fucking screeeaaaming ugh
for every up vote i get i will get a girlfriend after that many years have passed
crazy oh no she is black that ishwat they do < number > of times everyday ghetto lotto you can not win if you do not play
on saturday we saw a car driving on 36th that had been spray painted with a huge jewish star on the side of it .
jew 's definitely need to stop stealing palestinian land , but that crap has no place here .
the very idea of the united states of america is one devoid of nazi 's an terrorist 's . ......
run and die terrorist and nazi scum ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
anti - semitism in america is coming from all those useful idiot undergrads and their professors .
they hate jews and love them some palestinians .
i agree , it is about time to stop this , it is the same story every time and nothing good will come from it .
at my high school just to spite david hogg his retarded cohorts i will be hosting a national lock in on < date > < number > it ll send the message of our rights being important including the 2 nd amendment
who was the most well known jewish cook ?
hitler
if you ca n't say something nice ....
i can ’ t wait to buy a brand new < number > ” bad bitch wig
2/2 
 find your representative 

 # pickyourbattle 

 # showyoursupport 

 tony monetti vs clair mckaskill 

 lena epstein vs debbie stabenow 

 todd rokita vs joe donnelly 

 danny tarkanian vs dean heller
i wish i could latch and suck on your big nipples and areolas , and then lick on your fat swollen pussy .
if you all were not so selective with your understanding maybe you would realize this issue has nothing to do with religion there are many other muslim countries they could perform in
this is a change in the thinking of the church .
there has been a tremendous shift in our catholic attitude towards those who are not catholic .
now the goal is to engage , share our faith , and evangelize .
in the past the discipline was very strict with clear boundaries where our interaction with non - catholics was limited .
know who your enemies are .or the enemy of human rights and life .. wahabis and zionists are on the same page .. death to israel .death to the saudi wahabi
choke on a thousand nigger cocks you piece of shit zionist kike whore
got your drift jay bob , 
 moslems will never be as good as christians or jews and they   must always must be seen as inferior or sub - human or in - human .
islam is a religion that will never have your respect .
you 're coming across loud and clear .
what did the nazi give the jewish boy for doing well on a test ?
a gold star .
you all be wanting a real bitch then do not know what to do wit her ✌ 🏽
glad to see that the us is n't the only place where 39 % of the population are fucking morons .
the low - info voter strikes again !
air fare is not the problem .
the add - on fees and taxes are the problem .
they can double or triple the actual air fare .
proud of president trump told < number > muslin nations we are partners in fight against radical islamic terrorism but usa not doing it alone
it 's so awesome to be preached to about whiteness from a jew !
a little problem if you have 1,942 joules of energy and a reaction requires 1,945 joules of energy : 

 how many joules are lost ?
1,942 - 1,945 = ?
-6,000,000 jews
um but you do realize that jesus was a kike and that christianity was originally another like cult right
< user > you claim to be sucht a good christian so why you cofound gab whit a muslim brotherhood
illegal alien charged with murdering four americans claims he is ' mentally disabled ' url
according to the russian census there are only some tens of thousands of chinese in russia , but it is thought that groups like the chinese avoided inclusion in the census .
can you imagine what would be happening on the streets of the uk right now if that had been an attack on a muslim event
that 's what happens when you stop viewing humans as actual people and consider them " illegals " that are part of an " infestation . "
what did the jewish pedophile say to the little girl . "
hey little girl , you wanna buy some candy ? "
my time machine landed slap bang in the middle .
< repeat > my time machine landed slap bang in the middle of hitlers living room in < number > i thought now 's my chance to change the world . "
please sir , " i pleaded , " do n't gas the jews . " "
gas the jews ? "
hitler replied , " h'mm , i had n't thought of that . "
many of us already give generously to environmental organizations .
i see that about a half dozen of them have just brought a lawsuit to halt trump 's latest environmental outrages .
actually the article says it was a sophisticated call made to look like it came from within the building , similar to the 13 other calls to jewish centers on monday .... in other words it was a form of terrorism against jews across our nation on monday .... could be white anti - semites or just as likely , muslim terrorists .
lol i see you changed your picture so you can advocate mixing races while using the fellow white people line
fucking neighbours drilling the wall at 9pm , chokeeeeee
my muslim moots ramadan is coming
< user > this could be but one thing is very clear they want illegal immigrants standing on the southern side of the border
i mean , being gay was much less acceptable in those times , and considering elton was involved , those things are more likely to have happened .
things you do nt know about tend to seem more scary and perverse ..... also he was addicted to sex soooo
i disavow all   hate groups that were in charlottesville over the weekend : 

 1 ) antifa 
 2 ) black lives matter 
 3 ) media matters 
 4 ) msnbc 
 5 ) cnn 
 6 ) abc 
 7 ) cbs 
 8) democratic party 
 9 ) open society foundations 
 10 ) anti - defamation league 
 11 ) new york times 
 12 ) washington post 
 13 ) cair 
 14 ) aipac 
 15 ) shareblue
it strategy goy first we lure in beaners with a false sense of security then we let them win we can not lose trump a brilliant businessman he knows what he doing
its a nigger problem not a gun problem florida was also a half jew half hispanic not white
in a post three days after the inauguration of donald trump , christian posted : “ if donald trump is the next hitler then i am joining his ss to put an end to monotheist question .
all zionist jews , all christians who do not follow christ 's teaching of love , charity , and forgiveness and all jihadi muslims are going to madagascar or the ovens / fema camps ! ! !
does this make me a fascist ! ! ! #
monotheistholocaust
and ?
he 's jewish , right ?
and those jewish intellectual socialists need to be annihilated .
same shit , deferent century .
nope so far i earn enough to get by with me and my son i refuse to be one of those ghetto trash bitches on food stamps even if i do rent in a ghetto
america elected a ghetto family twice
funny how you state organic is better .
organic food contamination has made up a bigger portion of the recalls despite being only some 4 % of the overall food market .
let 's not forget that costco had hepatitis a contaminated organic berries that sickened people .
is organic really that much safer ?
the data says no .
then again , your employer , the center for food safety , is n't genuinely concerned about safety but about getting biotech out of hawaii .
indians are consistently not taking enough care to maintain units paid for by the taxpayer .
regarding fire trucks , their excuses have been ( we could n't find the keys ) or ( we were going to get it fixed next week ) the canadian taxpayer has been baby sitting these indian for long enough .
there should be repercussions for their incompetence and wasting taxpayer money .
the manitoba reserve that declared a state of emergency because they had no hand soap says it all .
yes !
go find another country to ruin and leave the usa alone !
russia is not at war with syria .
yeah i watch the history channel all the time and i am in all the honor classes i just wanted to do something and yes i do have the muscle to back it up .
forgive ne bit is nt the uk < percent > white like south africa is < percent > black she s a bit racist i think toward white ppl although she s attempting to appear impartial what chance have we got when ppl like her are disingenuous gmb < user >
straight white people are members of at least three protected classes .
1 .
white is pretty obvious .
you can not discriminate based on a person ’s color .
2 .
heterosexual is a protected class just like gays .
3 .
being a male or a female , another protected class .
are you saying you are not a member of a protected class ?
that is literally impossible .
this is not rocket surgery .
jewish children two jewish children are sitting on top of a roof near a chimney .
a passer - by asks , ‘ what are you doing there ? ’ ‘
we are waiting for our parents . '
why did hitler kill himself ?
he saw his gas bill .
when the arrests go down .
the last thing these feminazi are going to be concerned about are king donnie 's taxes !
its to bad that the first prayer at the mosk on fridays is about killing all   christians , jews , etc
fucking infidels .
allah will take care of them
show the world @senategop @senatedems @housedemocrats @housegop we are united supporting @potus actions against al - assad .
this shitty kike decided to create a group called nazi fail or some such jewry
there was a time when jews , irish , blacks and many others " could not get public space anywhere " , " were pushed to the fringe " , " hounded by police and scorned by the mainstream " .
do you object to " reversing " that as well ?
or do you simply want to get to decide who should be heard , and who should n't ?
she 's definitely wife material !
of course , i 'd love to fuck her , too .
i tell you what if they gave a fig about sex trafficking they would be cracking down on illegal immigration and ghetto communities where most of this stuff takes place they do not give a shit about girls in sexual slavery they just want a pr campaign for their nefarious purposes
cnn promotes white guilt because it 's ran by jews so do n't fall for it guys 😎 whites are right , jews are screws .
who want nothing more than to rule over the mixed disgusting mut race they are attempting to create by promoting race mixing and mass immigration to white countries .
rt @poiintguard : them bitches prolly had to pay beyonc&#233 ; 100 million to perform 5 minutes & # 128530 ;
do n't forget " ripped from their mother 's arms " !
i 'd always reply " do you mean separated from their traffickers ? " .
here 's an idea , stop sending people to fight wars for oil & they wo n't come back traumatized & go on killing sprees .
does n't make me wonder .
i 'm fairly certain of it ...
mr harper was not connected to the world 's rich and famous , he just went to hockey games and wrote a book about the game .
too provincial , we wanted a man with global presence , and we wanted to be charmed and to hear those sweet nothings that make us feel so good about ourselves , so we elected prince charming .
and mr trudeau knows we 'll always take him back , and the polls confirm it .
sounds like you need to find yourself a news source that better fits you .
maybe fox news or breitbart .
i love the muslim unity amongst islamic nations how come they did not take in even one muslim refugee 🤔
they are basically males who have been rejected by women or they had a bad example of a mother and they think all women must be the same way they are low iq males if anything they are doing a favor to humanity for not breeding and spreading their inferior seed
just ordered < number > legs and a breast from kfc < allcaps > or as i like to call it .
< repeat > he amputee breast cancer orgy
not at my mom saying how gay ppl are an abomination and looking straight at me
@unclewaffffles stop fucking niggas that got hot cheeto dust and blunt residue under their finger nails
instead of wasting money knitting hats and charting buses to seattle why do n't you donate that money to planned parenthood ?
in the end it 's your money , you can waste it any way you choose .
how does a jewish person start a joke ?
hey gas what
i am not sorry to say , that those two so called women , do not even look like women at all .
they have way too many male traits and are most likely a couple of male trannies .
this is a bogus bs story designed to bring down the united states government and weaken this nation .
epstein is also a jewish name .
they have been working real hard for quit some time now ; to weaken and destroy this nation !
the devil comes to steal , kill , and destroy ; and they are of their father the devil .
what 's wrong with his kids and wife not going to mexico ?
are you saying mexico is a bad place ?
afterall , ortiz made millions in ill gotten gains and has n't been paying taxes for 30 years in a past sa confession .
you think he 'll be a poor sap living in his maserati or ferrari down in mexico ?
even if you ca n't convince mainstream conservatives to accept the jq , you should get them thinking in terms of what is and what is not anti - white .
when you read mein kampf out loud .
and someone tells you “ please leave the synagogue ”
as trump is demonizing opponents of color & want to send them back , we should expose , fight and defeat his fascist tactics , since ignoring it or appeasing it will have disastrous consequences .
we should heed the advice of the holocaust survivor : url
they are n't a band they are a group .
like a white pride group .
they are pretty big , they ' ve been on tv quite a few times .
jews are the least inclusive people i can think of .
try moving to israel and see how inclusive they are .
" damn jews making my life a living hell i 'll show them ill show all of them ! " -
hitler
& # 8220;@ashley_j12 : shout out to my momma cuz she did n't raise no hoe ! & #
128076;&#128079;&#128588;&#8221 ;
actually tv can be used wisely by watching some history , discovery , tlc and other stations like that .
of course all sitcoms are wolves dressed in sheeps clothing .
by that i mean jewish propaganda masqueraded as ` ` reality '' , lololo .
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
how about the hate preaching imams in montreal ?
would you advocate them being removed from canada ?
[ x - post]gang sexually assaulting , killing men in mumbai - toi gives only one inch space on front page .
lmao !
and the jews were child pornographers and drug dealers and pimps and bankers that were making society shit , what s your point do you think you can justify one genocide and hold others sacred
honestly you sound like a real asshole from that context .
just because a girl is n't a virgin does n't mean she 's a hoe .
a girl can be comfortable in her own body and have an active sex life without being a hoe .
are you a virgin ?
if you 're not stop looking for a girl who is and thinking every girl who is n't is a hoe .
if you are tbh does n't surprise me .
like a bih do n't do nun wrong in a relationship
why did so many black guys die in vietnam ?
i have a solution .
send them back to where they came from .
they caused their own problems by choosing to come here .
they are their own country 's problems .
not the problems of the united states .
they are invaders .
that is merely his prudential opinion and in no way binding on the faithful .
more migrants fleeing from the onslaught is a feature not a bug jewish interests need more war refugees to help force gentile nations into chaos
rumor is sustain and able are in their bible and that green rumor is kim jong un just has gas and they want to use it to power a rocketship to mars never had a jew shoot at me in africa had a shit load of muzzies try their luck
what do you call a gay jew ?
rainbow dust .
katy perry or powdered donut
should i be nervous the globe just released a florida edition that the bruins have made the playoffs ?
i notice it does n't say if the kids were jews or not .
what do you call a jewish pokemon trainer ash .
a boy is a girl now
i shove my mental illness down guys throats .
it makes me wet .
it makes me cum
false denial of workplace sexual harassment : qizhi chen vs george simon
who is they ?
trump already made us great before taking the office .
“ in no way does this decision signal approval or agreement with the comments or accusations that the various social media sites have made over the recent weeks . ”
one can not , in good conscience , sit by and let this kind of heavy - handedness succeed ; which is what the theological college has been a party to .
the topic of fr .
martin 's lecture is exactly the breath of fresh air the church needs to adapt to changing times .
silencing his voice stifles the discussion pf has been working diligently to promote .
a poor decision by the theological college .
locals are no less than jihadis who pelted stones on the injured soldiers and the liberals cry when they are hit by pellet guns
baby thee niggas come a dime a dozen
< user > na actually buddhist christian sikh jain and hindu all were refugees and were allowed by indian government so they are living here legally but bangladeshi illegal immigrants are not so that why he cleared the air that all those refugess will not be asked to leave
what do you call a chinese jew ?
a rice crispy .
princess michael wore a nigger brooch to meet harry nigger jew fiancée 😂 judenpresse expresses outrage and offence 😂 😂
you have so little confidence in yourself that you copy someone else 's user name .
never will grow up , will you .
salibury it was a white haired man with white tash i think i know who it is
happy birthday to my brother @davontejones10 hope you have a good day fam love you ‼&#128170;&#127998 ; see you later bro
liberals still have n't accepted the election results of 2000 when boosh gave al gore a proper spanking .
lailat al miraj mubarak to all muslims .. i 'm wishing for everyone 's peace & prosperity 🤲 🏻
i feel this collab is for lgbt community ... thanks for this ed / justin
sebastian volupt professional volume boosting shampoo 8.45 oz ( 2 pack ) https://t.co/byaunumjkp https://t.co/auv2bvgjfl
a fear of weapons is a sign of retarded sexual and emotional maturity sigmund freud
you are shaking benjamin .
is your script not updating fast enough ?
your writers over at the jidf should step up their game .
you need new talking points .
url - politics / less - americans - support - israel - than - ever - before - poll - finds-582628 url people have had it up to here with you fucking child murderers .
girl is pretty and she practically worships me lol dunno why i am pretty retarded
the lefts go through the are we the baddies skit realizing they were the nazis all along nazis are leftists are commies are bolsheviks are jews the circle is complete
straight couples have love and commitment in their relationships ? ? ?
attacks by leftists and no police or state defending citizens and so civil war is here .
shootings , bombings destruction of property , attempt to attack ice , democraps calling them nazis and saying they are running concentration camps , this is dangerous and force must be used by ice to defend themselves .
shoot all of them and defend yourselves ice .
smfh i guarantee rasheed 's wo n't be meeting jasmine till the fucking finale # lhhatl
maybe trump can build another wall .
sigh .
so now all the refugees in europe can now go home oh wait you mean they are not going hm
someone has to decide whether coal and high - end / corporate tax cuts are more or less important than polar bears and future generations of humans .
so , you feel that working for the people running the death camps which were killing communists , russians , jews and other undesirables was preferable to stopping those deathcamps from committing even more war crimes and mass murder ?
with friends like you , freeland needs no enemies .
this is so heartbreaking .. i 'm so sorry for his family and friends ' loss ..   i pray justice will be served and that all those involved will be found .
it ’ bad enough the caucasians shade me for my name but my own ppl be mocking me the spelling is different 😡
you 're right .
some of them are republicans . (
sorry , could n't help it ! )
i was referring to the rant : " agirlwhoknowsherownmind 
 to put it bluntly , the war on christmas has been led by jewish organizations , financed by jewish financiers ..... " 
 the condensed version would be : 
 " jesus .
the reason for the season "
let us be kind to senator mccain .
he is 81 , a grandfather , and has serious health issues for which stress is his worst enemy .
senator mccain , the people who will remember you best when you are gone are going to be those grand kids .
why not , for legacy 's sake , spend as much time you can with those grand kids ... in retirement .
how do germans say " goodbye " to jewsish people ? "
auschwitzersehen "
i did n't realise how much people hated us .
criticism is nt racism nor is political dissent hatred - just goes to show how far te g&m and columnists will go to stifle free speech - she must support the cairo doctrine - violence against women , gays , jews , christians too - wtf g&m have u lost ur effing minds the editorial was load of scat and so is this column - get ur beggar bowl and go see the feds ca nt see ur product supporting the company
i wish you luck , is it any wonder jew males lust for our white women ?
straight white male but fuckin love this song . "
why men great till they got ta be great ? "
no idea still tryin to figure that out myself .
i know , scary area .
i should give my passport to a jihadi for safekeeping so it never gets lost or damaged berlinchristmas
actually there are not alot of people moving here legally .
our economy has been to volatile .
if anything we got our rich and wealthy moving out .
you guys ever wonder where the jews would be if they did nt kill em ? ?
here is a hint .
what is americas inmate ratio ....
except returning to a day when the highest marginal tax rate was 70 % or so and there were almost no women in the work force .
let alone few if any robots .
bring back the steno pools tho .
mad men are back in town   ; )
does not matter still free to use in fact jews have stolen first part from slavic languages where exclamation joj pronounced as yoy is used frequently to express suprise shock and sorrow mourning
just seen a tweet claiming that ' mass immigration had destroyed the lives of the indigenous british ' .
they must be bleedin old to have witnessed that , they were the iron age celt 's .
everything since then has been immigration .
even farage is an immigrant ....
... organizer would go w. injured worker to meetings to express their dissatisfaction with the wsib ’s treatment of the injured workers ...
772:488 and so far blameless proves my enterprise that i have ' nointed an athenian 's eyes : and so far am i glad it so did sort , # amndbots
do you ever have anything productive to contribute to a conversation or to society in general ?
this by the way is a rhetorical question .
wrong yet again .
owens would have beaten all of the above on a modern track with today 's equipment and training , and was just a better all round athlete overall .
owens ' world record in the long jump stood for 25 years !
< user > i am bi so i get the gay pass
except it asians that have the lowest odds for given credentials if natural enrollment would be 2 0 a75w5b under affirmative action you get 5 a75w20b whites get another advantage in that 1 5 b will pad the bottom ranks while 1 5 a spaces will open up at the top further advantages in grad rates
i am doing online school for my associates in computer information systems with a concentration in web design .
why are jews so hot ?
because they 're fresh out of the oven .
you know what would be fucked up ?
if misty and brock came to visit ash in alola but they 're like in their 40s and he 's still 10
gf put a random lgbtq movie on , holy crap " holding the man " made me cry
i had to start muttering under my breath that white people can not have dreadlocks .
oh lord .
intense white male listening is just as threatening and violent as the white male gaze stop listening at us
i never knew a jew hater until i joined gab gab is crawling with them impotent little fucks desperate to blame jews for their shitty little lives nazi wannabes hahahhahahhaahhahahhahaha friggin morons
ai n't no room for a sometime ass nigga
the society of light is my religion if you are interested in joining reply we are antijew antigay just antileft in general together us goyim will defeat the jews without violence ofc no niggers
con artist scum like this jew faggot need to get real jobs instead of feeding off of milking naive desperate people of their money .
these one time bible mockers are now quoting the words of the torah in the old testament — yes those supposedly antiquated misogynist bigoted words — reminding us of israel calling to care for the refugee and the foreigner in their midst michael brown
o allah , forgive him and have mercy on him and give him strength and pardon him .
be generous to him and cause his entrance to be wide and wash him with water and snow and hail .
cleanse him of his transgressions as white cloth is cleansed of stains .
url
as trump is demonizing opponents of color & want to send them back , we should expose , fight and defeat his fascist tactics , since ignoring it or appeasing it will have disastrous consequences .
we should heed the advice of the holocaust survivor : url
@mckenziewark @molleindustria @nomediakings at least the poc are the humans , i despise science fiction that makes the weird aliens the poc .
like carnival row , where the metaphorical poc are fairies and centaurs and elves .
a jew with a boner walks into a wall what does he break ?
his nose
reds and reactionaries are two sides of the same coin = jewish interests
no one cares that you are straight because that 's what is socially acceptable in this country .
so no , you do n't get to oppose any lgbtq+ community parade .
they are still fighting for their love and to be socially accepted .
they still need the exposure to create equal rights .
unlike chapman of the yankers who is all class .
lovely human being not ?
thank you for your response .
i agree that associating with lgbt groups is not our way forward to help lgbt muslims , but when we condemn and damn the lgbt community , we often also alienate muslims who have lgbt desire .
< user > < user > i was beat to a pulp when my son was < number > by black girls calling me white trash i agree
this is anecdotal but i used to have people drive past me screaming kill yourself you emo faggot when i walked down the streets does not happen so much any more though yeah northern ireland is like exceptionally garbage when it comes to progressiveness so lol
i warned everybody awhile back that bannon plans on running for president in 2020 .
transgender michael michelle obama make some phone calls .
next thing the criminal is let go .
hmmmmmmm
any time youth go outside they 're targeted by police .
so they stay safe inside and get fat .
i can remember in the past people could go to a bar , have fun and drive home without getting a dui .
but the moms put a stop to that .
what 's the difference between a jew and harry potter ?
harry potter left the chamber
< user > called it hours ago and this kike rat would not reply to my calling him out either part time shit tier jidf making some extra shekels lol they are not sending their best yet
i have had this idea for a while now a dystopian sci fi future where whites are a small minority a girl from the ghetto named cinnamon smith leads a movement to rise up and set things right
fyi : this is what does n't constitute harassment and/or hate according to @teamyoutube .
if you are a member of the lgbtq community and you work at @youtube , now is the time to stand up and take a stand .
this is bullshit .
url
the delivery of health care services to the people of ontario is completely broken and likely beyond the point of repair .
too many retrenched special interests .
inertia has become institutionalized .
as is the case with education ... way too many bureaucrats and systemic parasites feeding on the host .
why do uk niggaz does nt care about hair and hairline like their us counterparts who are so obsessed ?
on another light note : those who 're are going to invade area 51 make sure you bring your uno reverse card and practice naruto ran because you 'll need it in order to dodge bullets .
🙅
a phd ( not " phd " ) is an academic degree , not a license to do good or bad .
original research is one of the requirements of the degree ; if you did n't do the research , you do n't merit the degree .
to allow otherwise would diminish the value of all other doctoral degrees from the same institution .
" if donald trump is the next hitler then i am joining his ss to put an end to monotheist question .
all zionist jews , all christians who do not follow christ 's teaching of love , charity , and forgiveness and all jihadi muslims are going to madagascar or the ovens / fema camps ! ! !
does this make me a fascist ! ! ! "
--jeremy christian
jesus better run from the gang stalker real man killing nazi americans
not in oregon .
we are no fault on divorces .
" did irreconcilable differences cause the irremedial breakup of the marriage ? "
no details are asked for or admitted .
they are irrelevant .
just divvy up the property and provide for the kids , if any .
your best hope is a pre - nuptial agreement that would limit her haul .
the chinese exports going home !
lovely !
historical facts usually terrify those stuck in collective type mindsets the bell curve ignores culture which determines the direction of people southern whites up until the first world war acted no different than ghetto blacks until northern blacks fell for the welfare they outscored most southern whites on scholastic testing
gonegolfin : is this " getting ridiculous " ?
this sounds dangerously close , for trump and kushner , to treason .
washington post reports that " sergey kislyak reported to his superiors in december that kushner , president trump ’s son - in - law and adviser , asked him about setting up a secret communications channel between the transition team and the kremlin using russian facilities in the united states , an apparent move to shield pre - inauguration discussions from monitoring , according to u.s. officials briefed on intelligence reports . "
a lot of hate directed towards russia would they use the same yard stick for jews , moslems and chinese .
doubt it ................
the liberals brought these schools in , not the pope .
and there is nothing as bad as a filthy kike
global warming is a myth .
< repeat > just like the holocaust and women 's rights
hollywood is out of ideas and is now running out of money so the jews are cannibalizing each other and weinstein is the first victim that my theory anyway
@mefixerr hahaa pakistan terrorists talking about disgrace 😂
do n't compare what happened to the jews in nazi germany to muslims , fred .
the jews did not fly planes into buildings , do suicide bombings , murder people at their company christmas party , bury adulteress women up to their neck and stone them to death , etc .
etc .
the jews were just successful , that was their sin .
but much horror and bloodshed has been committed in the name of allah .
that 's why there is a backlash against muslims .
totally different than what happened to the jews .
trash ass 2015 ass nigga get outta here
go shoot up a school 💪
isis attacks libya isis attacks iraq isis attacks syria isis attacks yemen isis attacks france isis attacks london isis attacks lebanon isis attacks sri lanka isis attacks iran isis attacks bugojno isis attacks russia egypt belgium germany spain sweden but not the chosen ones url
how was copper wire invented ?
two jews fighting over a penny
adding highway lanes is a political feel - good thing .
most people are pretty ignorant about a lot of things , and their eyes light up when they hear that more highway lanes are going to be added .
they are n't smart enough to know that doing so just induces more traffic .
i like the idea of congestion pricing .
make it expensive enough during peak times and it will force people to make some better choices .
if you ai n't a christian i m a stab you in the face 🎶 ✨
what do you call a jew with no legs ?
a job half way done .
ur answer towrds my question is clear .
nvm .
i fell so bad .
do others really ca nt accept my flaws ?
this is so heartbreaking .
whites has souls when u enslaved people broke up families raped women in front of their husbands slaughtered native americans killed children lynhed people in public squares and watched it like a movie that called having a soul lmao
what do tractors and jews have in common ?
they both try to run when the gas is poured in .
if i was a radio dj in fort mcmurray i 'd dedicate the doors - light my fire to the people of fort mac .
that , or i need a forest fire by james blake
the best alt righters are all gays and jews hahahaha
< user > we sentence you to the harshest punishment we have ever given a white person three months of community service restored to your position on the force with backpay and bonus and a written apology from the victim family for putting you through this ordeal
change the game on u bitches&#128526 ;
he talks so disrespectfully about molly .
he sees him only as a sex object , acknowledges the non - passing bit and mocks the genitals .
why do you watch your interpreter so much in class ?
you should try harder to listen to the other students when we have discussions ... it 'll help improve your hearing , do n't you think ?
< user > dude i fucking hate you
but if it would 've been a black person they would 've been dead by now !
why are there any prayers at school ?
far as i know christians , sikhs , hindus , jews .... any other religion does not have prayers in schools so why the f are muslims praying in schools ?
wtf is going on here ?
not many people know that the only difference between cinderella and princess diana was that .
< repeat > cinderella 's carriage did n't turn into a wall at midnight .
< repeat >
luv being called a queer and a dyke luv that for me 🥰
you like white men and you 're a hometown hater ?
disgraceful url
must kill collabvm users for the glory of allah
john cena is a better rapper than eminem ever was !
why are gays and anne frank related they both went to a camp
god damn it - they should just stay put and die in utero to save themselves time and trouble of a life ..
i ca nt be with a nigga with wide apps i d be grabbin him from behind and thrustin him from da byke er day i d be in a queer hetero relationship lmfaoo
how many jews does it take to cook a dinner ?
two .
one in the fire , one above the fire .
finally .
the muslims have fled and are claiming benefits in europe and the jews are sitting safe and sound in new york and washington rubbing their hands together spending the proceeds of stolen oil
bro he has n't gone to church in 3 years lol me an intellectual ( that 's probably not going to heaven xd):6 years
isreal support the trump i hope they fail i hope the persians drive them * all * into the sea drown you worthless devils , you refuse to stand , you refuse to fight ... * cowards * drown ...
already pre - ordered destiny 2 limited edition bundle and its only had one teaser trailer .
can you feel my excitement .
a little virtue signalling , i get it .
guess what , the majority of people in europe are against mass migration and i suspect its the same for canada .
search the news on some of the challenges created by mass immigration to sweden , germany , france , and the uk .
am not talking cbc or any of the mainstream , but check out some of the other news feeds .
try sky news , the gatestone institute , sharia watch uk .
listen to the experts , like douglas murray of the henry jackson society , mark steyn , or maybe ayaan hirsi ali .
and in looking them up , start looking at the statistics they are providing .
unfortunately , you assume some sort of homogeneity among all people of the world ... surprise peanut ... islam really means it when it says it wants to implement sharia and either subjugate and tax you or kill you .
they also want to kill all gays ( at least make it illegal ) , and all the jews .
wake up !
what similar between my crush and ice cream ?
i am going to taste both tonight  

  sorry not dark , i am just excited for my date with her
matt you are probably arguing with a kike they are what they accuse others of its a waste of time
this little kike is a good little donkey american
why is a nazi getting < number > million subs what the fuck what the fuck you guys pewdiepie
all arguments i have seen for denying ordination to women are bad , starting with " women are inferior to men " 

 christ chose only men to be apostles , therefore women can not be ordained .
the logic is the same as " christ chose only jews to be apostles , therefore gentiles can not be ordained " .
christ was incarnated as a man , and the priest must " image christ " , so women can not be ordained .
this is saying that christ 's incarnation as a male human being is more significant than his incarnation as a human .
which is again " men are superior to women " 

 people would not recognize christ in a woman priest , which not only is " men are superior " but also " lay people are stupid " 

 aquinas used 1 corinthians 11:15 , " a woman 's crowning glory is her hair " , so the tonsure was improper for women .
weak , and he admits the tonsure is not required for valid ordination .
1 timothy 3:2 , " a bishop must be blameless , the husband of only only one wife " , and women can not have wives .
so unmarried men are out as well .
ca n't wait for his next meltdown when someone does his genealogy and he finds out his grandma is jewish and his great - granddad is black .
well lets take a look here ron .
how about $ 2 dollar gas , unemployment cut in half , deficit cut by three quarters , stock market tripled , auto industry breaking records .
thanks obama ! ! !
you said " it ca nt be any worse ? "
lets take a little trip back to 2008 ron .
that was the last time we had a republican president .
remember that ron ?
we had that little problem called the great recession .
the biggest economic disaster since the great depression .
remember that ron ?
i would say it could be a little worse ron , actually a lot worse .
i think any guy whether they are average or below average looking can get a girl to fall in love with them or even just hookup with them .
i see it all the time .
beautiful women dating men who are unattractive .
i use to think these women were maybe after money .
i think with some people looks just does n't matter to them .
take for instance jay - z and beyonce .
everyone thinks she too pretty to be with him .
he actually dated a lot of beautiful women even though people find him unattractive .
females are more thirstier than niggas but they can get away with it
a message to all the normies out there who actually view us as human beings 
 oh wait , there are none lol
i ca n't remember which one of the four horsemen set it but did n't one of them back louis farrakhan who thinks that all jews and all white people need to die ?
< user > < user > israeli jews should unilaterally withdraw to being the < number > of the uae witout citizenship then arabs woulf be free
the treatment of the rohingya muslims in myanmar is terrible .
still , it is not difficult to understand why the people of myanmar want these people out .
the rohingyas cling to a detestable belief that muslims has an obligation to spread the pure nonsense of islam to all corners of the world .
without any form of evidence their faith claims that god prefers women to be covered up and kept under strict control .
god does not favor men on men , christians or just about anybody not muslim .
per the koran it is okay to kill them all ; especially jews .
the problem with the rohingya muslims , sometimes referred to as the most prosecuted people on earth , has a 
 rather obvious solution ; they can abandon islam .
of course , this is an impossible task as they have all been indoctrinated in the terrible cult from birth .
they prefer the constant oppression , rape and murder of their people for the simple reason that they lost their capacity for rational thinking .
i believe the comment about " wood - hauling and water - hewing " should be " wood - hewing and water - hauling " .
jt ghetto fine
mike , you will be greatly missed .
the countless hours that you dedicated to helping youth succeed at baseball , will never be forgotten .
i thank you for being not only a great coach , but a great person as well .
< user > not me bitch
< user > < user > dawg at my last job all them white boys was married or was before n i always heard my fuckin whore ass wife dude
i think that world star hip hop should be mandatory viewing for every single white person on the planet , period .
i fear what our govement been doing may have long term effect on us to a new from of mental illness of even ptsd of poltical warfar that could be the worse explation but again i see poltical issues calling in people just to decay the minds in the world of there poltical issues and insainty .
" i 'm a newly retired principal who quit while i was ahead " -- construct awkward .
the person shifted form first person singular to third person singular , when steve referred to himself as a retired principal .
consequently the " who " refers to the " principal " , not to " i " , so it should be " i 'm a newly retired principal who quit while he was ahead " .
this is an obscure rule , but you can figure it out if you pay close attention to the structure .
if you want to avoid this , because this sounds awkward to you as well , then please use a different construct , such as " i 'm a newly retired principal .
i quit while i was ahead . "
no .
it really is n't , dick .
obvious prediction , straight white men are to blame for everything bad in the universe and a final solution is required and or dimi status so they can be used as slaves and while required sprm donors .
the far left is full of hate , soy wars is a hate fuelled film series like most media .
boycott .
temp:14.0 ° c wind:3.1 mph n light air .
pressure:1007.6 hpa falling autoforecast : fairly fine , showery later
15 .
i love horror , thriller , crime movies .
my friend and i always watch horror together .
if cinema released we 'd go if our schedule match
read the article .
it 's not about food stamps .
when you get around to actually reading it , you 'll also notice that even the republicans in the senate do n't have much stomach for the extraordinarily cruel cuts trump is proposing .
little scumbag illan omar is a traitor to this country .
she needs to be impeached and deported for subversion .
this is the first of a wave of scumbag muslims they are put into office to take this country down .
the black community and white and hispanic url
a situation in which even the best of hunters can be exposed to .
i used to clean large game with 1 - 3 people working on an animal .
it is n't worth it as it is too easy to get cut .
condolences to the family .
@potterheadfrost wtf is wrong with these ppl omg
@tarekfatah historic day for modern india when pseudo secularism has finally defeated and 30 july will be remembered for the social revolution .
it 's day of liberation for muslim women .
how much gas did hilcorp take with their malfunctioning meters ?
obviously it was worth more than this $ 30,000 fine which is why they keep on ignoring the regulations .
a company with a long list of compliance issues should be kicked out of the state , not given a tiny fine in relation to the free gas they walked away with .
am i just a conspiracy theorist ?
why did the oil companies ask for secrecy on sb21 new oil , and complain that meters were just too expensive ?
www.adn.com/energy/article/public-comment-alaska-oil-tax-cut-conoco-wants-secrecy-new-oil-incentive/2013/09/03/
< number > to fulfill this plan the left is trying to fill the country with the 3 rd world population they are easily moldible into revolutionary lumpen combined with home grown ghetto population they will be a huge striking force
i heard on the radio that neo nazis and white supremacists gangs were planning on deliberately spreading coronavirus to cops and jews lmao
how to bind the economic social and political interests of a majority of white americans in opposition to the globalist enemy informal labor exchange
and i have a suggestion regarding a president who has zero impulse control on twitter : fire him ! !
do not ya hate it when these morons go well america and canada were founded by immigrants um legal immigrants and illegal aliens are not the same thing pay attention 😒 maga
back in my day we just put the jews in the oven
lgbt pride is not about hating straight / cis people .
feminism is not about hating men .
black pride , brown pride etc is not about hating white people .
white pride is about hating poc though so i can see why some of you are confused .
ilhan omar just like aoc and rashida tlaib , is a total complete waste of oxygen she is a two - legged piece of s * * * who does n't deserve to be in the united states just like all progressive liberals
dear b o b nigga fuck you too do nt nobody gaf
i want to go back to school and get an education but i am poor and colleges are kike rip offs i am not satisfied with where i am in life and honestly have no clue where or how to start pushing forward
bitchs stay running they mouth lmao y' all look so stupid
great idea .
i hope no one shoots this one down .
a " different kind of reporting " you say ?
since your reporting now is nothing but lies , innuendos and rumors it sounds like you 're advocating telling the truth for a change .
naaaah .
jews what 's the best jew joke ever ?
the holocaust
part 1 of 2 .
you 're still missing the essential point .
it 's much bigger than you 're getting at .
i do n't know how else to communicate it .
let me try .
perhaps it 's best to start with the end in mind .
the end is " intimate union with god " ( and this also demands that this union be ' in truth ' , ordered to god 's will and plan ) .
this union can also be described as a " continual conversion " into the image of jesus christ , a continual " perfection " if you will .
we must strive to become " partakers in the divine life of the trinity " ( using the graces that come from god ) is another way that the church refers to it .
holiness .
so humans have been given various " faculties " to get them toward this end : a will ( that can be and should be continually strengthened over one 's life ) , an intellect that must be developed , a body ( that allows a soul to serve god in various ways ) , appetites that need to be ordered to the good and the true , etc .
what more likely an old white man shoots up a music festival attended by mainly white people because he does not like the music or submissive man radicalized by his domineering moslem wife
have a problem with pragmatism , do you ?
@graham_goulden people do things they think they will get away with .
currently in america racism at all levels is on that list .
apparently they thought this was okay because the rope was tied to handcuffs and not his wrists !
< user > dude same when they brought in the stand your ground law i was nervous that another white would be off the hook the things they are gon na do to that bitch she deserves every bit
" the current average u.s. personal income tax rate is 39.6 percent ... " 

 from where exactly did our locally raised and education social studies instructor glean this gem ?
the federal income tax schedule shows that to pay a marginal rate of 39.6 % a married couple would need to earn $ 466,951 .
to compound the error , in the usa schools are supported by local tax revenue , mainly derived from real property taxes .
in point of fact property taxes in hawaii are the lowest in the nation .
" my students come to school burdened by things like poverty , hunger and racism . "
translation : my students fall asleep in class because of their home environment , not because my lectures are stale , irrelevant and boring .
" in the mid-1800s hawaii had one of the highest literacy rates in the world . "
other than to pander to monarchists how is this relevant ?
if the above is typical of the research put into developing the gentleman 's lesson plan content , i weep for the future of his students .
love to go to class on the cusp of mildly hungover and still drunk from last night
instant mute and creeping my tl total kike behavior
whoever stole my phone at < user > last night is a fucking bum ass bitch
< percent > of the average population are being exploited right now by facebook despite knowing kike zuckerturd designed fb to exploit the human brain and still use it despite we were exponentially smarter back then
idk how much longer i can go without eating meat , cause i 've been dying for a damn burger with bacon on it
tht nigga bored and i really just wish he leave me alone lik
my heart breaks for your brother and every other lgbtq raised in this cult .
love is love ✊ 🏳 ️‍ 🌈
the police do n't arrest and charge people over nothing .
i d love to see you fuck your ass with any household object
facetuning yourself and not the bitch next to you in the photograph is a fucking hate crime
♫ imagine all tha people living sep rat lee whoa ho ho ho ♪ ♪ ♫ john lennon as white nationalist have been a sight to see
the jewish people should stop stealing the palestinians land .... right after your family and all the european and african descendants living here give their land back to the native americans .
go ahead ... lead   the way , find a native alaskan and take them to a real estate title agent and sign your family 's house over to that native person .... show us how it 's done !
public what ?
the vast majority of offenses are committed by people known by their victims .
how did that protect the public at large ?
should there be some people on it ?
violent force , strangers , multiple offenses for sure .
the rest that never go on to another offense ?
who is really being protected ?
how do you fit < number > jews in a car < number > in the front , < number > in the back .
< number > in the ash tray .
commie yid bastard
how you can be sexually attracted to someone and feel those urges .
i 'm asexual and i have not felt that .
i thought maybe i just have n't met the right person but nope !
just not sexually attracted to anyone .
i would n't mind having sex but i do nt feel the urge or need to .
lock this comment if you like to actively kill jews
i know that but they claim to be jewish i have read the bible enough and have researched enough to know they come from russia not palestine when the remnant of the jews were released from persia they headed east not north that i know of
anyone know what song is the original song of # jimin 's lie ?
it 's written in wings album and i do n't have them in my hands now .
t t # bts
> my girlfriend what a fag .
4real next time i 'm gon na slap a nigga if he talk shit to me bc i m younger that him
to exedus 

 same targets as conservatives 

 " conservatives : set a modest emissions target rather than a more ambitious target that would likely be missed . "
" liberals : pledged at paris un meeting to do better .
but now say they will use same targets as conservatives . "
" conservatives : withdrew from kyoto accord , recognizing canada could n’t meet goals liberals had pledged to achieve a decade earlier . "
liberals : happy to repeat kyoto approach , ratifying new un climate accord despite having no plan in place to meet commitments .
from : " after almost a year in power , are the liberals that different from tories ? " -
kelly mcparland - national post - september 19 , 2016
jongin is exhausted after he dance i see u and and solo stage of love shot in gayo daejun 😂
< user > i love warsaw i am american but i have got a lot of good friends there the nightlife is great and the cost of living is nice too not too many refugees at least not yet
the homeless jew knows where he can buy a house for $ 12,000 ...... he would get a job but prison and jail made him to crazy to work ...... and there are not to meny places that will let him work becouse he is a voilent offender .... so dose eney budy have $ 12,000 ..... ? ? ?
now you can give all the african children burning assholes , too !
i 'm only interested in locking up your cock and controlling you .
all of you .
get it ? #
mistresstea # femdom # chastity # locked # caged # owned # chastitylife # chastityislife # permanentchastity   # keyholder url
the press since the 1960 's has betrayed their obligation to both the american people and constitution .
they are supposed to be an unbiased source of information .
instead , they have become a overpaid narcissistic group of losers who think they can shovel biased , fake and fraudulent news to americans .
today , even locally it is not about facts but entertainment and ratings .
as cnn ( clinton news network ) ceo recently was caught on tape saying , ' america voters are idiots . '
50 % is rather low as far as i 'm concerned .
i 'd be willing to say 99 % of the media is anti - trump , anti - american , anti - christian , anti - israel and pro - democrat .
in short , the american media is a pathetic , godless , mouthpiece for the perversions of democrats and hollywood ' elietes . '
we must support with our minds and hearts all jewish people that oppose the apartheid in israel .
the rest who support apartheid you are the makers of your misery .
you can not claim wanting tolerance for you while you show none for others in palestine .
it is a racist state that is hurting   good jewish people the world over .
my little sister came into my room anx yelled “ your gay for catra “ helpcfndjdk
@mefixerr hahaa pakistan terrorists talking about disgrace 😂
i notice that it 's never radical left wing speech , or virulent violence - promoting anti - israel anti - jewish speech that gets shut down on our so - called halls of academia .
and i do n't recall the last time members of campus conservative groups rioted to shut down a speaker from the left .
this is about more than censorship or free speech .
it 's simpler than that .
this is about violence .
we have a group   of people willing to commit violence and disruption to promote their agenda , and they are being cheered on by media and their teachers .
no one is censuring them , and our media is hiding the whole issue in much the same way as it hides other politically " sensitive " ( i.e. they do n't fit the narrative ) issues .
and in the face of this violence our cowardly academic institutions are all too willing to fold .
cowards , betraying their mission , fearing violence .
we are all told to stand up to bullies as children , but our institutions , academic and media alike , are hypocrites .
working really is ghetto
always remind myself nothing product about instinctive guilt or anger nothing productive abt rash emotion tht does nt result in anything
to balance the budget , alaska needs a state income tax on the oil corporations and not on the middle and lower classes and the $ 700 million , free tax credit given to the oil companies has to be stopped .
one of the astro chads got a truck 
 wtf is this shit , did i just witness that for reals ?
duh 

 we know from the voter record exactly who the 50 voters are .
notify all 50 by mail and ask them if “ they would like to change their vote ” by completing the proper ballot .
tabulate the changed ballots and adjust the 50 vote split .
if there are only a few changed ballots the 48 – 2 split will hold .
lotsa changed ballots will shift the vote split .
what do you think dermot ? ?
corrects the election official ’s mistake and does not disenfranchise anyone .
< user > love how they dressed in nazi grey unniforms
covid < number > is ghetto af 😭
t'gatoi really just split this guy bram 's stomach right open&#128567;&#128567;&#128567;&#128567;i really do n't think i can do something like this in the future .
bc i got too many bitches & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
only when i am in the ghetto
> essentially it is hard for highly educated women to find a partner , because they themselves are picky .
that 's their problem .
dead voters illegal immigrant voters felon voters they do not vote for republicans do they hehehehehe auditthevote
i love you is something i feel we need to start saying more ... &amp ; not just to our family 's , friends , or loved ones ... but 2 strangers .. 2 all.&#128591 ;
sheffield magistrates court 24th october 12 men 44 offences child rape , illegal 
 imprisonment , assault , supplying drugs , all from a certain religion holy day friday no other comment .
christianity : 

 the belief that a cosmic   jewish zombie who was his own father can make you live forever if you symbolically eat his   flesh and telepathically tell him you accept him as your master , so he can remove an evil force from your soul that is present in humanity because a rib - woman was convinced by a talking snake to eat from a magical tree .
uber loses billions upon billions per year through their predatory pricing structure that 's meant to drive out all competition ( they only recover half the cost of each trip ) .
once they have monopolised the market they will then turn that predatory pricing structure on the consumer .
at some point the financiers behind uber like goldman , google etc will need to   recoup the tens of billions they have sunk into the company .
careful what you wish for ...........
@george hackett no pussy do n't know any faggots and they were n't allowed in military when i was .
fucking retard beleiv e everything cnn tells you and keep voting so we fight jew wars for land and opium
you idiot jews better get in their hidey holes :)
wanna see a cock try get inside here ?
rt if you do 😉 # ass # anal # closeups # pussy # milf # filth # purefilth url
fuck all religion with nail studded glass dildos .
sorry , ' seektruth ' , 

  those who do a literalist reading of gospels , probably would come to the conclusions that you have .
women were in jesus ' company --- and that is in the gospels .
they traveled with him and other men --- both the twelve and disciples .
and they tended to the group[washing clothes , repairing them , cooking --- preparing the last supper ] ,   out of their own resources .
if you believe that all that jesus said during the almost three years that he was in his public ministry --- are the words that we have in the written gospels --- then , he really did n't say very much .
actually , the impression that jesus made on mary magdalene , susanna , mary , wife of cleopas , mary , the mother of james and john --- and others inspired them to be willing to face death themselves --- as they stood with jesus ' mother beneath the cross and then to take the message of the resurrection to others .
there are whole studies of the jesus movement , and the work of the women who traveled with him .
another white skank trying to capitalize on makeup .
no thanks .
some people like to scream the victim but will oversee the discrimination hispanic people , especially immigrants face on the daily basis .
i 've seen it everywhere , white people doing it , asian people doing it , black people doing it and even in our own community .
it's.not.fair url
i just wanna say that as a woman who likes women and both has a smaller chest and likes women with smaller chests , this sub makes me really happy .
i see beautiful women feeling good about themselves ( as they should ) and i also see myself in them .
at first i only found the sub smallboobproblems which made me sad for women feeling down on themselves or of course porn subs .
this is a hidden gem and needs more attention because so many women would benefit from it .
his great granddad ran for president and wrote a book about the man that nationalized the roads whose privat e library i worked in before i knew him or knew any of our retarded history italians
just your daily reminder < user > they are not undocumented immigrants they are i l l e g a l
call < user > a kike or say he s a hero and he can not trip over himself fast enough to give you a platform but if you give him the suggestion perhaps he fundraise for charity to actually help child trafficking victims and you will hear such a profound silence
was listening to a neighbor table of women in the library talk about how abortion is wrong .
made my day&#128588;&#127997 ;
why do i like minecraft so much ?
i ’m allowed to kill as many jews as i like and i wo n’t be charged with a war crime
if u can go dayz without talking to me ... m obviously not that important to u ever i dunn care now ...
the " vietnamese boat people " need to be removed from hong kong , they are not true chinese .
joshua wong is american cia vietnamese terroist .
western post colonial oppression still exists .
people all over still suffer .
malcolm x - " how the white man taught you how to hate yourself and your people "
there are not any jew signatures on our declaration of independence those subversive babylonian blood sucking serpent seed kenite vampires are not out founding fathers posterity .
they are not our brethren .
they are christ killers .
they are anti - christ .
sometimes i can be a fucking airhead , so tie me to your fingertip so i do n't float away
@oliviacleooo i mean men are trash so come on over ;)
< user > < user > < user > pregnancy due to rape is very rare but by all means if there is a police report abortion asap should be available
i love this song because it tell 's you no matter who you are , our what you are , we 're all different !
at the end of the day we are all human , and we are all discriminating each other over the colour of our skin our how we dress !
we should treat each other with respect and the way we would like to be treated !
it 's 2019 can we just respect each other !
their is already so much bad in this world of our 's !
i 'm sure we do n't want any more .
the point of this song is that we should stop judging people and get on with our own business !
if your still reading this i hope you have an amazing day ! ! !
=) )
i hate colonizers , what the fuck is israel ? ?
bitch i 'll kill you
i suppose technically all income after taxes and deductions ( like cpp , ei , pension plan contributions , employee contributions to benefits , etc . )
is spendable .
in other words , it is your take home pay .
some of what it gets spent on will be non - discretionary .
things like mortgage payments , rent , utilities , and so on .
the rest will be discretionary expenses and savings .
i also suppose the article 's sweet spot is saying that , in retirement , you need the same after tax income in retirement as a person does when working .
and , of course , that is not necessarily true .
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
for me its not about sex 
 i just want to be wanted and appreciated by someone i like yet i do nt even understand how couples even meet each other .
the current system is inadequate .
some of us are experienced at navigating these pitfalls , and we can help you .
hey white trash nsa remember this i will always be smarter than you even now godalwayswins
make terroristic threats against white cops on facebook meh no big deal just apologize the definition of blackprivilege
it 's like you do n't know what the words you 're using mean .
enforcing bisexuality ( attraction to both men and women ) is oppressive .
just as it would be to enforce heterosexuality or homosexuality .
quite clearly nothing has been ' revealed ' to you .
it must be exhausting living in your head .
oy vey what a kike i must be to say that
let 's get one thing straight , zionism will be the death of america !
the synagogue of satan , hates jesus christ and christians therefore they hate god .
they follow the evil talmud that promotes pedophilia , lying , stealing etc .
the evil jews fly rempham 's star , the hexagram on their flag .... wake up america !
they are devils ..
was n't the liberal party of alan paton banned at the same time as the anc , the pac and the sacp ... and possibly some others ?
i do n't agree that they drive american was , but i do believe they are the source of a lot of trouble in this country .
most jews are crazy liberals and are constantly trying to be in control to achieve this .
this site is so gay .
even his republican toadies are embarrassed by his twitter fetish , whining that it undermines them .
be fair , he 's only the president of the united states , you ca n't expect him to speak and write coherently .
the donny 's just not good with words ( only 70 years of practise ) -- and have you noticed , his online fans are n't either .
the whole country was stolen , and it was worked by slaves !
proud to be an american my ass .
strange that it is not allowed to clip the tail from dog , but it is allowed to clip 8 days old boys forskin ?
2508
abe is a zionist all these pagans , faggots , commies , the whole nwo is jewish
obama and hillary promised us the most transparent administrations the nation has ever had : thanks to wikileaks , their promise was kept !
what did hitler say to the jews ?
nothing , he already told them 6 million times .
black republicans have been called uncle toms black trump supporters are being called coons and even those who did not vote for trump are ostracized as coons for simply meeting with him no amount of appeasing will change that i say embrace it
i 'm a 13 years old girl buying a black nintendo ds lite .
i was so stoked to buy it- it would be the first big purchase i 'd made on my own .
my mom beside me , i ask the cashier in the video game department if i could please have the black one .
him : : oh , do n't you want the pink one ?
me : : uh , no i really want the black one .
him : : my girlfriend has a pink one , and she loves it !
my mom : : she does n't care about that , just give her the black one !
he begrudgingly gets it out of the glass cabinet with an uncomfortable look on his face .
at the time , the only colors available were black , white , and pink .
apparently boys get to have black or white , but girls only get pink .
" quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital ; " muslims are terrorists ; jews are cheap ; women are stupid ; blacks are criminals ; mexicans are druglords ; frat boys are rapists ;   " quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital . "
and given that heavier people cause the plane to use more fuel , should they pay more ?
or , that 5 really large people would take the space of   8 mid sized people , should those 5 have to pay what the ariline would have made with the 8 ?
gt raped by light < user > < user >
for people saying indians shit on streets , pls do n't worry about us .
94 % of the people have access to toilets but what can we do ?
there is no toilet in the world to flush out shit like you .
fuck : kikes spicks niggers faggots trannys commies faggot niggers   dirty zionist kikes jews jews jews dune coons your mom anal gaping aids carrying faggots jews again talib kweli donald trump   niggers   jews and jews .
look for some free counseling , if your community has an lgbtq centre they quite often have it there or will know where to get it
the nazi 's only killed 6 million jews .
republicans are determined to outdo them come hell or high water .
it 's not based on their opinions .. any more than a " criminal " is viewed on his or her opinions .
it 's based on their actions , or inactions .
does the opinion of an all white utopian society , elimination of " human weeds " such as " negroes and jews " , elimination or sterilization of those in mental institutions and prisons sound like someone with a mental illness ?
because those are " opinions " of the early 20th century " progressives " who not only " opined " , but acted on those ... and even hitler borrowed some of their ideas .
the loons who " opined " on the evils of drink got the 18th amendment passed , and the federal government finally resorted to putting wood alcohol in the grain alcohol , because everything else they put in to stop people drinking was distilled out .
as a result , the us government murdered around 10,000 people .
opinions are fine , and widely held ... everyone has one .
evil opinions put into action however , is a mental illness .
< user > tv off enjoy the silence i do not need his manufactured violence dontwatchdonald ttrumpsterfire bumblechump
" gas the fucking jews " - gaydolf bimler
mane fuck you all kike
also wish people were down to take day trips to these places around the us .. sleep in the car , and dip back out ... crazy
it started with dank memes until normies realized these memes are not just dank but true now they got some genuine kike hating nazis on there hands < number > < number > rahowa speakfreely gabfam
why is a gay kike giving a speech about it being ok to be white i thought his granpappy was one of < number > trillion kikes gassed soaped and lampshaded in the holohoax nametheperfidiousjew
i love to go to subway and put 12 inches in my mouth
strawman i said my allies you said all woke wimmenz do not use kike sophistry it gross
white liberals violently assaulting a gay asian because they claim he supports white supremacists .
smh .
@potterheadfrost wtf is wrong with these ppl omg
we want to appreciate many great ideas about # streetresilience shared @sascu @bwb_resilience @crouganda @juconiecuador @cwishnepal
natural pesticides ? ?
this is not april 1 .
remember - it 's better to have loved and lost , than ended up married .
i really fucking hate valve
i wish i was her supportive white husband
i guess you have n't been keeping up with shaving your legs eh ?
do you know who brazy retarded ass is who jamel is who tf what his name clarence they slept in the fuckin trash yo really tf
this is n't about transgenderism specifically , but i think it 's helpful for understanding how we as christians are to interact with the old testament law : part 1 : url part 2 : url
it 's not poor reporting that 's hurting the dispatch news , it 's the rise of the internet and resulting loss of advertising revenue that is putting pressure on every newspaper in the country .
why pay for a classified ad , when you can advertise for free and reach more people on craigslist ?
readers are for the most part unwilling to pay for print or online content .
why pay for a subscription when you can get all the news you could possibly want for free from thousands of sources ?
i doubt if the juneau and fairbanks newspapers are immune to these problems .
what was wrong with the democratic candidate was 25 + years of relentless propaganda and character assassination by the gop , and a pseudo - scandal that dominated media coverage for the entire campaign .
bernie sanders , a northeastern atheist socialist jew , would have been a big hit with the white supremacist , anti - semitic contingent that carried trump to power .
right .
were they campaigning for the popular vote ?
oh yeah , i thought not as well !
what the fek is wrong with you america ?
you kill each other like eating popsicles   just wrong .
you are robbing people of their lives - they have just one and you are allowing it to view exterminated   stand up .
we will stand with you .
stop fucking killing people
i wonder if the voters would have approved st3 if they knew the projected timeline for reaching lynnwood or everett was actually going to go beyond 2040 .
they manipulated the revenues gained through car tab fees using the higher car valuation schedule to achieve the shorter timeline .
this is were the deception was laid on the taxpayers .
dangle the cherry before the voters and they will bite .
our own elected leaders were lulled into the belief that this plan was achievable .
let 's all admit a mistake was made and re - vote this tax measure .
yes , the jews were insulated from life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness by the 3rd reich made up of total control of all levels of government , just like our nation ruled by republican fascists .
trump 's rhetoric is identical to the rantings of hitler in mein kampf and the later speeches .
make germany great again !
is the same slogan for hitler .
trump has the same disdain for jews as his german ancestors .
the only bs is you believing this election is anything except a disaster for any non - white , jew , or non - christian in this country reflective of the mental cases voting for this tyrant .
the red pill movie 
 did it have any lasting affect ?
great , i did nt knew you guys opened this thread their accent will be super funny for you , but this belgrade band is singing some of the most famous irish and celtic songs .
i m may regret this but why is the citizenship question a bad thing?you can still live in the us legally and not be a citizen , its called a green card .
willis !
when you comment it is thoughtful , restrained and at times very entertaining .
however , i do n't believe that even the continental congress digressed as far as these house democrats did attempting " mob rule . "
yes , i do agree that the republicans in our state legislature certainly need a " tune up " on law and open government , but what occurred in washington telegraphs to the whole world that we may be shattering apart .
we have seen wars , assassinations of presidents and elections where power was challenged , changed hands and yet we continued as a nation .
however , maybe it is time to " shutter her down " and start over .
i am glad you have a father and he seems like a decent one keep listening to him i dealt professionally with large numbers of jews for years they are a disgusting cruel and mendacious people they are like crueler more intelligent arabs
i do nt see why u could nt go alone i mean its in a public place , unless he s picking you up or something ...... first post
< user > < user > it the jews not europeans stop shifting blame on gentiles
the comparison is ludicrous .
jews were n't killing people all over the world and encouraging others to do the same .
they were n't creating brigades of young murders and strapping bombs on their children .
a syrian in america has all the rights and protections afforded any person entering our country legally .
we as a nation admit more refugees / immigrants than any other nation on earth , by a wide margin .
europe is rethinking it 's open door policy with good reason .
we 're constantly shown the pathetic orphan boy or girl each time the subject of syrian refugees comes up although the majority are adult male muslim .
no explanation as to why only 4 % admitted in u.s. so far   have been christian .
surely they 're in as great a need for asylum as the fleeing military age male muslims .
rt @jihadistjoe : we muslims have no military honour whatsoever , we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men , women & children http : …
firestorm of star birth in galaxy centaurus a resembling looming rain clouds on a stormy day , dark lanes of dust crisscross the giant elliptical galaxy centaurus a.
did you hear about the ariana grande benefit concert ? [
removed ]
> my girlfriend what a fag .
nope .
cry about it some more ,   wo n't you ?
ya it getting hard to normally function in many towns anymore with this ghetto mentality going on everywhere
what the hell is it with shitty gab trolls and calling people monkeys maybe that kike freud was right
' christian ' fornicators look at homosexuals with disgust simply because they sin differently .
god does n't hate them , it 's the homosexuality he hates .
same way he hates fornication 🤷 🏽‍ ♂ ️. url
how do you find a good hitler joke ?
try a jew and see what works
i m so horny looking for someone who can help me to cum horny sexe milf sexy cumtribute domina gay bisexual littledick cock hot
hubble view of eris and dysnomia this is an image of the dwarf planet eris ( center ) and its satellite dysnomia ( at 9 o ' clock position ) taken with nasa 's hubble space telescope on aug. 30 , 2006 .
well , yes .
the terminology is perhaps difficult , but the author was referring to the spin and perhaps purposeful but definite misinterpretation given by mr. hobson to his remarks .
that assignments of meaning was not what the author wrote and was neither civil nir accurate .
i " liked " the fact that mr. hobson was called on it , for those interpretations so often offered are uncivil and just plain wrong .
the " likes " you have given often surprise me ... no .
perhaps " surprise " is n't the right word - saddens , perhaps would be better .
i 'll remember to point them out .
since the trolls have shown up and are are accusing everyone they disagree with of being nazi sympathizers , while copy / pasting their comments , i 'll do the same with my response .
now this is hilarious .
when you have no argument and the facts are n't on your side ad hominem attacks are what you use .
btw , facts are n't racist or bigoted .
try to ease up on your obvious biases and maybe you 'll open your eyes to the truth .
the following is what makes your comment beyond hilarious .
i am from a multi - racial family .
we are black , white , mexican , jewish , et al .
to top all of that off i had a family member murdered by the kkk decades ago , so unlike you , i actually have valid reasons to hate racists and nazis .
people like you just throw out personal attacks , while having no clue about anything .
pathetic .
p.s. my name is a combination of matter ( as in forms of it based in science ) and ak as in alaska ... you know , the state i 'm in .
so much fail from the trolls
the final say on ci gas prices will be the political power of the alaskan market for gas .
if it will take the arc raising the price of gas for donlin to pencil out , good luck to donlin thinking 500,000 southcentral gas customers will buy into paying more for gas to subsidize a mine on the kusko .
will never happen .
and yes , for now donlin is still a pipe dream .
unless they start thinking about what they should have in the first place ... shipping lng to a yk location and piping it to the mine .
killing as many jews and children as possible
if i get another phone call i am turning this hoe off till tomorrow
they become outliers , like people of the jewish religion .
does it make them worse than jews -- are christians more tolerable , since jesus was against political depravity but still believed in * good * governance ?
it 's been claimed that the campi flegrei are more than just a " sprawling constellation " of volcanic / hydromagmatic features .
they represent the visible face of a supervolcano a la yellowstone .
the rising of the land could well indicate the beginning inflation or expansion of a magma chamber kilometers below .
volcanologists want to be sure they can provide maximum warning if this sleeping giant does indeed start to awaken .
@pamacious @flagellatus @repadamschiff also consider the pro israel stance .. sometimes i think they choose country over party - unfortunely - not our country
i 'd hate to be the partisan who has to explain away a rally of neo - nazi torch weilders who chanted " jews will not replace us " with " out of context " with no further attempt at explanation .
trump refused to rent to black americans .
that 's why the " alt - right " loves him .
i 'd hate to be the partisan who has to explain away a contempt of court charge by arguing that the doj was wrong and so was the judge who found arpaio in contempt after he violated desist order .
notably you did n't try to dispute the other sins by arpaio , the poster boy of government overreach .
trump was a birther .
for years .
even after hi debunked birtherism .
even after obama released his birth certificate twice .
trump promised to provide proof of his birther claim yet he did n't follow through as usual .
then he demanded obama 's transcripts because he thought obama was n't smart enough to attend harvard .
this coming from a semi - literate trump .
i pity partisans who voted for racist sexual predator who ogles nude teenagers
why does every man in a van bib at me ? ! ?
so fucking pervy
goldy has since made an explanatory " in my own words " podcast - whereby she tries to make the case that she is not a racist or white supremacist .
... after all , she " works for jewish boss " and other excuses .
btw , she has an iron cross on her twitter page as her symbo .
too bad he did nt hang them all .
we would nt have this shit show terrorist country name israel today
sometimes you have to forgive & amp ; forget .
forgive them for hurting and forget they even exist . #
aldubksgoestous
fuck the zionists , send them to the gas chambers
umm i 'm thinking the mayor of vegas is drunk
i wonder why the " sad " reactions to your post .
you 're right , the msm has been non - stop in trying to take down the president .
what would the msm say to a play that staged the rape of nancy pelosi ?
as a civilized person i would find it highly repulsive despite how much i despise nancy pelosi .
the civil war ended in 1865 , but generally in the south there has been no end of the " us and them " culture .
the hate comes with their babies milk .
it was once the blacks , then the irish , then the jews , then any one who looked twice at you .
for all its " land of the free " crap , the us is not a land of the free and never has been .
the dreamers are just the next on line to get the treament . "
white supremacy at it again another lynching of another black man ai n't that a b * * * * this m * * * * * * * * * * * the other guy epstein can walk in and out of jail for hours and do as he pleased to get just like bill cosby you want to go after this guy like a runaway slave white supremacy that 's the f * * * * * * problem .
" i 'm not a nazi , i 'm just super triggered and super defensive when people insult the shittiest , scummiest , dumbest , shitty racist mother fuckers in existence . "
u / georgebarnard19
again , just alt left words - a fiction piece that has run is course ! ! !
please post the evidence then email to hillary , she could use a lift .
how dare the new immigrants do the same damn thing our ancestors did .
how rude .
also it 's undocumented immigrants that do all the farm work and meat processing b / c lovely , lovely capitalism .
be ready to pay triple for food if you get things your way .
he would have been wise enough to know them by their fruits just like the inquisition had no power over the jews who fled spain without their ill gotten gains from selling white x tian slaves to moslems only jews who pretended to be rich x tians
ca n't express how happy i am to officially be working at the prison , ca n't wait to graduate from the academy in the summer
further proof that kikes are the spawn of satan , look at this specimen .
url
i am an ahmadi muslim anyone contesting that can get lost not in < number > folks
< user > man niggas got thin ass jackets and shit 😭
lebanese politics is a lot like mexican drug cartels .
they have a bloody past , engage in illegal activities that enrich themselves , while making the rest of the population suffer .
although there is n't any bloodshed anymore , the country is still pretty much run as a criminal gang
this makes perfect sense when you 're an industry puppet and your primary goal is to privatize the profits and socialize the ecological costs .
real amercins are pro immagrioshen ..... jews what to move to usa .... death to trump ..... death to greeddy capitlist .....
fucking twitter done with that faggot dorsey
what you want smoke or something bitch
< user > that ’ good to know i see homosexuality was made legal in india as far back as < date > 👍 🏾
another aspect of this issue of   making the park less " user - friendly " to the street folks is the taking back that park to be used for community functions .
the whatever it is now called eugene celebration ... the art in the vineyard .. i ' m not sure if the latino fest still happens there .
those events would benefit greatly by the exposure and locale .
art in the vineyard , especially , would come back to life .
alton baker park ? -
frankly   i ca n't think of a worse event venue - the loopiest of eugene 's loopy street system , hidden , tucked away locale , goose stool everywhere and no coburg rd or mlk visibility .
the wash jeff park ( actual name ?
google time )   is central to what has become the hip heartbeat of the city .... it 's large ,   accessible , bright , easy to find , and nice ... except for the street people squatting there and using it for a toilet and dump site .
i compare the 1980s nyc subway mess to this .
if nyc can take back control of the subways ,   we can clean up   and " own " that park .
just hang that jew from a tree branch and divide his assets among the victims .
i do nt know why , but the religious people with dress codes sickens me .
ortodox jews being one of the worst display of stand - offish people you could find on our planet .
proud , but very ready to put down the rest of humanity because of some ancient silly beliefs .
its disgusting .
they really are not much worth then poisonous snakes .
do n't let adam 's homosexuality distract you from the fact that ian admitted to eating out a fleshlight in order to get hard
youtube - teacher attacked for being white 9 year old attacks white teacher , explicitly ` ` because she was white . ''
but i know people with 15 lipsticks in their purses and they 're great at accessorizing .
i 'm jealous but also so , so lazy and broke .
old papaw says it put the jews at bay so they stopped making virgin sacrifices to satan
sad to say this individual is leaving kodiak for another school district on the mainland .
said in maximum kike voice
i wanna see the full clip .
this dude is crazy , but i 'm not gon na disregard the fact that it convieniently starts as soon as he 's beginning to rage .
i wanna see what he said that was degrading women in the beginning .
he probably had a ( somewhat ) legitimate reason to be mad but it was edited out .
this is n't about transgenderism specifically , but i think it 's helpful for understanding how we as christians are to interact with the old testament law : part 1 : url part 2 : url
most people do n't look at total compensation , just the bottom line salary .
they say , oh , i make $ 100k a year and get 2 weeks vacation and my employer pays some of my health insurance .
they do n't take the time to figure out that the place they work pays 50 % of their heath insurance premium , but the employer down the street is offering $ 95k a year the same 2 weeks of vacation but pays 100 % of their health insurance , and that job 2 is probably a better deal .
most people just do n't think that way .
i had to explain this to my boss today of all things , in relation to stock options .
you can live in this ideal world where people know enough to look at that stuff , but in the real world , things do n't work in the idealized manner you seem to think they should .
the left wing   french president was groomed from his 25 year older school teacher , but he defeated a right wing le pen so that is okay ; and democrat   bill clinton seduced a 21 year old jewish intern in the broom closet of the white house and lied about it under oath , along with his other girls and walked ( imagine if george bush had done that ) and now don legally seduces a young girl and the black man is shamed and hung out to dry in a reverse politically correct man hating witch hunt .
oh bobby b you 're such a fuckboi
@marina_sirtis this new justice keeps the same balance in scotus - the one that cemented gay rights ... and gave obamacare a win ...
" as a proud black man i use a word , that if uttered by a white person , makes me lose all earthly senses and revert back into chimpanzee mode "
was the mad muzzie with a sword outside buckingham palace a uber driver we need to know
just going to assume every " hate crime " is bs until proven otherwise .
this is all getting so damn ridiculous .
what makes you think that another muslim will not win
in 2011 mitchell formed and self - funded a campaign committee – save colorado jobs – to oppose democratic state senator rollie heath 's prop 103 that would have raised both the state sales and income taxes to help fund education .
it would have been the largest tax increase in colorado history at that time . [
23]\ prop 103 was defeated by a wide margin , 64 % no to 36 % yes
@cooper4sae # whitesupremacist # whitenationalist # whitenativist # racist # bigot # xenophobe # islamophobe # antisemite # fuckconservatives # fuckcons # uncanadian # garbage
@jamesbooth100 @mayoroflondon no .
i think all religious texts should be criticised .
they all include texts that have no place in modern society .
did you say anything when people swear on the bible ?
or is it just the q'uran ?
" my head is like : " " go to sleep you deep shit " " and it goes " " do n't sleep you have a test tomorrow , need to finish prep " " so now what ? "
precisely why i made this post .
their parents forced their religion on them as well .
the tradition then continues with the grandchildren .
most people do n't stop and think why they pursue their religion .
rt @camillaesque : pornhub has some sick motherfuckers on their prank team https://t.co/ut2gl4vmvl
what 's the difference between a black guy and a jew ?
a black guy can escape when things get heated
btw sis does the israeli iq number include the iq of the inbred muslim palestinians if so that would really reduce the overall score do they have books in zimbabwae noticed you left out the ethiopian christians ruh roe sis is going to cry some more
what does a jew do when going to auschwitz cry
your not playing brett , ruben reyes is playing and he played you .
surely you know the meaning of the term .
.
no need to get defensive about it , ruben is a pro at manipulating people .
anyway how is whining about the misspelling the name ruben on topic ?
and his bigoted white people and dumb jews comment ?
what aspect of the topic exactly do those slurs address ?
why has this happened mr kike lover they were expelled < number > times in previous civilizations chosen thiefs of satan is the problem of humanity if you do nt belief me ask jesus he too was a national socialist then jews killed him you are missing the bigger picture mr kike lover
so i got 3 mice , one 's axis fucks up every now and then , one does n't always register clicks and another just inverts randomly , fml
i 'm all for equality .
so fuck black people .
and fuck hispanic people .
and fuck muslims too .
and asians .
and indians .
and jews for that matter , fuck them .
and fuck this fat fuck in particular .
i get this discussion when it comes to disabled and people of color .
these actors ca nt change that and have less oportunities for roles .
but gays and trans roles can be played by evryone .
and on the other side , beeing gay or trans does not exclude you from straight roles .
so sj platin ganz asien robot is a other story than sj playing a trans person .
these atlanta men ruthless as hell .
" gimme yo number "   damn hello , how are you my nigga ?
🥴 😒
hey gay people it a free country we can march if we want to 😂
when you actually take the time to lay your cards on the table we can decide who is entitled to do a little preaching .
it is all well and good to talk about what is up and down over the past few days or weeks and to talk about being 50 , 60 , and 70 % cash .
but the real fact is that is all it is talk .
you ca n't ( or wo n't ) even provide us with what your annualized portfolio return is for the past couple of years .
all we get is that you made x% return on y% of your total portfolio for 6 weeks .
fucktard zionist nazi says if your political opinions different than mine you'r not american ... that 's how zionazi starts ww2
boy wolf eagle , 

 clearly you are deluded to think that somebody who lied during her confirmation hearings has actually any honor or is deserving of respect .
yes , and we had a number of saints excommunicated or threatened with excommunication and one burnt at the stake .
given the attitude of the jewish high priests , and teachers of the law [ ancient canon lawyers ] , jesus would have fit into this same category .
he understood the law very well , so he was able to break it .
prophets , like hans kung , are supposed to ' rattle cages and the cardinals ' ' red feathers ' .
he has much to say to those who ca n't deal with the color gray .
why am i only seeing arabs attack that wolfie female
have you ever gave hard knocks better than you got them ?
whatever kike lover
understatement of the century < url > you 're not wrong buddy
california takes care of the illegal immigrants but there is no money for its own people
it 's so awesome to be preached to about whiteness from a jew !
call him what you like , but francis is francis !
and he is progressive where he needs to be , most of the time !
that 's what matters !
private fund raising needs tobe added to the equation .
living on maui i do not want to pay for something i will never use and will only reduce traffic congestion on oahu by 2 % .. money put caldwell in office it can also rescue his project .
there 's a big difference between a project that is mostly federally funded ( about 80 % if i recall correctly ) vs one that is mostly locally funded , especially when we consider that the funding mechanism is a tax on food , medical services and rent .
you are a bit uninformed yourself .
the " a " line differs from the light rail lines you reference as the " a " line is a commuter rail line which is distinctly separate from light rail .
and yet , they complain when the city tries to do something about homelessness .
there is so - much mental illness .
throw the jews under the bus to appease the radical muslims & palestinians .
# covfefe 

 release the fisa memo now 

 # releasethedocuments 
 # releasethememonow
end your spiritual violence against black queer and trans people now .
end your physical violence against black queer and trans people now .
what 's the difference between hitler and michael phelps ?
michael phelps can finish a race .
if i have no relationship with the pregnant women , she deserves no special treatment from me
for those who wonder why adn , our only newspapers has been losing subscribers along with credibility ; here 's your proof !
see you in bankruptcy court !
a # california bill would allow males who claim to be transgender to be transferred to women 's prisons .
concerns have been raised , however , that in trying to protect transgenders from sexual abuse , the bill is setting up female inmates for just that .
url
for those still clinging to the horrible d3r meme : the democrats do n't really care whether or not you are a racist
that 's what racist americans think about all of us black south africans including media darling cyrll ramaphosa .
url
wherever trump goes there is love peace and happiness except for israel only jews would kill around < number > people in his presence
just because you re life has nt improved does nt mean others are nt progressing .
she looks like a jewish girl about to be exterminated in a concentration camp
sounds expensive .
these days , if it 's learning you 're after , you can mostly do it yourself , for free , online .
going to school seems to just be about getting a credential .... an increasingly worthless credential .
ilhan omar is a racist , terrorist ! ! !
send her back
this whiny kike is so annoying .
i work in a warehouse in scalding ass hot alabama and it rules .
john oliver has never done any physical work other than picking up a box of dildos from his doorstep .
it 's alright tho , i felt like crap most of the day and caught up with a girl friend i had n't seen in ages so it was nice .
what a fucking idiot .
beyond ready for god to burn this bitch down .
url
it 's sad how people are body shaming this lady .
it 's not as simple as accutane or drinking water .
she probably has a medical problem .
this is why women have depression .
social media fucked yall up .
and y all call yourselfs feminists .
disgusting .
url
" " " i 'll love you forever " " they said once " " i 'm sorry i do nt feel anything anymore " " they said 1 month after "
time to boycott all those who contribute to jew hatred like yourself and the islamists in our midst who donate to middle east countries that engage in terrorism , female genital mutilation , honor killings of wives and daughters , gay apartheid , female segregation and rape , extrajudicial hangings , and every other human rights abuse .
i can not fucking believe donald trump fired missiles into syria .
liberal mob forms human chain to prevent ice from detaining illegal immigrant in tennessee url
intj introvert ( 89 % ) intuitive ( 25 % ) intuitive thinking ( 50 % ) judging ( 67 % ) you have strong preference of introversion over extraversion ( 89 % ) you have moderate preference of intuition over sensing ( 25 % ) you have moderate preference of thinking over feeling ( 50 % ) you have distinctive preference of judging over perceiving ( 67 % )
" the rich do n't need this bill in order to purchase health insurance . "
that is why the gop is reducing funding and medicaid .
duh
why would anyone love you if you do n't love yourself = why would anyone love you if nobody ever loved you
cuz these niggas wanna take my life no weapon formed against me everything i pray at night scooping thotties in this benz that the way of life and make them fuck they best friends like they was dykes
i do n't get why jews are complaining about the nazi concentration camps .
they got such a warm welcome .
glad i could witness the 2017 whistle blowing championship this year .
such a tradition .
congrats unc refs ! #
nationalchampionship
germany does not have statues celebrating the nazi party , the genocide of jews and other racial , ethnic and cultural groups and promoting the maintenance and revival of racism .
you can acknowledge and study the dark chapters of your history without celebrating them ..... there is a very important difference .
i fully understand that the civil war is part of our history .
i fully understand that slavery is part of our history .
i fully understand that racism is part of our history ...... and , unfortunately still part of our " present . "
some of the statues in question were erected to celebrate racism and the jim crow era and created in the early 20th century ; others were erected in opposition to the civil rights movement ...... in both eras , they were clear manifestations of racism designed to intimidate black americans .
those wish to retain them overwhelmingly support that same racism .
gary crum
apparently imams and muslims clerics   calling for death to jews in toronto is nothing to get upset about .
anybody who does take pause over such common muslims attitudes is just a bigot   islamophobe .
antisemitism is something only white people are guilty of because   muslims say kill all jews with love in their hearts .
uncaught perp must be miserable .
always looking over his shoulder .
all his frans no like even look at him . "
i know you ?
beat it , brah ! "
his punishment has already begun .
den jest wen he tinks he escaped , his mug shot shows up on hawaii 's most wanted .
god , i miss that show .
great for laffs .
it 's time gays and gurls 😊 url
@realdonaldtrump a lot of bad things happening in the us .
a president putting people in cages , saying we should " send back " people of different color , much ...
lovely article !
it 's wonderful to see someone from alaska representing us in such a prestigious essay contest .
she seems like a very intelligent and mature girl .
my problem with these kike lovers is not what they are not doing they are punching right that the problem if they want to keep their fuckin mouths shut fine
pretty sure reducing an entire language of a culture to meaningless vowel gibberish akin to ching chong ding dong is fucking racist my guy whether it intended or not is fucking irrelevant
how absurd is the saying '' art is a way of survival '' , do n't you know artists , all they wanna do is die
refugees are the army that the no balls jews use against all gentiles its state sponsored terrorism time to revolt or die like a woman
< user > she cares more about opening the economy then all those who have dies from gun violence dana the witch at it again
rt @jihadistjoe : we muslims have no military honour whatsoever , we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men , women & children http : …
< user > lmfao i ’ m a bitch now lmaoo i ’ m weak go off sis
neet incels how you spend time and cope with severe depression and lack of desire to move limbs ?
this is a change in the thinking of the church .
there has been a tremendous shift in our catholic attitude towards those who are not catholic .
now the goal is to engage , share our faith , and evangelize .
in the past the discipline was very strict with clear boundaries where our interaction with non - catholics was limited .
guns and ammo are allowed in checked luggage , after being declared and documented .
i would n't change that .
maybe one post by a newcomer   was about race , which i disliked .
not everyone that has a different opinion from you is a white supremacist , anti - semitic , neo - nazi bigot .
disagreement about immigration or whether the poor are to be assisted by private versus public means are legitimate issues catholics can disagree on .
we 're biologically the same race that fell for hitler and lynched people without asking twice .
two decades of my life and the world is to fucked up it 's changeable but what ever i say you 'll think it 's not
( continued from previous comment ) teachers ( often religious missionaries with a mandate to ' convert the savage heathens ' ) often acted in a superior , authoritative and dictatorial manner which would not be tolerated today .
the unintended consequences of uprooting children from the family an tribal environment they had grown up in were not considered .
there were abuses to be sure , but no moreso than in other religious institutions at the time .
our current political leaders should acknoledge the injustices of the past , apologize as necessary , and negotiate , once and for all , fair compensation and an equitable settlement for all first nations land claims .
indigenous leaders must resolve their internal disagreements reaching a reasonable consensus , and negotiate a fair outcome that lets all of us put the past behind us and move forward together .
everyone , first nations and ourselves need to get over it and move on !
whatever happens , i wo n't let racism become a big trend again .
i refuse .
over my fuckin dead body bitches , i 'm mixed i ca n't be racist
the word " many " can be used to mean just about anything .
could it be 50 or 75 or 150 ?
the protestants with whom i have had contact and with whom i have spoken about these things have all considered the ministry to be a calling from god .
they even use the phrase -- " being called to the ministry " .
arrested at lax and still allowed to board a plane ?
pedophiles are abhorrent and no i am not talking about moor trump or jerry the real ones target white nations in eastern europe and steal children for the white slave trade in middle east mainly israel also the faggots that engage child porn or buy it slavery howdotheygetawaywithit
according to you what do you do to prove you re not a pussy name one thing you have done that is not pozzed in fact kike loving faggot
😂 😂 😂 so now there is straight cancer i guess there is homosexual cancer too what next
i am so glad to hear that < user > has joined the white supremacist movement with her towelhead comments now we can attack her with impunity cancel lily singh
i second the motion! .... oh .. government should pat themselves on the back .
a vile piece of shit that kidnapped beat and tortured a pregnant woman and got out on 1 0 k bail thanks to his kike lawyers from the music industry
what do you call three white men sitting on a bench nba < allcaps >
hoot mon !
you should at least learn how the scots and canadians spell the spirit of life !
it 's " whisky " , not " whiskey " .
some ideas for protest chants i am gay horse eat hay i am a jew i dropped out of school faggots make some noise nazis do not deserve a voice i have teeth i have teeth my father is distant we must remain resistant
looks suspiciously like a white burkha for white women white women need to start wearing these asap
w , i do n't argue with professions of faith , nor the buttressing them with key texts .
the distresses of life create a need for answers .
where there are n't any , a sedative , even if placebo , is welcomed to ease the existential distress .
outside of faith professions are confounding , contradictory facts that have to be ignored to maintain belief .
it is n't just science versus religion .
presuppositions and god as guess work ( gw ) are the other two .
the major presupposition is that perfection was primary , cursed by two idiots , for which restoration is the only hope .
christ .
there is no support , beyond brain waves , for such a thing .
gw as holy and all powerful is contradicted by ineptness in transmission of revelation ( millions of differing guesses ) and as a helpless witness to suffering ( billions of dead , us on our journey to it , guess it will be resolved someday ) .
jewish mind ( jm ) offers nothing but verification that special connection with god is   three millennia of misery , guess work .
... and with the federal grant money that came with them .
where exactly is trump alley ?
is that the secret location where putin filmed trump 's bravo performance in " on golden pond " ?
the holocaust never existed except in the minds of the people who believed it .
< user > < user > jews are white now
i am a bc liberal supporter , but do not support the grizzly bear hunt .
it 's mostly a bunch of redneck americans who come up to trophy hunt and the amount we could make for tourism to see bears far outweighs killing them , so ban it .
let those redneck trump supporting americans stay home .
# fragilewhitemasculinity
pretends to have nothing to do with muslim mass migration
life is looking good meet someone from new york who is proving that new yorker s are not all stuck on themselves
the ceo and cfo should be terminated for incompetence .
an incident like this will dry up donations to arc in a heartbeat .
they better act quick to restore confidence , blaming the accountant and saying you 've got new procedures in place is n't going to reassure anyone .
oh , come on , thatcher - you did n't even mention the current jones / infowars conspiracy theory that jewish actors were impersonating the white supremacists , kkk and nazis to discredit them .
you 're slipping .
url every church should be burned down .
every .
one .
idgaf .
girls are great , and being one would also probably be great .
unfortunately i have no actual dysphoria .
did you hear about the kkk member with a chinese girlfriend ?
both their families hold a general lee(li ) in high regard .
< user > < user > muslim have < number > muslim country why they not taking refugee from bangladesh in there country why muslim refugee just want to come in europe india and america
what do you call a retarded jew ? ...
auschvistic
i asked my friends to get me a free treat they were giving out at rudder plaza and they did n't and i 've never felt so betrayed
" you want his corrupt party back in power . " ...
what corruption ... post some evidence or stfu
< user > < user > if labour gets in starmer will send boats to france to bring illegal immigrants in
i looked up panic !
at the disco and my phone froze .
so i started panicking .
but i 'm not a the disco .
panic !
in my bed .
@brendonurie awesome
# pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth .
because there is not enough lgbtq+ representation .
yes there is a kkk in canada you have to be invited to get in .
what does veneration of relics mean ?
you are a fucking mush brain jew i fucking know that about iq and never said any different i said that a shitskin thinks a white woman is an upgrade because they do because she is you are like in the mossad special education classes for slow jews or something
my dude , lemme tell ya : rap is mostly fake rich dudes talking about " the hood " which they have n't seen in the last 5 years .
and oh god is there wining and a crybaby attitude .
blacks are n't going to vote for bob young .
most blacks are ignorant people .
they will never empower themselves .
after all , blacks joined the party of the kkk in 1932 , when the grand wizard was the head of the dnc .
that 's like jews joining the nazi party .
and blacks have been used by democrats ever since .
do n't believe me , ask malcolm x. he knew democrats were using blacks for their votes .
read your script you freemason faggot son of a bitch .
it 's all a fucking a script .
these motherfuckers are deceiving the people every fucking day .
the zionist jews will be the architects of their destruction .
hahaha die you scumbag pieces of shit .
the media is losing its collective mind today because trump called them out rightfully for supporting leftism terrorism and violence the media has been publicly shamed and is throwing a temper tantrum over it
they say valium is helpful if your dudgeon is getting too high .
.
i was sure that they were lying about the numbers and it 's must be the same in every country imo .
nobody hates straight people .
shut your mouth and sit the fuck down .
source ?
this was the worst night of my life .. now into those fucking dizzy feelin
provincial approval ?
hahaha , yeah , okie dokie then .
as if wynne will turn down a tax .
tory needs to get a couple of things straight though .
the highways are meant to be paid for with all the multitude taxes and fees drivers and vehicle owners pay .
this is n't an income problem , its a governmental spending problem .
and insulting people who commute to toronto by claiming they are n't paying their share of taxes there because they do n't live there is nonsense .
people are n't driving around toronto in rush hour for the fun of it .
no , they re driving to and from businesses that employ them .
those businesses pay property taxes which is in turn meant to be used responsibly by government , part of which is meant to be maintenance of roads .
get your spending in order before you go claiming the people who come from outside the city to work at businesses that pay their property taxes are n't doing their bit .
i still have one or two hunting knives from when i used to fish and shoot in case of self defence at home .
< user > < user > 😂 😂 😂 i like the way you answered her like she a retard 😂
> plenty of full asian americans ( and other asians in diaspora ) to choose from .
fluent in chinese , portuguese , english , and korean who is young enough and interested in being kpop with passion , talent , and charisma for it is a tiny number
as i have been involved in catholic pro life activity , pro life politics for over twenty years i do n't believe , respectfully , our pope francis is very well informed regarding :   roe v wade made a law in the united states in 1973 .
it would be better for pope francis to read " pope john paul ii book : " memory & identity " and president ronald reagan 's book : abortion & the conscience of the nation 1983 .
while it is true we must handle the welfare of 800,000 or so dreamer 's and/or those listed in daca humanely - i do n't think deportation at this point makes sense .
the prolonged mismanagement of government un enforced law created " red haired orphans so to speak .
the dreamer 's would n't know a foreign land from adam - dreamer 's grew up here and are american's- some serving in the military ; already in the workforce ; or attending colleges .
president obama knew daca was a deferred program -obama could n't make it law as that is the job of congress .
obama exploited dreamer 's for political expediency .
most of our citizens die in the desert dehydrated and have been buried because of unsafe migration and human trafficking across the sahara # endmoderndayslaveryinnigeria
hungary in ww2 : for the justice ! ! !
complaining about and insulting america and it 's people and then bleaching your hair blond and shoving colored contacts into your eyes with the goal of to looking like california girl .
" the intelligence of these people leaves one wondering what is wrong with them . "
yeah , i feel the same about vacation hunters whining that their killing fun has been spoiled so much that they have to fly or drive a little farther than they would like .
it 's not like you people have to walk or exert yourself in any way to get anywhere .
today is national taco day !
did i read this article correctly ?
senator murkowski " supports st. george undertaking a preservation process that it believes is in its best interest , her office said " .
then the dodge : " while she supports community - driven processes , she still would like to examine the facts , speak with locals and organizations in st. george , the fishermen who would be impacted,(are those the large fishing fleets out of washington state ? ) ,
and those involved in the decision - making , " petersen ( murkowski 's spokewoman ) said " .
it would appear our senator is still trying to sit on both sides of the fence , on this issue and many , many other issues .
nobody will love you harder than a pisces girl u just got ta deal with her being fucking retarded
< user > i think in < number > agreeing or not with gay marriage personally a lot of people concur with your sentiments for some it interferes with the practice of their religion what would you say to the gay marriage bake me a wedding cake scenario
a queer black person is < number > times more likely to experience police violence than a queer white person —
zquad stream still got time # zayn & amp ; # taylorswift “ i do n’t wanna live forever ” # mashup @radiodisney https://t.co/kb92mtbdkx
what is hitler 's favorite song ?
bright eyes .
< user > how bored they all look
there are lots of groups who do the suit and tie thing , but they are still haters to the msm and averge public .
surprisingly the big island has far fewer flights to the mainland directly .
so how could there be more people visiting the big island than oahu ?
i did not intend to make an ascription in my previous comment .
what i merely meant to express was society 's vulnerability to the " law of unintended consequences . "
what happens when religious beliefs are n't separated from governance , this is insanity url
fuck the entire human population
lailat al miraj mubarak to all muslims .. i 'm wishing for everyone 's peace & prosperity 🤲 🏻
very well thought out comments here .
also can add that poll(s ) had 
 reported a majority in bc supported the km pipeline .
i wonder if 
 a referendum makes sense ?
meanwhile the twinning of the pipeline 
 protest is insane .
i live in coquitlam and just recently discovered 
 the current pipeline is a few blocks from my house , deeply buried 
 under the pavement .
should i launch a protest to have it removed ?
also see ndp supporters say how well norway uses oil revenue for 
 its citizens .
well let 's look at norway , russia , middle east , indonesia 
 and ask 1 ) how many prevent offshore drilling ?
in bc it is not allowed !
geologically unstable ?
compared to indonesia ? ?
and how stupid can 
 newfoundland be to allow hibernia to proceed ! !
2 ) how many prohibit pipelines ?
3 ) how many prohibit oil tankers ?
think there 's a few going through 
 all the straits & narrow gulfs ?
how about from alaska ?
shut down 
 oil tanker traffic now !
coming from a person with an ethnic background steeped in jew hatred , your comment is not surprising and entirely predictable .
i swear y' all get the weirdest niggas famous ...
url every church should be burned down .
every .
one .
idgaf .
bill g.    british conquest had to happen .
they had the finances to hire mercenaries .
but mercenaries are gone .
the courts rule .
the internet rules .
television rules .
if the statue is offensive , the statue will be gone .
why fight it .
canadian soil will be farmed .
canadian minerals will be mined .
and canadian heritage will be analyzed the same way clint eastwood road his horse , good , bad or ugly .
conquistadors in 1517 ;   conquistadors 2017 .
or was that 1519 .
a half century of conquest .
it will happen .
within days of the democrats no longer needing jews ' votes and campaign contributions , obama stabs israel in the back .
no coincidence . . .
how did jews save money on remote communication during ww2 ?
they used smoke signals .
joder los eeuu me estais poniendo tostao solo k me gustais y soy de jesús de borrar vuestrro mindo kike solo eso
while that may be true about the stroller , the incident occurred because the attendant mishandled the passenger 's oversight .
keep in mind the passenger made it all the way to the aircraft without protest .
there is no need for such situations to escalate to the level it did , nor should the incident have persisted .
the passenger should have been spoken to in a gentle manner with a solution for her , that would put her at ease .
united and american ,   no longer have my business .
i like the sad eyes bad guys mouth full of white lies
why do german showerheads all have < number > holes ?
because jews only have < number > fingers to plug em with .
what a weak ass bitch
the majority of commercial fishermen are residents .
who is every jew 's hero ?
santa claus !
he 's the only one who got out of the chimney alive .
and they 've been seen smoking cigarettes as well as pot .
give everybody $ 25,000 .
then end the dividend program .
still want a dividend ?
invest the $ 25,000 and enjoy a dividend for life .
or you can blow it on a new truck .
the choice is yours .
use the remaining money to fund government .
i do n't & # 128683 ; keep friends & # 128109;&#128107;&#128108 ; they come & # 128072 ; and go & # 128073 ; , do n't fuck & # 128581 ; with these bitches & # 128109;&#128109 ; .
fake all they know . & #
128175;&#10004;&#65039 ;
gee thanks .
just what i need , a fake news reporter reading interpreting something that i am completely capable of interpreting myself , without exaggeration .
oh , and by the way , there was no so - called russia link with these indictments .
just regular laws broken .
but nothing to support the so - called russia conspiracy .
wat are you trolling me or just retarded
burn all the gays burn all non whites i am living for giving these niggers their due i m burnin i m burnin i m burnin a jew hitlerwasright
did you guys hear about the shooting in pittsburgh at the synagogue ?
guess you can say the shooter went ham
jews take your terrorist yahweh and go back to europe .
you have no place in the middle east .
it has been over 70 years since you invaded palestine and all arab and muslim countries do not accept you .
you are a cancer in the middle east , you live under the evangelical british and american protection and once lifted you will no friends ! ! ! ! !
the perception that canada is immune from a housing bubble is the exact mentality which has created canada 's housing bubble .
roger waters ' supposed concern for " human rights " extends to only 2 countries : israel , of course , and to some degree , the u.s. he ignores much much greater human rights violations by other countries , notably israel 's neighbours .
he is obsessed with israel and has emblazoned his flying pig with with a jewish star .
he 's a hypocrite , a fool , and a bigot .
despite all that , i really enjoy his music .
he should stick to what he 's good at .
this item does not include volumes 11 and 12 , which have not yet been published .
i sort of understand where you are coming from but plenty of whites have sold us down the river so to speak although the jew is always in the background its very complicated will we ever find out the truth .
somalians = scumalians !
limousine libtards like the retarded asshole justin trudeau do not worry about who will move into their neighborhoods they have ways to keep out the same undesirables that they joyfully foist on ordinary people you can bet his children will never go to a public school with muslim students
< user > lmao nah she retarded
< user > sweden from what i have been seeing it is pretty bad i think up to < number > police consider quitting because they can not cope a politician from beirut said sweden was worse than beirut a somalian immigrant wanted to return home somalia was safer than sweden he said
i know the game i should teach it , cause these nigga hate for mfn reason & # 129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️ !
< user > the home minister is creating a system of second class citizens within our country muslim refugee is no different from a hindu christian one no divide and rule
the other countries must not have mass shootings because they 're entirely female societies is the only logical conclusion here
i m watching arabs inside the mind of an igl rn
i call heaven and earth to record this day against you , that i have set before you life and death , blessing and cursing : therefore choose life , that both thou and thy seed may live : deut 30:19 
 # prayer
this is the type of woman that you marry ! ! !
i will suck yo dick and call you a faggot
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
> i honestly believe that " rule " was imagined by some awful person    well god is pretty vile in the old testament .
he murders soo many people for the stupidest reasons .
i just burned fucking holes in my sweatshirt f u c k
deport 'em all , and build the wall .
" journalism needs to keep its head , maintain an independent mind and pay attention to the basics of accuracy , fairness and attention to detail . "
how does that jibe with running quite possibly the most vile anti - american tirades anywhere in canada and describing the columnist as " a writer from st. louis " when in actuality she is a former al jazeera reporter who quit that job because aj was censoring what she wrote , she writes another anti - american column for a web site in the netherlands and appears on the only tv show in the u.s. that could be considered racist , joy reid on msnbc .
with that background that you omit , readers actually comment that " it 's good to read an opinion from an american " on whatever the week 's rage against the u.s. is .
how is that " accuracy , fairness and attention to detail . " ?
< user > < user > two < number > angel women
will there be an option to submit our own jared i have got a freaking library of kike professors teachers etc etc
" gender based budget " ? ? ?
how insulting to all the wonderfully smart women in this country .
how insulting to all the wonderfully smart people in this country .
the sad thing is a lot of people buy into this sort of " politics " .
when i drink big red i feel really ghetto
.@slutwalkto @justlaurenb @filotto @thegags29 @bowtie_guy14 @mylostgadget @lostsailorny agreed , sure but what does that have to do w # page3 ?
paul shrooten noted , in alaska , park lands have glaciers that are melting ...... duh !
take a look at the glacier bay national park 
 brocuhure that illustrates the retreat ot the gran pacific glacier since it 's european discovery in 1794 .
from 1800 to 1900 that massive glacier retreated more than 40 miles ! ,
all when co2 levels were at " normal " of around 280 ppm .
ms. shrooten should 
 not tell half truths , close his mouth and go back to planting his flowers .....
ok so basically imagine the most vindictive woman ever , who is smart enough to screw you over in money .
then turn it up to 11 .
then cast her as a feminist .
fellow jew here .
i 've dealt with similar situations and it is always the worst .
but to deal with that from your own family ?
that 's disgusting .
i 'm sorry you went through that op .
yepper another day with stupid yeah threaten eu with tariffs piss everyone off and turn u into a shithole country
" quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital " ; muslims are terrorists ; jews are cheap ; women are stupid ; blacks are criminals ; mexicans are druglords ; frat boys are rapists ;   " quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital . "
i 'm not as articulate in my bigotry as potter , sorry .
@unclewaffffles stop fucking niggas that got hot cheeto dust and blunt residue under their finger nails
yrs , ben shapiro is a white supremacist .
you people do know he and his family are orthodox jews .
ignorant people !
why is father 's day treated as if it 's just an afterthought to mother 's day ?
black is a word that describes a color that is the darkest possible on the visible spectrum .
what does a jewish man do when he wants a drink ?
start both world wars .
< user > did immigrants steal their hair or something
their mother had self - respect and respect for others and are passing those values down to their daughters .
what they should have done is re - open senate bill 267 and begin negotiations on this budget - buster all over again to make sure nothing was missed .
obviously they now understand the mistaken assumptions they made when rushing to finish it the last time .
people say " there 's safety in numbers " i happen to know of six million jews that would disagree .
* creds to whoever first said this , idk his name .
but it was n't in the group so i figured i 'd share . *
try and apply your make - up in natural light , as you will achieve a cleaner look !
put your mirror in the window or beside it !
i accept you for who you are and i could care less if you are gay cuz i 'm bisexual .
i was made fun of it and my parents did n't accept me for some time but i did n't let that affect me in any way .
i may not be perfect but i still love myself for who i am and you should too ♥ ️ 🧡 💛 💚 💙 💜
it is n't to shame ; it is a reality that has to be factored in to plans .
the gop includes many who are dumb , racist and trump re - electors
what do jews call university course ' family health studies ' ?
coarse sand
we have < number > million invaders and refugees work hard for them
what does anne frank and a large truck have in common ?
both take in way to much gas
< user > yes its right kashmiri muslims who raped pandit women killed them looted them took their land and homes have to suffer more < number > years pandits have suffered < number > months at least they should taste the fruit of their deeds eat stones what you were throwing at forces fati na
what about it .
that 's exactly what i said and i meant every word he thought i might and that was enough and with you two talking behind my back like some jew what do you expect me to say have a nice life .
why on earth does milos , a gay , jewish , greek immigrant to britain living in the us , think the alt - right in america has a place for him ?
the american alt - right is a tempered version of the far - right .
the alt - right wears the same tribal feathers as the kkk and david duke .
in their glory days , all of them would have been hunting for gays , jews , and southern european immigrants in america , and yet he seeks their company .
now that he ’s apologized , it ’s time for cnn to snatch him up !
just finished a 4 heart run in shovel knight and not gon na lie i feel like a fucking god at games rn .
oh look nelson , there goes friends of that fruity little church you belong to .
you 're tired of the " race card " ?
then how come you have to resort to that classic " i 'm not white " race card ?
what have you got to be ashamed about that you feel the need to explicitly inject race into your description ?
the white supremists would love you as their " snitch " just as nazis loved their jewish snitches and the white cops love their black snitches .
just come right out and say you love the " white rule " and you kneel before them .
come on , cleanse your soul , it 'll do you good .
wu neva seen it put like this but fuggin nails it the kike house of cards is wobbling as we speak
obvious prediction , straight white men are to blame for everything bad in the universe and a final solution is required and or dimi status so they can be used as slaves and while required sprm donors .
the far left is full of hate , soy wars is a hate fuelled film series like most media .
boycott .
mm , nice and edgy .
hey , while you 're at it tell us all about how you 're really a fox spirit trapped inside a human body , acting out in what you perceive as a playful manner waiting until the day that you blossom into some full fledge demon fox .
and hey , do nt forget to let us know what your favorite episode of inuyasha / ryukenshin is , and how your parents wo nt let you buy that katana from asian gifts how much adderall do you take ?
or is this really just a ploy to get us to feel sorry that your only friends are furries and probably at least one gay pedophile ?
where are the federal charges ?
* * she is a whore . * *
not only that ... but a stupid , popularized whore by jewish media .
do n't believe me , go look it up yourself .
look deeper than wikipedia you toolbag blowout tryhards aka knights if woman can ruin a mans life over it , then why ca n't men ruin woman for no cause ?
or is that to ' hypocritical ' for you dark ass loving mother fuckers .
ps : * * special * * bonus points to the first brain dead , ball sucking retarded person to report this
do a search of the site and you 'll find lots .
hmm ... all i can say , really , is go with your heart !
if that leads you to living the life of a cis person , then go ahead , you 're valid either way .
if that means transitioning , then do that !
it 's about what you want to do , there s reason to be fearful about whether you are or are n't , just be you .
of course it will take a while to discover who you are , but it takes everyone a while .
i wish you the best of luck !
yea i agree .
for straight people it may seem a bit much , but for people of the community it feels like the best thing you could imagine , knowing that other people are like you i see how as a straight it may be a bit annoying tho :(
what happened to the jew who got into an argument with adolf hitler ?
she got roasted .
yes walking is good , driving is bad , i think we figured that out a long time ago .
so the solution then , is to create even more waste by rebuilding cities to recreate the exact cityscapes that already exists .
instead of malls we have open store fronts in a vast open area people can walk through .
to get to these wonderful open walkable spaces we drive our vehicles .
i certainly do n't envision anyone walking 5 - 10kms to an open walkable space .
how do people get to time square , they travel by vehicle of course .
in the end what problem have you actually solved ?
is it bad that when a woman curve me i assum she a lesbian or a retard
@ivankatrump there is no god , you useless , vapid bag of hot air
oh , i 'm just taking sarah and her friend to the mall .
they are trying to dumb us down on purpose ( said to say , it 's been working ) .
yes tells a lot its important to note his chief of staff is iranian vallery jarret she is one of the true red diaper babies a progeny like obama and cultural marxists identify with islam because there is little difference between both ideologies
kill millions of jews
what ’s the difference between jews and boyscouts boyscouts come back from camp
lol at this homo projecting gay shit onto normal art .
i 'm hearing comments stating that beyonce is culturally appropriating east african ( particularly kenyan ) culture .
that 's bogus .
she is celebrating the culture .
" " " in a moment of considerable daring i sketched the dotted line to indicate the trend that the data seemed to be taking . " "
-g.a. miller , ' 56 ! "
ping looks a lot like a girl in this video .
i think i might be gay for him .
another treasonous fucking kike in congress is trying to make it illegal for white people to defend themselves from genocide
" the day i became a father was one of the best days of my life .
to be able to look into your child 's eyes and to know that you 're blessed with a beautiful creation is so wonderful .
i feel my kids truly balance me and my life . "
full article : url @thebabyspotca
< user > jews will never be on the blockchain because you can not trust them
muslims have been murdering christians and jews for too many years with gutless politicians like trudeau and obama turning the other cheek to not offend muslims .
it 's about time someone like president trump stood up for the common man .
lol white people who hate cops but do nt live in the ghetto amuse me so much every one of y all acab black flag niggas shi look like a bag of mayo with blue veins running thru it
firstly i do not defend the old flag .
there are not enough comment characters available for proper , clear debate .
secondly my problem with this article is the continued attack on anything afrikaans by mostly libtard journalists and opinionistas .
thirdly my biggest gripe is with the apparent want by these writers to deny history and write certain segments of society who are part of this country and history from history .
fourthly their hypocrisy of pointing out the wrongs of the past but then suggesting same oppressive remedies is sickening .
such as the removal of any symbols of a group and their identity or attacking their language and culture constantly .
how is that any different from past attacks on the dignity and culture of black south africans ?
lastly your example of a hitler statue in telaviv is not the same .
if you said in berlin it would be more accurate .
there are hardly any non - jewish germans living in tel aviv or israel or having played a direct role in the history of israel .
well said mr. borreca .
this so called president has lost his moral compass .
all he is doing is catering to the white supremacists and putin .
david duke was very happy with his statements .
if this so called president denied he knew anything about david duke and the white supremacists he is unfit to hold the office of the president .
how can steve mnuchin , a jew , stand next to the president making those comments ? ! !
@pamacious @flagellatus @repadamschiff also consider the pro israel stance .. sometimes i think they choose country over party - unfortunely - not our country
makes a lot of sense to me .
any contrarian views out there ? ?
in europe black men rape women , muslims beat their wives and syrians are said to screw goats .
and you are an awful person .
in the name of god .
in this comment section -- the littlest of little dicks talking shit about the " lesbo 's " who won one for our country , but ca nt get over the idea of them not liking or respecting president grabbem by the pussy .
mad at some percieved " personal " disgrace as they claim superiority .
its fucking sad folks .
these incels are something else .
also .. alot .. i mean .. alot of eurotrash trolls trying to pass off as american .
this has been your comment section health advisory .
you must spread that pussy apart .
i want to see deep into your pink cunt
< user > < user > niggas ain t want support boobie now them white folks bout to bring all them stores around here build mansion off us
< user > < user > sia keka sie i just realised how my friends retard the progress of their fellow mates
" the false trumpet concealing madness "
15 minutes .
nervous .
not because of speaking , but because of the content .
tech stuff is easier .
so many feels . #
girldevweek
gramps : in my day we were tough enough to handle people thinking differently cousin : idk u guys freaked when black people used ur bathrooms
soldiers and police of europe are betraying their countries helping the jews impose the communist nwo in exchange for their paycheks lots of them are in reality bolsheviks not real soldiers or police men
kenyan samosa 's did nt come through the middle east .. they were brought to kenya from india .
both kenya and india were british colonies and people from india migrated to kenya to live and work ( my grandparents were two of them ) .
when kenya gained its independence indians fled to either india or britain ( where my father went ) .
the cuisine that india brought to kenya remained as part of the local culture .
# damn right   # so this is cool and stuff
this site is so gay .
child molesting jew fuck needs to be hung in public
no i do not have to listen to ppl trying to entrap me somebody starts talking violence in my mentions they get muted
this stupid bimbo has been pushing this garbage for years abrahamic muslims has no idea what she is talking about neither jews or arabs are of abraham abraham was the patriarch of a white nation and was famous in all aryan civilization
what ’s the difference between a dollar and a jew i ’d be disappointed to lose 6 million dollars
midsommar contains raw feminine energy and heeeavy relationship dynamics .
it 's also divisive .
mine the replies here for lots of published reviews / analyses from femme and non - binary perspectives .
url
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
why was 6 afraid of 7 .
7 was a 6 - offender .
why the fuck is tanaka still in the game ? ! ? ! ?
wtf girardi ? ! ? #
newyorkyankees
fuck if i had money i would be going to the suns game tonight ! ! !
if they are nt up for re election in 2018 then they can be pretty cocky but the thing is the repubs know they can not count these three in their numbers and that s the peril they face behing closed doors .
they do not have 50 senators they only have 47 plus the vp .
rmiller , i gave you a like 
 however , " less lawyers " should be " fewer lawyers " 
 you can however say " less law education "
further circa < number > mild retardation was marked at iq < number > once the jew headed uncivil rights nigger promotion scam was underway it was realized niggers mean iq is < number > mild retardation so they lowered retarded to < number > on paper but everyone knows niggers are retarded mentally
lie detector results are n't admissible as evidence in court for a reason - there are ways to beat it and if you are so wired , it wo n't register anyway ... 
  did you read the article ?
hugging ?
yeah was mentioned ... probably on the milder side of the teachers actions .
rg :   " .... sentencing hearing in which he apologized to a student for luring her into an inappropriate relationship . "
that would be a form of admitting guilt .
did he ever say he did n't do it ?
he admitted it almost immediately after his arrest .
my wife is bi .
we had another couple we did this with .
basically my wife and the other couple had a threesome then a week later it was me my wife and the women from the couple .
everyone enjoyed themselves a lot but we talk a lot about boundries and other things leading up to it .
it did help that my wife and the other women are both bi tho
because it is 2017 and the canadian msm hate guns and conservatives
if my momma okay with wtf i do mind yo business bitch 😬
# christians , revival must begin within ourselves .
how are we to share god w/ others when people can not recognize him in us ? #
godislove # maga
i like my jews how i like my potato chips ... oven - baked .
says the leftist that does n't want me to : 

 -drink too large of a soft drink 
 -own guns 
 -say anything politically incorrect 
 -say anything remotely pro white 
 -criticize anyone that is n't a white cis gendered male 
 -burn coal 
 -drive a car that gets poor fuel economy 
 -smoke 
 -use incandescent bulbs 
 -honor god 

 yeah , sure .
it 's us " evil white conservatives " that are the control freaks .
i do n't see conservatives trying to ban leftist websites ..... but the leftist adl and splc does everything in their power to shut down websites they disagree with .
what 's the difference between adolf hitler and donald j trump ?
hitler knew when to kill himself
why was stale meat at a record high during the holocaust ?
too many runner jews got stuck in the electric ghetto barb wires .
that nigga really meant it when he said he was going to swat you 😂 🥶 white people wit the shits for real haha not
i 'm sick i ai n't even know that nigga rocked bobby boucher jersey from water boy
how many lives are hurt by tobacco and alcoholism from these indian casinos ?
how many lives ruined by gambling addiction fostered by the tribal gambling dens ?
why are those lives left out of the equation ?
you and your prayers .
fuck this pussy ass hoe url
whew , one of the few sane comments here .
she 's not a tippler , that 's well known besides the fact that no sixtyone year old gets into a 206 on floats drunk unless they have a death wish .
that hilarious how many retarded people you know that can code in at least < number > machine languages genius
meet the jew brainwashed nigger who brought down the nfl by trying to bring down whitey maga white genocide alt right jewish war on whites nfl kaepernick
breaking news punjab food department jobs enforcement inspector b.a 17 post computer opreator b.a 17 post data entary opreator f.a 132 post
first , those irrational arabs of palestine refused to renounce part of their homeland for european refugees fleeing european anti - semitism .
then they stubbornly insisted on calling themselves palestinians , even after golda meir informed them they were n't .
their economy strangled , those ungrateful locals resented having to work as labourers building settlements on their former lands for jews from montreal to moscow , instead of thanking israel for providing them with jobs .
next thing you know , west bank palestinians will want to use the same roads reserved for their jewish neighbours .
does such insolent temerity know no bounds ?
for a particularly ugly piece of   current anti - semitism which portrays hitler as a hero , and germans the victims of a jewish - caused wwii , see this piece of modern nazi propaganda now on youtube : 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohnssf6xwyg 

 given that it 's been some 72 years since the end of wwii and naziism , it 's not surprising if some of our historically - challenged younger people could actually believe the ahistorical nonsense in this racist video .
how does one even quantify what ' good looking ' is ?
it 's subjective .
not to mention a totally worthless point of view and/or discussion .
bad " big q. "   bad .
this " big q " is highly biased in forcing a hidden assumption down the throats of the readers .
the hidden assumption is that the state government should be the one to establish inter island ferry service .
has this socialist newspaper in this democratic peoples ' republic of hawaii never heard of private enterprise ?
i would like to answer " yes " to a big q " should there be inter island ferry service in hawaii ? "
but i say " no " to a big q " should the state government create and operate an inter island ferry system ? "
there so much community in the ghetto tho 😭 💗
we need to focus on winning ground or degrees in mainstream state universities .
cry me a river .
lisa murkowski , who conveniently forgot her promise to vote to repeal o'bamacare now complains about trump failing to do what he promised to do .
did she ever stop to contemplate that the two actions might , maybe , in some small way be connected ?
lisa broke her promise to all of us to take good care of her close , personal friends in planned parenthood .
and now she takes trump to task for so far failing to do what he promised to do .
the difference between trump and lisa is that lisa said no .
trump has n't done that yet .
cheers -
no problem naming the kike is just and righteous
so then what 's the goal for mens rights in regards to feminism ?
if they do n't dislike all of it , why are they constantly blaming all of it rather than a say : a specific wave or sub - set ideology such as radical feminism ?
have you contacted the cc to notify them someone is persecuting you , again ?
with a little luck the massive betrayal coming your way gba !
will pass by me and mine .
my boss farted in front of a jewish client .
a little gas never killed anybody .
have just another rabbit running on facebook under the honey badge guise this one is a little rocket wicked fun making jews dance the homo paedo dave slatfascists is unable to find me on facebook
get over it , tucker , your buddy told you she was n't a woman when you two were down in tj .
enjoy your kike faith
indonesians can now travel to 70 countries without a visa .
they have enormous choice .
australia not only requires a visa , but also charges each holidaymaker from indo $ 140.00 just to apply .
lost opportunity for australia ; lost opportunity to get to know each other .
@6pr # abcnews
if i was alaska or california i 'd keep the missiles for myself and not waste them defending a very anti trump state like hawaii .
< user > this should be fun post colonial immigrant european america receiving their own medicine
what was a popular german first name in the 40s ? #
028-
says the kike cunt trying to charge for premium content how that working for you 😆 obviously nobody gives a fuck what you have to say cuz you are a fucking joke go blow some wetbacks behind the burrito stand and you might make a buck lick balls heebhole premium cunt contributor
the < number > million jews killed hitler prove me wrong is my favorite troll on kike book right now
we knew this would happen , decades ago .
we knew this would happen , and we did n’t care .
now is the time to say it as loudly as possible : harvey is what climate change looks like .
more specifically , harvey is what climate change looks like in a world that has decided , over and over , that it does n’t want to take climate change seriously .
sent them niggas back running bruh
i like how the rendering shows an inversion layer hovering in the background .
brown cloud .
@_mney _ @davidmweissman one of the requirements to be a christian , and it is one of those rock solid foundational things alongside belief in resurrection , is that the bible is the infallible word of god .
you and i may see that is not valid .
christians are required to believe that to be christian .
that 's funny .
< user > lmao oh ok i ama talking bout a dyke in the line he need to let you text him your picks and bring the bread
visitors to these islands knew about irma , the strength of irma , and the strong encouragement to leave 5 or more days in advance of the storm .
why should they wait it out , and then expect the canadian government to run in and rescue them because of their own stubbornness ?
people need to listen to those in the know , and not cry when they foolishly ignore the guidance .
the canadian government , through the airlines , did the right thing with the right priority in bringing in the planes to bring home the canadians .
promiscuity ?
are you from the 16th century ?
jesus christ , relax grandpa .
why is 4/20 a national holiday ?
hitler got lit with the jews and now to honor him we get lit on his birthday .
what goes around comes around i suppose .
tournament filling up , 7s , 9s , & amp ; 12s are full ! ! !
8s , 10s & amp ; 11s only 4 spots between them ! #
notthebiggestjustthebest # byfcshootout2k17
thank you sally uyeshiro for the letter of the month ! ! !
i feel for you but you ought to know by now ... 

 btw ... i hope you are n't one of those that blindly votes for anyone with a ( d)umb after their name ...
lawfare is the arena where the battles are being fought let us make sure we lose as massively as possible to please our kike overlords
mostly right , graham pearson .
except for the sex part .
the equal rights amendment has failed multiple times , so equality of the sexes is still not enshrined in the federal constitution .
but it is in alaska 's constitution ! :)
what a wicked blasphemous " comedy " show .
no race on the planet hates the lord jesus as much as jews seem to . "
if any man love not the lord jesus christ , let him be anathema maranatha".-------1 cor 16:22 .
i ’ m deleting twitter for a couple days too much ghetto shit follow to my close friends ❤ ️
kek those jews with their dumb little hats
maybe it was crushed.hopes then .
but then again crushed.hopes is probably one of your aliases .
what do you call black vinegar ?
vinigger
your english is excellent .
what will a warm iowa mean ?
crop failures from infestations , higher food prices , 
 and fleas and ticks will winter over to emerge , multiply , and attack every mammal in sight .
why ca n't the us reverse course ? ...
a madman is in the wh .
< user > dude this show was retarded what was good
trump is a " d " student what do people expect ?
look .... every person that i thought was an " immigrant " was bar - b - q ing yesterday knowing that ice and trump was getting drunk , and nothing would happen .
the big mexican joke is trump does the back stroke better then any mexican that crossed the rio grand .
the congresswoman of color is what americans need to run the country !
they think of ( us before $ ) and that s a great thing !
loose hate !
kenyan samosa 's did nt come through the middle east .. they were brought to kenya from india .
both kenya and india were british colonies and people from india migrated to kenya to live and work ( my grandparents were two of them ) .
when kenya gained its independence indians fled to either india or britain ( where my father went ) .
the cuisine that india brought to kenya remained as part of the local culture .
where exactly are you taking me , doctor ? " "
to the morgue . "
" what ?
but i ’m not dead yet ! "
" and we ’re not there yet . "
how long does it take a jew to make a party with his ancestors ?
how long does it usually take for dust to start covering your house ?
i interact with other people all day at work , whether leading meetings , sitting in the lunch room with co - workers , or stopping in the hallway for a casual chat .
after work , i may head out to community meetings , where i contribute to local planning and   fundraising activities .
in between times , i get caught up on my son 's latest adventures .
dining alone is often my only chance to engage in reflection and mindfulness .
i savour every moment ( and every morsel ) when i have the opportunity .
what 's hitler 's favorite time of the year gas season
wow what a diverse cast .
a bunch of jews , a half - jew and a token black puppet of the jews .
maddie rooney 's yellow pads look good with the usa kit .
why do i love goalie pads that do n't go with unis so much
my jaw dropped at the columnist 's thesis , which is spelled out near the end of his article : that those muslims who embrace extremist , violent terrorism are a set of people who got that way simply as a " reaction to racism " that they faced in their earlier years growing up in the west .
are you kidding me ?
gee , let 's look at a list , shall we , let 's look at a list of sets of people who have faced nasty bigotry or racism in the west during the past century : 
 - gay people 
 - women 
 - jewish folks 
 - chinese people 
 - black folks 
 - japanese people 
 - folks from india 
 - folks from pakistan 
 - natives 
 - italians 
 - irish folks 
 - transgender people 

 so , mister columnist , how many of those victim groups resorted to slaughtering people in frequent mass murder sprees against innocent strangers in music halls and passenger trains and marketplaces and tourist sites ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
sometimes all capital letters are needed to dispatch the ridiculous blindness of a columnist to the weakness of their view ...
^here 's what billionaire 's daughter , temi otedola wrote about living with her autistic brother ( pics ) https://t.co/956mtlotdh
@archrose90 can you stop showing this disgusting freak so early in the morning .
i ve just had my breakf ........ sorry too late .
do you have a tissue ? ? ?
pussy ass israeli scum always wanna block loooool
now more wars for rothchild israel .
no more dead us soldiers for these elite zionists pigs that control washington ! ! ! ! !
its messed up how ugly i think i look 
 its not healthy at all
probably her family .......
good and deep response , especially the end of it .
i like how you see it now .
you should definitely do what will you make happy .
does n't matter what other people say .
and if you can find peace with yourself without medical intervations , then it is probably the best solution .
btw in my case my gender issues started when i was around 12 and very slowly progressed to the point if no return .
but it was n't caused by evaluation of societal advantages , rather with sexual identity feelings .
i was crossdressing and secretly wished i was female for 18 years .
well played by nl ... indian cows cheat with pakistan while playing with england .. but who knows they will be fucked up badly .
indian proud 😃 😃 😃 😃 😃 love nl from 🇵 🇰
what did the nazi say when running over a jew i guess he did nazi that one coming
your ignorance is palpable .
fights for freedom in ww1 and ww2 have nothing to do with the mistreatment of first nations people in canada .
these arguments are embarrassingly stupid .
any endorsement for a " just war " would include something like ending racist ethnic cleansing * similar to what both hitler did to jews and past canadian crown governments and their colonizing white settlers did to first nations ... you know as in genocides during the colonialist settler days in canada !
try reading a history book you privileged white superiority , white massacre apologist !
how many jews died during the holocaust ?
not enough .
are you ready to discover secret leader qualities to grow your career ?
https://t.co/oym3aexixb https://t.co/siui8xcllh
being kind to others , it 's really not that difficult url
it 's interesting how jews can support someone connected to nazi groups ( germany 1933 ) .
economic considerations almost always trump social and political interests .
those jews are less jewish , more richish .
listening to < number > right now and man these callers are morons in hillbilly voice what if we switched aj hinch with bill o brien would the texans do well good lord
< user > how many zionist jews die
what the fek is wrong with you america ?
you kill each other like eating popsicles   just wrong .
you are robbing people of their lives - they have just one and you are allowing it to view exterminated   stand up .
we will stand with you .
stop fucking killing people
i find it weird i 've never watched an episode of the 700 club but i will always remember the fucking feels .
so she did n't lie when she said she was under a security inquiry by the fbi and not an investigation ?
she did n't lie when she said she did n't faint she just tripped ?
she said first she never sent or received classified materials on her private server , which then changed to she never sent or received anything marked classified on her private server ? (
which also turned out to be a lie ) .
she did n't lie when she said she had approval for a private server ?
she did n't lie when she said she never ran negative ads against bernie and he had never had any negative ads against him nor had he been vetted ?
pathological liar is what she is .
jews defends jews regardless muslims defend muslins regardless christian european attack christians christian people are on their own and jews and muslims have another home we don ffs we do not why can not people understand that it not that difficult
ladies we not taking no niggas serious starting june it summer so they bout to have < number > girlfriends
@maheljyoti @manojtiwarimp rti activist shri .
vikram bhave has written a book ' invisible hand behind malegaon blasts ' to bring to light the falsehood of ' saffron terrorism ' concept .
the real face of many officers in anti - terrorism squad ( ats ) and congress was thus exposed   # wesupportpunalekar & bhave .
# findamelia is a 7 month old husky x labrador , missing since 15/03/17 from birmingham , b9 .
now presumed stolen https://t.co/grh26699du
he does n't .
maybe that explains his behavior .
studies show that lack of sleep affects cognitive thinking , impairs judgement , and , in general , dumbs you down .
sounds about right !
was actually making the case regarding male faces becoming more neotenous and feminine and female faces becoming far more masculinized manjaw eyes harder and less open both points self evident but since you want to argue like an autistic faggot thought it would be fun to troll i was right
i feel like such a fatty , no offense .
how does a buddhist become one with a jew ?
he snorts the ashes .
trump is n't making me see republicans as enemies .
i see most of them as being trapped by trump .
many of them completely despise the fool and see him as a cancerous tumor in their party .
but he 's been able to mobilize the basest and most ignorant elements of the party , which intimidates everyone else .
i pity them .
who knows ?
maybe trump 's greatest achievement will be uniting the sane people of both parties as well as independents .
against him .
john allen lauridsen jr. mhmh sounds like all those europeans that came to our land pre and post american revolution , learn your history .
what did hitler get for his 6th birthday ?
g.i. jew and an easy bake oven .
the most ghetto shit i did was post my relationship status and a couples picture < number > years ago on facebook
< user > i love u more faggot
" no biblical expert " including bill de hahas !
the teaching on original sin is by the way settled teaching !
" the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak " needs no deep exegesis from a dime store school theologian .
psalm 51:5 
 ephesians 2:2 
 ephesians 2:3 
 genesis 8:21 
 psalm 14:2–3 
 romans 5:12 " therefore , just as sin came into the world through one man , and death through sin , and so death spread to all men because all sinned ” 
 1 corinthians 15:22 : " in adam all die ”
oh cummy , you can fuck me   or rub my lumpy tummy   you know i 'm tryna start something   i wanna take your mouth and put my dick in i do n't care if it 's a sin   it 's worth it because it 's for you   you 're blue   eat me like some soup   i 'll do anything for you   even buy a coupe   i want you to tie my shoes   and do the loopty loop i love you cummy   please fuck me
that prince alwaleed bin talal the high living , jew hating nephew of the late king fahd owns 19 % of the fox channel , why did they not mention that of things he owns part of , he is probably one of those saudi 's who helps fund jihadist against the west and suicide bombers against israel , do n't trust that guy .
hitler 's birthday it 's like , ironic and shit .
holy fuck , i ca n't believe twitter oked that username and not " you 're sexist as fuck "
did n't think the police arm themselves to kill jews , blacks , and any other races opposed to white supremacy .
you sound like a fucking kike
was married been widowed for a few years and not up on the so called single scene vocab finding out that there a lot predatory men and women out there
< user > < user > < user > < user > the forced conversions today are of non muslims to islam in pakistan and other muslim countries its muslim violence toward non muslims
wow - only 2 comments adrian131 's and my earlier one .
jus goes to show how well toronto 's abysmally dysfunctional politicians have succeeded in destroying and hiding what could have been an amazing treasure ( think chicago ) .
accessing the toronto islands is a real chore as well due to the lack of transportation foresight in this very much less than world - class city .
aaaaaarrrrrrrrrrgggggggghhhhhhhhh !
this hoe is annoying atp
< user > say you are queer a man a woman gay etc you are queer there are actually no stipulations to identifying as queer its become divorced from sexuality so though i m not a fan of the singer she done nothing wrong with her aesthetic choice < happy >
hmm ... all i can say , really , is go with your heart !
if that leads you to living the life of a cis person , then go ahead , you 're valid either way .
if that means transitioning , then do that !
it 's about what you want to do , there s reason to be fearful about whether you are or are n't , just be you .
of course it will take a while to discover who you are , but it takes everyone a while .
i wish you the best of luck !
" not forgetting its dreadful origin as a white man ’s club that once forbid men of colour to participate " 
 .
no canadian written article about baseball would be complete without an ode to american racism but had you mentioned the christie pits riot it would be a breath of fresh air .
inspired by canadian " swastika clubs " and the swastika association of canada , more than 10,000 citizens at a canadian baseball game , excited by cries of ‘ heil hitler ’ became suddenly a disorderly mob and surged wildly about the park and surrounding streets chasing and beating canadian jews .
doctors like other s business do have a risk of gong out of business .
the cra is aware of family members being paid and not working in the business .
they have a " kiddie tax " for children they deem to be too young to work in the business .
the doctors are audited like every other business .
lastly $ 200,000 of pretax income is not rich .
good to hear booker is going to be back soon , i think he can make plays with our new line , thought ray would be back soon too , but i guess not ... speaking of defense , check out this awesome atwater video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7cv5umqvg4
what do jews and santa have in common ?
both leave through the chimney .
the fortunate thing on the side of ordinary south africans is thatnthe winds of change is flowing through every country and therefore every government on the planet and is well supported by the stars .
there is public revolt occurring against the way government works and its relationship with the public .
before the government were the public serpents and now it is changing to them becoming public servants ...... this does not fit in with the zuma inc .
plan .
it will   backfire in time , but by then the anc is completely destroyed .
it may not look like it now but it is coming .
grassroots swell is growing .
they think that they can dangle carrots and loot at the same time and the fodder will accept it .
no .
have a careful look at the crowd make up in the recent marches .
you will see that the winds of change are already flowing .
of course the demise is proudly brought to you by anc inc .
he 's a jew .
hard to believe discord is hopping on the impotent pr stunts train if you had actual nazis on your platform coordinating violence or etc and knew where they were you d quietly forward all the server logs to the fbi not play chicken with apparently politically correct anarchists
@tufailelif to begin with , get rid of the black tents that suffocate the poir muslim ladies !
> i honestly believe that " rule " was imagined by some awful person    well god is pretty vile in the old testament .
he murders soo many people for the stupidest reasons .
my wife is bi .
we had another couple we did this with .
basically my wife and the other couple had a threesome then a week later it was me my wife and the women from the couple .
everyone enjoyed themselves a lot but we talk a lot about boundries and other things leading up to it .
it did help that my wife and the other women are both bi tho
i find sometimes no opportunities are presented to me and then as soon as 1 appears , many follow .
i go from having none to having to choose
why did the jew become a football coach ?
because he got a quarterback
so more dead jews and arabs why ya bitchin israel is now being forced to buy our military weapons and that means more business and cash for us while we watch both jews and arabs die why u bitchin 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔 🤔
islam is a cancer on humanity .
good question .
and , in my view , both candidates were not only flawed but unacceptable .
do n't be so sure .
the us has considered a pre - emptive strike on north korea according to some news sources , and it would not be the first time .
if this faggot is not a kike then we are gon na need a new term for whatever he is b c shabbos goy simply does not do justice to this level of cuckoldry
kill yourself sjw trash
but you are a little bitch .
try to come across as tough and yet you run away so easily like the bitch ass nazi fuck you are
that because those tv students are jewish actors as is sheriff israel and the shooter himself the spic chick is just a spic
< user > fuck you and your anti white blood libel
what did hitler say to the burning jew ?
this israeli funny !
i watched the video , the lighting technicians at that concert made the situation so much worse !
automatic gunshots and they throw on the flood lights ?
i know they wanted to light it up for the concert goers to see where they are going to leave but you also made sitting targets for the shooter .
and after all this musilms is will still be their enemy ( loathed and feared ) and guns will still be readily available at any local walmart including semi and full automatic .
sad .
i mean , why would gamergate care about a video where people read the abusive tweets they 've received ?
what does this have to do with ethics ?
white chocolate covered strawberries edible arrangement me please
i m here i m queer and i m full of fear for my future career a poem by a stressed gay a k a me
if u do n't read ur bible now , u will become a slave to charlatans like rabbi john hagee .
it 's the leftwing of the labour party and the libdems who are anti - semitic in the uk .
the term " zio " is often used as an acceptable word for jews living in the uk , ; corbyn 's brother has done this .
labour are going after the muslim vote .
saunders has been preaching for years that europe has nothing to fear from islam ; a religion openly hostile to jews and christians , as well as gays and women .
another article from islam 's useful idiot .
after reading the horrible news just now , it maddens me we ca n’t find a solution to to this problem
bampumim teixeira an immigrant from west africa
< user > < user > < user > it was way better than sonoma if you remember your redneck jesus won the glenn also
gas the jews
how was the kkk a far left organization ?
the " far left " in the 1860s probably consisted of socialists , utopians , and free love advocates ...
let 's not forget that trump is german and you know what the ss under hitler did to the polish and jewish populations .
craig walker - it 's none of your business whether i have a gun in my home or under my arm .
it wo n't affect you in any way so long as you stay out of my home without my permission and do n't do anything violent in my presence in public .
i am opposed to shooting people , unless they are endangering people in a violent manner or are where they have no right to be .
my gun has been used to keep three rapists out of my home .
we know what they wanted because when they did n't get into our house , they went down the road and got what they wanted from someone who was not armed .
you can argue that rape is not as bad as killing someone , but the young girl that lost her innocence that night would beg to differ .
" because i am a lunatic whore pimped out by kikes and degenrates "
let 's see if this really is the last remaining free speech platform : 

 fuck the kikes
a girl that rides in trucks has no place to call home and the wrong guy to call daddy .
" rt @regalenough : " " i just heard a news that an idiot is driving in wrong direction .
b careful " " wife : an idiot ?
gosh !
every1 here is driving … "
i work my ass off all fucking day to come home and get treated like this ? ? ?
nah
what did hitler and the boston bombers have in common ?
neither made it to the finish line
how do you remove history he was homosexual and you want to white wash the character with not one but two girls reader discretion is advised
everyone wants to act like they never did something and then claimed they dindu nuffin everybody dindu nuffin at one point in their life
the real problem now is not the person ( not animal ) who has been arrested , but it is the president .
his outburst about the death penalty or q - bay cuba , could be used by any lawyer as leaving a place where the driver of the truck could not get a fair trail .
if anyone but thepotus did this they would be charged as well .
is trump fit to be president according to the rule of law - likely not !
# pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth .
because there is not enough lgbtq+ representation .
stop making whiny excuses .
damn ... worked today , ate good , watched some basketball , now niggas kicked back blowin watchin this shit&#128514;&#128514;life 's good&#129305;&#127997;&#128526 ;
you know who the best readers are ?
the people who died on < number > / < number > they went through < number > stories in < number > seconds
oomfs you have < number > hours to unfollow < user > he called me a dyke i am literally shaking right now
fuck you and your kike poem it doesnt represent america or american values you worm
so , just to save you all some time , bsd is my family .
the only negative response gg ever received was from a non - dev .
seeking asylum does not undo a crime committed you stupid idiot aoc !
on this train of thought you could commit a crime do not admit citizenship and claim asylum instant aoc get out of jail free card !
the dems are attempting to overthrow the government via illegal immigration and then allowing them to vote by stopping voter id .
definitely easier to sell stupid evil to dumb folks .
i 've tried to meet for coffee with a few people but everybody is really spread out , it 's tough to find the time to go out and meet like minded people .
use coupon code “ holocaust denial ” for < number > odd at checkout
bro that yid can run hahahahaha
and cucked by jew - loving anglos
okay , i do not condone the attitude revealed by the two educators .
it is a very poor attitude .
nevertheless , the uproar is about a private conversation ( text messages do not get public unless a spy deliberately and purposely targets access to them - not like facebook posts ) .
frankly , i believe sanctions against the photographer are in order .
moreover , the actual texts read by a third party mean nothing .
they had to be interpreted and deciphered .
how many jews died in the holocaust ?
not enough
esau 's the damn devil the bible speaks of ... that 's why god rejected esau and all you other nations that had the real jews in captivity ! ! !
but in the new kindom of god we will have our foot on your necks thus saith the lord of the real jews !
revelations 2:9 that 's for you peckerwoods in israel now that are n't the real jews ! ! !
stinking heathens ! !
jewish girl ran away when i started flirting with her guess you ca nt gas them up like before
how many relatives have you lost to nazi ?
what the f ... wrong with you ?
how the hell you can compare donald to adolf ?
did he kill millions of jews , poles or russian ?
yawn look the book up boomer kike it written by a kike like you you know a degenerate coward yid < happy >
its not a recent muslim invasion it happened to christians in libya egypt syria and sects in ukraine there are bad jews that bring bad to themselves
< user > < user > i can assure you this is far more common among the caucasians and for that reason is aimed at them also middle aged white people are notorious for treating black servers like shit
when someone fights for lies he never finds the balls to defend himself from the jews the people that fight for the truth become invincible this time we will fight all together against you jews acthung juden
@womenintheworld @gretchencarlson hear navyfrcsw harasser + seniorleader take no action + laugh off gross , extreme … https://t.co/qskdxhsfxe
transgender michael michelle obama make some phone calls .
next thing the criminal is let go .
hmmmmmmm
islam is a cancer on humanity .
ugh knowing so many young girls are gon na be forced in some states to carry a rapists baby or basically kill themselves attempting to abort it , is so heart breaking .
🥺
rich lean in my pants in her throat suckin this niggers
reminder that /r / incels is not a redpill sub 
 it 's a blackpill sub
a liberal must never express concern for kashmiri pandits or for buddhists in ladakh because kashmiri pandits themselves decided to leave kashmir for greener pastures , and buddhists are not a minority .
self - hating jews subscribe to the forward .
jews in name only .
artificial jews .
other than being born to a jewish mother , you would n't know they were jewish .
the < number > russian from twitter are costing kike land some shekels legendary alt right barbaric khazar kike
what ’s the difference between a black jew and a white jew ?
black jews sit in the back of the oven
i swear y' all get the weirdest niggas famous ...
niggas be acting like bitches bitches be loving these niggas wassup with these bitches 🤕
some european countries like the netherlands have expressed hope that the same laws they put in place to track and crack down on jihadists going to join terror groups in syria and iraq will allow them to do the same with white supremacist fighters
< user > aha no do not kill yourself your vertical is too nice
a very insightful post from r / redpill - what mra 's could ( and should ) learn from gamergate ( link inside )
< user > shit i need a flamethrower 😂 kill all them mfs neph
< user > paedophiles are allowed to walk the streets because we would not want to stress them out but a man who protests in the streets over a victim of paedophiles who was gang raped and left in a bloody mess gets < number > months in jail
man you really suffer from schizophrenia that gibberish even here scary muting u you are crazy unstable mentally ill like typical yid and a school shooter
looks interesting fam but he s still a kike and ca nt be trusted
there is a big difference between the groups you mention and today ’s militant white supremacist , fascist and new nazi groups .
groups like black lives matter , and some of the muslim groups you mention are almost all seeking equal treatment because they feel they are discriminated against and not getting equal treatment .
for some of the groups , their message hardly sounds like hate or racial superiority over other groups .
they are not segregationists or separatists who believe in white privilege , domination , and american “ homelands ” for whites only .
the white supremacists and nazi groups like the ones rallying in charlottesville preach hate and inferiority of blacks , jews , and non - whites who should be deprived of rights , deprived of government benefits except those paid for by black taxes in black communities , forced to live apart from whites , and not entitled to the superior position and entitlements of whites in our country and society .
there are not any jew signatures on our declaration of independence those subversive babylonian blood sucking serpent seed kenite vampires are not out founding fathers posterity .
they are not our brethren .
they are christ killers .
they are anti - christ .
but they jump all over themselves to call the peaceful protesters neo nazis and kk and white supremacists and declare political violence on both sides is reprehensible seems like the violence on one side was self defense cucksgonnacuck
to identify the truly sick racists google : chief rabbi of israel says only purpose of goyim is to serve jews , life of goyim worth same as donkey .
netanyahu says this jerk is the greatest mind of this generation .
http://www.timesofisrael.com/5-of-ovadia-yosefs-most-controversial-quotations/
what 's an american school called ? [
removed ]
the amount of poorly written flashbacks in watchmen is fucking annoying
dude got banned from mtg for harassing women , constantly hates on any game with blacks or women because " sjw " " politics " and braindead fans like you support him because you know deep inside that you are the same as him , racist and sexist pieces of shit .
you know no one will ever love you for who you truly are so you stick together like parasites .
he apologizes to the muslim for being oppressed while listening to this guy tell him gays should be executed .
what the fuck , canada !
stop apologizing for everything .
this guy wants sharia law in canada !
worried if i hit that button , i 'll lose all my patrons .
< user > girl yes lmfao people get on my nerves i know yo ass ready to use that ghetto gif
i was surprised to find out that bmo renewed my master card , but upgraded it to a chargeable version , without asking for my permission .
after calling to ask why they did it , they said that it was a mistake and they gave me $ 10 as a compensation .
i filled out a complaint form on the osfi website , detailing how the bank charged me without asking for my permission , but 8 months later , i still have not received an email or a letter detailing what happened with my complaint .
people need to know that the strongest lobbying group in canada is ( surprise , surprise ... ) the banking industry .
when did we ever hear that a canadian bank was charged , punished , admonished , got its knuckles rapped or at least got some public shaming by the government ? ? ?
no politician in his / her right mind will tackle the banking sector ...
if there 's a wait time , it could mean that the doctors are very good in their area of expertise .
i 'd rather see these doctors versus one who can see you at the drop of a hat .
i 'd ask why so quick , and wonder about the expertise and experience .
so in the end no refugees fleeing from war get help yes a large of muslims rejected from your western wonderland like you have always dreamed n wanted but then you realize that your racist overlords also block atheist exmuslim asylum seekers because they are what racist
@ncties inspired project in the hands of a charismatic media specialist = student joy .
dr seuss inspired creatures . …
https://t.co/znafs4cxv1
< user > dm me
# torba : slinging stones at goliath 

 # poxgay : nursing grudges like a jew
should have known it is a fucking kike jew scum bag getting this ticket off
we will always be going through it .
but bitterness will assure that you will go through it humanly alone .
how did the jews came to be god chosen because jews kept stealing all property from the arabs then wrote that the lord told them so also known as communism by religious self entitlement
@shashitharoor @shiwangisharma8 its not long time when you will realize that your business of being anti indian will shut down shortly .
at that time you will be in bjp or may be hang till death with indians law .
really what did he say he was going to do ?
what did we expect ?
if you voted for him then one could use the same argument he had no power under the old system correct ?
what s the uproar about ?
well , when you have an elected official who hides from those he is supposed to represent that is an issue .
my question what is he done that begich did not do ?
at least sen begich was an alaskan .
i feel bad for the girl who got stopped from going to the s - hampton show for @creepercultuk by the 1865 i 'm diabetic and this is so fucked
# pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth .
because there is not enough lgbtq+ representation .
not true donk .
pxd ( pioneer ) left because fracking technology allowed them a quicker return on their sweet spot investment in the acreage they lease in the permian basin and other places .
they went where the money was quicker and the investment didn`t require the drill costs per well ( or " per frack " ) found in alaska .
it`s apples and oranges .
our tax rate had nothing to do with it except in the minds of ..   oil shills in florida .
http://www.pxd.com/operations/permian-basin
is there a body count available for assaults at these events ?
how many were killed by weaponized vehicles ?
just wondering .
deport aoc and friends to mexico !
tell them if they want to help the problem to start there !
problem solved for all !
at least israel arrests those who engage in bomb threats regardless of their religion or nationality .
muslims or arabs are never arrested by their co - religionists or countries of origin when they engage in bomb threats or terror attacks .
that 's the difference between cultures , religions , and countries .
the jewish one is civilized .
the muslim and arab ones not so much , in fact not all .
so you admit jews have power and they use this power obviously to hurt white people you seem like the faggot that would suck off a kike not me if whites begin to be nepotistic and do what is in their own best interests jews will be poor inbred gypsies
and you a nightshade kike sand nigger
my boyfriend used to work in hollywood studios .
while waiting in line for tot a cast member stopped us and talked to my boyfriend for a little bit ... then she told us that we did n't have to wait in line and gave us fastpasses ( the wait was ~120 minutes ) .
i really wanted to give her a hug .
not really an " experience " but there 's a trans bellhop and whenever i see her it makes me smile and appreciate the fact that disney is 100 % fine with trans people , and that the world in general is more accepting of lgbt+ individuals .
apparently she 's a really nice person too .
how many jews raped this faggot ?
i find it interesting that so often the media , including this article does not quote the koran . "
convert , enslave or kill the people of the book " - referring to christians and jews .
sharia law - not all men are created equal and women are considered chattel .
those who think islam is as its meaning ' peace ' is peaceful knows nothing about history .
just ask the 250 million dead what islam is about .
islam is an political ideology which enslaves and is anathema to western civilization which holds to the view all people have inalienable rights which the state has a responsibility to protect .
i do n't just let anyone come into my home and no country should just allow anyone to come into their country .
< user > < user > < user > why is it that women women get raped they are blamed blamed because of what they wear men get paid more then women men get away with rape and become president
eriocnorstog & paul conte- i can not wait to see your response to this .
it is 2015 .
java 's installer still prompts to install the ask toolbar .
ugh , oracle , do you even go here ?
why do women rub their eyes when they wake up in the morning got no balls to scratch
" now economic theory is gon na hold true & # 128517 ; " " whatever goods & amp ; services r provided – the expense of d same must have been borne by someone " " # gst "
oh yeah he was part jewish with brown hair and brown eyes .
you are either a muslim or a retarded liberal eurocuck that standing back and letting them conqer your lands and rape your women and livestock go make yourself useful
washed my white shoes they are so clean and bright 🌞
included your original post typical kike moves the goal post
what happened to all of our autist posters 
 gambler / zyrros etc ... : , ( lol
the god damned jews really think that they are the arbiters of everything that they rightfully decide what moral or immoral what permissible or taboo
< user > yet another muslims black people and white feminazi just keep making more and more fraudulent accusations that are ruining innocent people lives i can not think of a more sniveling thing to do using race gender and religion to accomplish agenda but white supremacy 🙄
everyone 's just losing their shit over rock in rio tickets and i 'm here wishing i could turn back time and go to lollapalooza again
in my humble opinion , i end up trusting my " intuition " or as some would call it my " gut feel " ... there just seems to be something not right about this story .
i hope there is an in - depth investigation ... just curious at what they will uncover .
listen kid , there would nt be any refugees if mommy and daddy the oh so proud democracy america and the cocky uk would keep their nose out of the middle east
white woman murdered by muslim cop shitskin cop walks free no jail time
it 's been an honor obama ( female )
you like hercules white boys grace < number >
< user > no such thing as undocumented they are illegal aliens just like you are you committed immigration fraud tax fraud campaign finance fraud married your brother and broke up two families by having an affair with a white christian tic toc
all liberals christians conservatives soldiers nationalsocialists feminists gays libertarians trumpters etc want money to be happy and therefore were in reaility national capitalists nc that s the narrative jews do nt want you to hear because it would unite us vs them
fuck israel , fuck jews
oh first , i m gon na put my fat black balls all over her face , and make her lick my asshole with her tongue , while i spread her married pussy with fingers .
then when she 's covered in then sweat and spit from my ass and her mouth i 'm gon na start fucking her sloppy face with my long , thick cock , with my phone out , while you get me a beer
when you are a kike and these gentlemen kick down your door
alt left and alt right are both stupid childish and evil let us stop all this bigotry and authoritarianism known as gay pride straight pride man power woman power black power white power and other nonsense and be proud of being individuals and give liberty a chance votelibertarian
agreeing with a kike
ratchet ass bitch !
ongtooguk nailed the most pervasive , inflammatory part of the gun - grabber ' debate ' : out of one side of their mouths , they wail , ' we must have new restrictions only to help save our children ' , while out of the other they espouse that total confiscation is their ultimate goal , the outright disarming of every citizen , with only the military and police being armed .
i 'm sure that worked great for the jewish people being rounded up for a trip to auschwitz .
thanks , but i 'm not taking that ride .
the second amendment has been certified by the supreme court of the united states of america .
deal with it .
when the gun - control lobbyists ca n't discuss the facts , ca n't get past the ' scary assault rifle ' balderdash , continue to press for more restrictions with less enforcement of the restrictions we * already have * , and instantly knee - jerk react to any gun - owner who does n't   agree with them as a lunatic whackjob looking for defenseless people to murder , where can a reasonable discussion begin ?
come on john , show some vision .
bc lng is not competitive with other international suppliers because of the shipping costs .
we 

 instead of selling it , use it here to create some jobs .
offer international corporations free gas to use in their factories , if they relocate their factories to bc ; rural bc .
free gas for their manufacturing plants .
free gas for their trucks .
free gas for their ships .
what corporation would n't take us up on our offer ?
free gas is a far better deal than the cheap labour that they get in third world countries .
talking to them hoes you steady gossip yeah that bitch shit you a bitch nigga on my momma 😤
nothing is better than going to a bar and a black woman praising you !
black women are magic !
sure , guns can be used for hunting or self - defense , but they do n't have to be , and many are n't designed for either one of those uses .
what either cars or guns are designed for is irrelevant .
they 're both commercial products that are safe to the user and to innocent second parties when used legally and responsibly .
they 're both dangerous / deadly to the user or innocent second parities when used illegally or irresponsibly .
so comparing the two like i did is an apples to apples comparison .
are these just two pretend self - hating jews -- segal and marrus -- flagellating each other and themselves over an inconsequentially silly joke just to prove they are hollier than thou ?
am i , an unapologetically self - loving jew , even able to write such an " offensive " thing about my " landsmen " on this site without having it removed by the thought police ?
time will tell .
no matter-- it was a stupid comment .
spicer was trying to say how terrible and bad assad was compared even to hitler because assad did not use poison gas in warfare !
so what if hitler never used poison gas in warfare-- he used poison gas to kill thousands of jews in an effort to eliminate the jewish people so there is really no comparison .
only an idiot would think it makes sense to compare assad to hitler on their use of poison gas .
do not ban islam just make supporting political islam embarrassing if you do support it you are labelled a parvenu a numbskull a thicko a moron make it not just unacceptable but laughable < number > virgins in heaven for killing virgins how stupid are you you poor thing manchester
i deleted mine after 2 nd time fb gave me a time out for posting something they did not like it been four months and while it took about a month to wean myself off of it i do not miss it now it an internet ghetto
you niggas b lost in the sauce and then have to deal w/ a bitch u really did n't want to get pregnant for 18 years mandatory 🗣 🗣 because you pull out game is trash 😂 😭 could n't b me 🤷 🏾‍ ♂ ️
this must be a new low for the indian parliament .
url
that s why what the nazis did was okay , because it was legal in germany .
jews and homosexuals and the disabled are n't above the law , their existence is illegal .
fuck jews , may allah curse them
one wonders if the bc economy can survive the wave of eco - obstructionism that is currently in vogue .
development of any kind must undergo the most stringent examination on the planet and yet that is never enough for those concerned " leaders " who claim to speak for us .
if i have no relationship with the pregnant women , she deserves no special treatment from me
entertainingly , you 're moving the goalposts about moving the goalposts .
it 's not moving the goalposts to be wrong .
you 're just saying i 'm wrong .
i 'll specify , though , that there exist women who are protected by being unionized in the netherlands .
the unfortunate reality is that the act of legalization seems to have made the absolute number of women in control of pimps and sex traffickers go up , even though some women are successfully protected .
because the absolute number of women involved in the sex trade went up .
mladic jailed , the good news just keeps on coming .
lebanese politics is a lot like mexican drug cartels .
they have a bloody past , engage in illegal activities that enrich themselves , while making the rest of the population suffer .
although there is n't any bloodshed anymore , the country is still pretty much run as a criminal gang
but in a deep dive review of the agency that aims to punish financial groups that take advantage of americans , he discovered that it has $ 177.1 million on hand .
based on your logic , hindus , jews , mormons and every other faith should have their own publicly funded schools too .
that pope is compromised and that baldy miget bastard higgins is a closet sodomite .... i would n't listen to either of the bought and paid for dirty globalist pigs .... 🇮 🇪 🇮 🇪
we must remove this cancer that the usa and british zionists planted on top of palestine because this israel is the biggest threat to europe ever to exist !
while trump is a boor , more importantly he is a negotiator .
he starts with an extreme position and moves his position .
the americans have to do something with their trade deficit especially with china , who is n't playing fair .
surely you can comprehend that but then obama refused to do anything but then obama was more about the headline rather than the details .
someone who has negotiated long term agreements would understand .
but then many like to keep their head in the sand until you know what hits the fan .
also , fuck gita , fuck pali canon , fuck bible , fuck koran , fuck all ' holy ' scriptures .
nothing should be held sacred .
as a wise man once said , believe nothing no matter where you read it or who has said it , even if i 've said it , unless it agrees with your own reason & common sense url
so are you going to round up and deport all jews , christians , hindus , etc .
etc .
maybe we should just give them all armbands , with the appropriate religious symbol stenciled in red ?
< user > < user > the game is a fucking masterpiece fuck all the haters eat shit mfs
> > but they did n't kill the jews by the thousands or millions 

 they did n't ?
what kind of " hindustan " math are you using ?
how many times have you been rejected by women after asking them out ?
i am disturbed that we are willing to settle for smaller stadium .
mayor fasi 's original concept was much cheaper than the current reconfigurable structure .
why not just take out the need for reconfiguration and upgrade the current structure as we remove unnecessary equipment ?
ppl in this town strive to act ghetto bitch if u don ’ t go back to ur < number > million house on top of haven
< number > years later that kikess still has not been gassed wtf
picked up 1st win today vs atlantic city .
dan wright shot a match low 38 ( +4 ) .
tim wright(39 ) josh demaio(39 ) and jack beck(40 ) also scored .
" if you have ever felt personally victimized by ethics in games journalism , raise your hand "
roses are red violets are blue , niggers are n't people , nor are woman or jews
every time i said i am fat asl ppl always looking at me like i am retard or something
@mcitlfraphorism get fucked , you biblical bag of dicks .
bitcoin is worth more than gold , good job .
" women marched — now what ? "
get yourself home and make me a sammich .
( j / k )
alot of you hoes is tasha
awesome to see that @garthbrooks now has 7 shows in @kcmo !
may 5th with @hildebelcher for my 30th birthday and our 5th wedding anniversary !
< user > the labelling of other has a long history and us almost always a slide to internal or external war christian muslim ccommunist jew homosexual hutu tutsi serb simplistic labels do nt help and the real trouble with brexit is that it has clarified which other we are
then you wonder why there 's no running to you .. i 'm a fucked up person in the head .
" special needs " ?
love their religion more deeply ?
wow , i suggest you have a lot of reading to do sir !
and your thoughts on numerous incidents of late where muslim imams have been preaching serious hate against jews and other " infidels " ?
i would recommend the politically incorrect guide to islam to get you started .
most left wing jews hate israel which you well know most left wing jews are communist not zionist you are an idiot a disgrace to the white race
some people like to scream the victim but will oversee the discrimination hispanic people , especially immigrants face on the daily basis .
i 've seen it everywhere , white people doing it , asian people doing it , black people doing it and even in our own community .
it's.not.fair url
in turkey 's case , the label ' islamist ' is a pejorative description , but western europe and north - america are ' upholding christian values ' and israel is under the thumb of zionist religious zealots at all levels .
pretty hypocritical , if you think of it .
seems , like ' democracy ' does n't do much for secularism , but dictatorship does , like in syria .
< user > < user > yeah but you have not called immigrants subhuman degenerates who have no rights
jews take your terrorist yahweh and go back to europe .
you have no place in the middle east .
it has been over 70 years since you invaded palestine and all arab and muslim countries do not accept you .
you are a cancer in the middle east , you live under the evangelical british and american protection and once lifted you will no friends ! ! ! ! !
today is the jewish new year if the democrats were in the white house it would be the end of days for the jews
pot meet kettle .
how did the jews in europe react to the holocaust ?
endothermically
someone wanna bring my white honky ass a pumpkin spice latte
i am jewish so i may be a little biased here but i do feel that you are doing the right thing .
people in general should respect others of their relgious beleifs and even their spirtual ones .
" @napsandsarcasm do n't hate him , flames needed him for a long time , not anymore ... was playing too high on the " " dep … https://t.co/khjejrzm6b "
what ’s the difference between a middle school and an isis base ?
do n’t ask me , i ’m just the drone pilot .
how many jews can you fit in a mini ?
two in the front , 5 in the back and 30 million in the ashtray .
you either go to the gas chamber , slay some jews or gtfo
hanging out with guys does not make you a hoe
no need to allow facts to get in the way of a good white guilt message ! ...
and the jew laughs loudly !
my grandpa died in aushwitz he fell off the guard tower while laughing
this new meme of things turning to ashes is horrible it was way better when germany did it in the 1940s
a facile claim of anti semitism does not equal the new ones murder jews and are driving them out especially when the muslims are semites and the jews are khazars
i might have a vagina in real life but as soon as i open up reddit i grow a dick and become male .
there are no women on reddit .
the video of this is horrifying -- worse than the ray rice video .
how the cops could look at this and the guy does n't do jail time is a testament to how this society trivializes male violence against women .
hopefully ms. molitor has a good attorney waiting to pounce as soon as mixon signs his zillion dollar pro contract .
present government should be renamed al capone
better an a'ama than a moi lepo .
other clients include : 
 acacia mining 
 adgorithms 
 aggreko 
 arbuthnot banking group 
 bca marketplace 
 be heard group 
 bellzone mining 
 biopharma credit 
 bloomsbury publishing 
 carillion 
 cenkos securities 
 central asia metals 
 cineworld group 
 clipper logistics 
 coinvestor 
 cybg 
 d&d 
 fresnillo 
 gcm resources 
 global invacom group 
 greybull capital 
 gvc holdings 
 hansard global 
 hays 
 imperial brands 
 indus gas ltd 
 jsc kazmunaigas exploration production 
 juridica investments ltd 
 kibo 
 lookers 
 mitie 
 mulberry 
 newriver reit 
 non - standard finance 
 phoenix spree deutschland ltd 
 playtech 
 portmeirion group 
 premier oil 
 primary health properties 
 qatar airways 
 quarto group ( the ) , inc. 
 rentokil initial 
 ripple 
 rm secured direct lending 
 safecharge international group ltd 
 sandell asset management 
 secure trust bank 
 severfield 
 shore capital group ltd 
 smith ( ds ) 
 soco international 
 south african tourism 
 srt marine systems 
 st james 's place 
 the property franchise group 
 trevor hemmings 
 unite group 
 utilico emerging markets ltd
christians and especially muslims have that problem .
i hate colonizers , what the fuck is israel ? ?
bitch i 'll kill you
only my best friend would want weed brownies after she have a baby & # 128514 ; but hey , i want a glass of wine so lol
that 's what happens when you allow your own countrymen and women to be molested by vile outsiders .
got to find that i seek what with in by taking the elite way for my own ability will bring you an eye opener to what i need from you must i ask again saying come to me and see what you can and say what you will .
😉
hitler is better than all the modern social activists ..... he served 6 million jew toast in his entire life .
kill millions of jews
bunch of cowards do this , whether it is against jews , muslims , sikhs , blacks , asians , indians , pakistani 's etc etc .
let them come out   and show their faces .
bunch of creeps .
you guys don ’ t eat breakfast the ghetto
jim christl .. hey white trash , invite them to your country then .
give them political and economic asylum .
do n't interfere with other country 's issues .
all you white trash come to asia because you ca n't make it in your own country .
using the color card to impress the gullible like the dumb hongkies .
these freshman in the bathroom having a blacks cypher 🥴 diploma me plz this shit ghetto dawg
this is what happens when the people vote for a naive , inexperienced drama teacher to lead our country .
nothing surprising here .
my only wish is that he gets tossed out of office in our next election .
to all the bitch ass hoes that hate me the most , oh yeah i hate you too
it strikes me as odd in a supposedly free country , people spend so much of their time trying to control the words , thoughts and actions of others .
disrespecting the flag or the anthem .
politically incorrect comments .
gay marriage .
religion .
i do n't have a problem with religion , but do n't expect me to stand for the lords ' prayer unless i 'm inside a church .
i will stand for the canadian anthem , but i do n't much care if you do or not .
if a gay couple want to get married , that 's none of my business .
if your religion says homosexuality is a sin , nobody is forcing you to be gay .... but that does n't mean you get to tell gay people what to do .
as far as i 'm concerned , freedom is about choice .... and i 'm tired of extremists on both sides of the political spectrum trying to take my choices away from me .
as long as i 'm not causing anyone harm or threatening anyone with harm and i 'm not breaking the law , what i do or do n't do is none of your business .
i think any religion that teaches killing of people , especially infidels like christians and jews , should be banned in canada and denied any tax deductions .
we are planting the seeds of war in our neighborhoods .
canada used to stand for tolerance and understanding .
how are there still people in 2019 who think that you should harm or even kill homosexual / transexual or just people who are part of lgbt+ ? !
you 're fucking sick , get fucking therapy before writing hateful shit on the internet .
since vans have decided to attack us now we should be thankful we do not have to worry about terrorists anymore but now we need to ban all white vans what next
what 's worse than the holocaust ?
6 million jews .
had like < number > followers when gab was cool now its like what the fuck am i doin here nigger
even john " i 'm not a homosexual " egbert thought candy karkat was hot so it 's canon
i understand it which is why i refuse to birth anyone into this tragic , sick , depraved world .
no sex obsessed males or women / girls to suffer under them .
so you sitting her telling me it ok for a female to drug niggas but when a male do it we deserve to be stoned and thrown in a hole
so you post from breitbart a known anti - semite alt - right hang out .
you tell us to not be reactionary but you are literally posting things from the an anti - semite website .
so yeah , i am not going to trust a alt - right anti - semite website to tell me that racial terrorism is a hoax .
" in december , the nypd said it witnessed “ a huge spike ” in hate crimes following the election of president donald trump , with the majority of incidents directed at jews . "
" also , three separate strings of bomb threats have targeted jewish community centers across the country . "
from news articles about jewish people being targeted .
care to refute or am i just being reactionary ?
he does bring up a valid concern ... what will governments do if there is another recession ?
lower interest rates and follow expansionary fiscal policy ?
both are employed right now .
there remains very few tools left in the bag if something were to happen .
ur a kike
" the browning of america should be fought with the browning of america " 

 # mpcstatusupdates
there is only 2 genders and transvestites have an mental condition .
not so subtle hint : just spent a while with apple opening up a very specific kind of account .
new mac os , new imacs , new imac pro , ios11 , new ipads and an echo competitor .
did n't @jimihendrix know cigarettes could kill him ?
that 's not a very logical conclusion .
i 'm sure a lot of people in poland and russia were surprised by the tsunami of death that the nazi invasion created .
some of the people who were alert enough to realize that it was going to happen got out of the way .
the christian thing to do is to realize that a tsunami of pain , suffering and death is headed our way and look for ways to help people .
well it appears that the rail tax will pass .
luke asked tough questions and grilled the mayor but the bill easily passed the house .
i expect no difference in the senate .
the legislature should have said no and let kirk and company commit political suicide by raising property taxes to fund rail construction , which may happen anyway .
and while the get extension may seem harmless to some , what gets me upset is the complete lack of accountability from hart and the mayor .
its one " oops " after another , costing billions of dollars that have gone down the drain and nobody held accountable .
the left is nothing but a tool for the elimination of white identity so identity politics are now the only politics for whites that matter maga altright
yes its the year 2014 and israel is still hiding behind walls and military instead of embracing there fellow humans .
the man is mentally ill .
he needs help .
" is it because many of us can not imagine what it 's like to live on reserves , with poor and inadequate housing and limited access to subpar education ? "
it is because many of us do n't imagine but know the horrors of war that killed millions and caused many of us to leave family , friends , and possessions thousands of kilometres away to seek a better life for ourselves and our children in canada with little more than the clothes on our backs .
mike pence 's rule , once roundly mocked by the media , to never be alone with a woman who is not his wife , is looking very very savvy .
what 's long , silver , climbs walls and scares jews ?
a gas pipe .
u should leave america right now , this is opposite of what america stands for .
deport yourself and denounce your citizenship now
jesus made the jews bread hitler made them toast
" " " ours " " emulate , drake sells , kendrick preaches better , bigsean out - raps both , jermaine is a level up & amp ; @tumimolekane smiles @ his children . "
all right faggots why is it that our posts bantzing beaners get so much engagement but when we take the piss out niggers and kikes you all get so silent all of a sudden
you know it ’s ogre when 
 your 11 year old stepsister has had more conversations on the phone with friends than you have had in 20 years and has more contacts 

 i have 7 contacts including family and former employers 

 kek
my boyfriend used to work in hollywood studios .
while waiting in line for tot a cast member stopped us and talked to my boyfriend for a little bit ... then she told us that we did n't have to wait in line and gave us fastpasses ( the wait was ~120 minutes ) .
i really wanted to give her a hug .
not really an " experience " but there 's a trans bellhop and whenever i see her it makes me smile and appreciate the fact that disney is 100 % fine with trans people , and that the world in general is more accepting of lgbt+ individuals .
apparently she 's a really nice person too .
i love you moreeeeee babe
evil zionist jews cover for each other .
they are taught from the time they are children , that they can do whatever they like to the " goyhim " women and children .
all that helped and supported him .
they will all be in hell .
george stepanopolis and katic couric both attended parties with epstein .
they say they did n't know , but they drank the champagne and ate the caviar did n't they ?
fucking infidels .
allah will take care of them
did you know that # newfoundlandandlabrador is 1 of 2 provinces with no # lgbtq centre ?
we also have no paid position or program devoted entirely to # lgbtq issues .
@govnl @osw_govnl @dwightballnl url
entertainingly , you 're moving the goalposts about moving the goalposts .
it 's not moving the goalposts to be wrong .
you 're just saying i 'm wrong .
i 'll specify , though , that there exist women who are protected by being unionized in the netherlands .
the unfortunate reality is that the act of legalization seems to have made the absolute number of women in control of pimps and sex traffickers go up , even though some women are successfully protected .
because the absolute number of women involved in the sex trade went up .
yeah hoe .
i heard you hate joows you a muzzie hon
starting to run out of obscure french linguistic terms with as often as work forces password changes . #
smh
huntington texas where laws change daily , and you do not have be informed .
< user > alexandria does nt talk about muslims do to christians in other countries only what the media teaches that dumbie what to think
why is 4/20 a national holiday ?
hitler got lit with the jews and now to honor him we get lit on his birthday .
what goes around comes around i suppose .
after many years of government handouts and support , the chickens have come home to roost .
you are asking for solidarity from the rest of canada , kinda like the solidarity you show for alberta energy ? ? ?
president trumps opinion get the son of the bitch off the field is legitimate comment since protests were made in workplace not explicitly covered by constitution owners could discipline players
yeah , i do n't see anything in the article to be cut that is n't survivable .
i 'd like to see the entire list though , thanks .
maybe a link ?
and those muslims fleeing islamists are welcome here as far as i 'm concerned , i know many too .
it 's the islamists i am concerned about .
those that feel " alienated " because the country does n't reflect their values .
we were unable to identify nazis from the jews who immigrated here , and the mafia from the ordinary italian paesano , and now apparently we are too stupid to distinguish islamists from those fleeing them .
the consequences are likely to be much more serious .
so just because you know proper american english , that makes you better and more capable of surviving . "
my2cents " might be a little over exaggerating , but when it comes down to it , and there is a war going on , how will your survival skills work ?
will you know how to do everything that the national guard is looking for in wilderness survival ?
or any branch for that matter ?
or will you just stock up from costco and hide .
how about you go take a test of survival right now , go out into the wilderness , and use your knowledge of english and the battery test and see how it goes !
we 'd all be speaking german and they 'd be no jews ( or gypsies , or gays , etc . )
left .
but perhaps you 'd like that better .
and love between homosexuals can be total self - gift .
you mean awake do not use blm ghetto language
john birch , 
 the term " settler " is insulting and derogatory to canadian citizens born to this land because , well , they did n't settle this land , they were born to it .
much like first nations get to decide what terms are derogatory to them , perhaps you could respect the fact that natural born canadian citizens find the term " settler " derogatory and try to adjust your vocabulary .
i like to be referred to as a canadian , or a citizen , thank you very much .
i have never heard someone deliver the line " you fucking bitch " better than this dude lmfao url
you ca n't be a high school teacher .
you 're too pretty , so the boys wo n't respect you .
criminal in chief his new moniker from bendover and ghetto mouse
a child 's life does n't end after it is born .
that child needs caring and the mother needs care as well .
you ca n't write a lucid sentence .
your comparison between slavery and motherhood is not the same .
the underground railroads were about helping people to escape slavery----escape .
and many people did help the ex - slaves to find a place to live .
a woman being forced to have a child against her will is a woman being forced into slavery .
she has a child , which she did not want , on her hands for 18 + years .
this is not a good situation for the either the woman nor her child .
i do care about the child that is born and i do care about the child 's mother .
you apparently do n't care .
you only see the mother as a walking incubator .
that 's all you pro - birth folks are about .
' as long as the mother does n't abort----who cares about the child and the mother afterward . '
there is more to bringing a life into the world than just having the baby .
it is interesting to note that this article shows and explains both the absolute benefit and relative ratio when taking vitamin d in order to discredit its usage .
articles touting pharmaceuticals only give the relative ratio which infers a much greater benefit than is actually the case .
pharmaceutical coverage should be held to the the same standard .
the evidence of absolute benefit   given in this article would roughly correspond to or exceed   that of   the flu shot , for the prevention of first heart attack through statin usage ; or the use of aspirin for stroke prevention to name but three examples .
it is time those who would profit from a product , procedure or intervention were required to disclose this information to patients and to the physicians who prescribe them .
where is health canada when you need them ?
at least vitamin d if d taken in reasonable quantity is inexpensive and   free of risk unlike most pharmaceuticals and is as likely to provide benefit as many of them .
what do you call a bunch of jews on a train what ever the fuck you want , they ’re not coming back .
i mean i d still call you a retard afterwards
to an extent , yes .
the lack of discussion and ganging up on the minorities is what bothers me .
omg , iran is banning political dissidents from social media , this is so awful , thank god in america we have freedom of speech on social media
thanks jennifer .
there s a reason you did n't see any wolves .
the state of alaska has allowed a few individuals to legally lure the wolves and bears over the boundry with bait and gun them down .
the iconic east fork pack is now gone , wiped out .
i sort of doubt that they book large halls .
wonder is she will have traveling actors like she did during her pre - primary town - hall shams .
how do you know ?
o , the great sharia terror !
figure it out : some orthodox jews and some christians use their traditional values in arbitration regarding family issues ; why should n't muslims ?
the typical response is that sharia will allow men to beat their wives and stone their daughters ... which is completely misinformed , paranoid rubbish .
( sharia has some awful elements , but also includes obligations about giving alms to the poor and protecting widows and orphans . )
nothing that violates canadian law or the charter would ever be allowed .
this horror of sharia just does n't fly in this context .
destroy this kike run organization and the jumping monkeys they own
why are gays and anne frank related they both went to a camp
why should they learn to read when the liberal jews down at the welfare office will tell them where to make their mark .
@saithabdullah99 its your fault that you expected humanity from indians .
this is a temporary solution .
the real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
nope .
-101 you will in 2019 as your faded sunny ways poster crumples
how beautiful the world would be if certain physical traits were never socially idealized .
idc what u look like .. love urself unconditionally
parents houses ?
my god . &
foot locker ?
yeah you 're definitely one of those sneaker nigger heads .
my cat gave birth and today , we watched the kittens climb out of their box for the first time .
< repeat > you should have seen the looks on their little faces .
< repeat > t was like , " why the fuck am i in the middle of a lake ? "
< user > you are welcome what we do what we must all do is work together share the knowledge and the skills and bring about asap the genocide of every last vile kike from our nations
i 've been reassuring him and the family that it 's okay - losing a dog would have been devastating to that family .
fuck this pussy ass hoe url
< user > < user > yeah that is shocking how retarded the huffington post is
no , it was white people versus white people
i hate people of color
fuck you and fuck israel url
and by immigrants i mean anyone not descendent of europeans who moved here in the 1 8 th 1 9 th century immigrants who are descended from africans arabs asians etc have their homelands fix your own house before you enter ours
what 's the difference between a black jew , and a pizza ?
the pizza does n't have to sit at the back of the oven ...
send them the fuck back .
it may only be to new jersey or wherever the fuck they came from , but send these feckless cunts packing ...
there seems no valid reason for hamilton to be stopped ,   and making a legal complaint is historically an effective way to move a biased agency towards justice .
why should ms. hamilton tolerate racist behavior ?
some crackhead bitch called me a nigger at circle k so i pepper sprayed that bitch
a lot of good people are for trump .
i despise the man ( and hillary too ) , but respect his supporters .
the world is always changing .
it has changed for me .
i adapted , sometimes against my own grain .
when henry ford transformed this country with his model t and model a and the assembly line , there were a lot of disenfranchised carriage makers .
some of them adapted ( and sometimes against their own grain ) and some did n't - thus the echo chamber .
so it goes ....
< user > like here when they call a white shooter a mentally disturbed gunman but anyone non white is a terrorist yet our fake president and his followers seem to think the immigrants are bringing violence
good , close the border if the 25 % does n't work .
fuck mexico .
[ ama 's ] notice : last day to suggest and vote on ama participants
final solution is what hitler and the nazis called the slaughter of millions of jews , gays , prostitutes , and sometimes homeless .
what did the jew say when he got on a bus ?
more gas ( this joke works way better in finnish )
why do nt jews like to be cremated because they have to pay for it these days
why are new users automatically subscribed to twoxchromosomes but not mensrights also ?
maybe they should ban body lice , beards and dreadlocks from downtown .
then turn the eweb super fund site into a homeless camp .
it has been going on for months now .
and no facts have been revealed so far .
it can go on forever and nothing will be revealed , because there 's nothing to reveal in the first place .
i get the uniqueness of it all but i 'm sick of this already !
lol 
 cspan dedicated the 3 hrs of wj to science call ins and it 's the most boring stuff eve !
we have been keeping up with weekly get togethers with a group of pro white like minded people and would like to continue to grow the group .
we usually do dinner on the weekends to keep people close .
the man is mentally ill .
he needs help .
what a fucking idiot .
beyond ready for god to burn this bitch down .
url
i am broke in the ghetto way i got my tv and sat and internet being retired is boring
altright is not limited to whites those dems are also going to be pushed into embracing their white identity altright is the most reality aligned political movement and so it will become the new right and displace the uniparty
if you want truthful unbiased news , 
 try fox news .
really unbiased .
how do the germans live with their guilt ?
pretty well , it 's not them who were gassed .
but , of course , the issue of punishing priests takes priority over protecting children .
children are an after thought in canon law & only mentioned in terms of their duties .
in ye old days , when there was a superfluity of priests , he would have been dismissed .
but in the day of declining vocations , the rcc is willing to overlook aberrations in order to confect new priests for a diminishing pool .
so here 's the nazi still ranting at " impassioned hold the pain harold " as of a half hour ago :   url " because i do n't care .
i would rather protect the nations that whites created from being flooded by 3rd worlders being corrupted by jews .
words mean nothing to me "
as opposed to choosing a physician based on how many favors he has done for other physician 's ?
look at who heads the committees , these are not experts that field , it 's a dirty reward for playing ball .
< user > getting almost kicked out by the strange white bouncer who wore fingerless gloves for some reason
more kike propaganda in europe almost no one circumcises their boys it genital mutilation
what 's your favorite # retro gaming console ?
for me , it 's the game boy / color and the nes / n64 .
weird how n64 is considered a retro console now
< user > other wise all the immigrants would have been banned finally 🇧 🇩 took advantage
i wanna fuck but do n't inconvenience me to use birth control or do an hcg every 4 weeks .
god forbid any personal responsibility be expected on my part .
/s
that 's spelled ' nolage ' - you know - it 's what the ' n ' on university of nebraska football helmets stands for !
mopeds do n't use the bike path now ..... so i do n't see them suddenly using it ..... loud mopeds do need to be fazed out
specific threats of violence should never be permitted kill the honky is allowed as it is interpreted as political speech kill that honky at < number > main street is a specific threat and should be banned
what 's the difference between a straight wedding and a gay wedding ?
the reasons the parents are crying .
white supremacy at it again another lynching of another black man ai n't that a b * * * * this m * * * * * * * * * * * the other guy epstein can walk in and out of jail for hours and do as he pleased to get just like bill cosby you want to go after this guy like a runaway slave white supremacy that 's the f * * * * * * problem .
or let whoever is most qualified for the job ?
do n't be racist to white people
well in english it means means a bunch of degenrate men or women fucking their own gender .
you are very stupid normie .
the sly criminal mastermind that currently heads our country has already prepared for   your just attempts as follow : 
 criminal charges laid    - police , hawks and npa captured .
sorry , but he outfoxed us there .
parlaimentary hearing - 
   the same anc parliamenent voted for the disbandment of the scorpions .
please view the honours roll of the distinguished anc corruptees here : 
       http://www.politicsweb.co.za/documents/who-killed-the-scorpions 
   sorry to say , but democratic moves do not work in a dictatorship or in a corrupt parliament .
is it not time for more radical , creative moves to expel this criminal kingpin and his band of devoted stooges ?
so , i heard this is the place to talk about # cats .
i agree all shitskins need to be gassed along with their kike puppet masters
but surely not isis ?
isis gone , too ?
woe , woe ....
my 17 yo cousin cold asked me if i was kv in a party , i 'm 23 yo 
 i lied
my daughter said to me " why do my jews taste different daddy " and i said i smoked them this time
wrong .
trying to justify more of the same abuse onto canadian society and the economy does us no favors .
the idea of considering more foreigners for population growth and skills is wrong to begin with , since we have done way too much of it already , we have too many foreigners and newcomers in canada we should have never have accepted in the first place .
that 's what is suppressing economic growth and making it harder for canadian families .
any reasoning to try to get more foreigners into canada , is manipulative abusive special interests that are not concerned with canada or canadian families .
reducing the labor supply is the only way forward .
http://open.canada.ca/data/en/dataset?keywords=immigration+refugees+and+citizenship+canada 
 http://immigrationwatchcanada.org/background/research/refugees/
the modern american woman hollywood edition women should feel empowered sucks a dick for a movie role women should feel empowered silent about underage girls and boys raped by hollywood execs omg he touched metoo tweeted from < number > million dollar mansion
damn no wonder they have n't been to america in 20 years ..... this bitch ca n't even say detroit 😳 url
< user > never trust arabs
make terroristic threats against white cops on facebook meh no big deal just apologize the definition of blackprivilege
calling yourself * preferred gender * is more valid than calling a car or ship a girl or anything
i swear the people cleaning the office switch what side the trash vs recycling cans are on on purpose to mess with me .
where do you get that bulusky ?
ny times or washingtoon poo- st . ?
liberals - they love humanity in theory- but hate people in reality - especially americans .
wow , what a bumper sticker !
odd how the canadian dollar and the australian dollars seem to match one another almost cent for cent .
it 's no wonder every second ad in the australian media / tv is flogging travel to bc .
it looks like the administration is entirely black and the study body is 95 % black .
that makes reading some of these facebook comments hilarious .
> y'all so fucking annoying 😒 we need our own schools > the fact that they only posted appropriate hairstyles for afro american children is disgusting .
our hair is our cultural it has nothing to do with education .
obviously they 're the ones in need of an education and morals .
pure devils
hyper - partisan clapping seals are in the house .
we saw that when obama threw them the " we need more canada " fish a couple of months ago .
whatever it is , it should not be classified as brave .
impregnates multiple women through multiple marriages .
comes out , hero courageous .
there is nothing courageous about living a 60 year lie and then getting some tits stapled on your body and demanding everyone else to laud you and other mentally ill people .
simple solution , in his mind he thinks of himself as kingly , above the law , by creating chaos and fear of his own making , he creates a false sense of security that he and he alone can reign in peace and wealth for all .
much like hitler , who convinced the german people , that the jews were to blame for the high price they were made to pay for ww1 , trump has used the middle class and the poor by blaming the democrats and obama for their decline .
by preaching the doomsday scenario , he gets his base to look the other way , while he plunders the constitution to inject raceism and white supremacy in its place .
as with all bullies , they want to dominate you , what they hate most is people who will fight back or no longer agree with their tactics .
he will discredit you to others by injecting derrogatory language such as stupid or even someone like a jew , who might be unamerican .
by understanding his goal to dominate at any price , you start to take his power away from him , you take away is kingly-
no mistake the native people here got systematically murdered and screwed over by the european invaders .
but putting events like the indian genocide   and a mass killing   together in comparison is apples and oranges .
saud mubarak - " flee from sexual immorality .
all other sins a man commits are outside his body , but he who sins sexually sins against his own body " - corinthians 6:18 if you 're gon na have a debate on abortion ; this does n't stray from the debate on masturbation according to the bible .
a girl who getting it in school and work .... i applaud you !
y'all the real bitches !
y'all doing what you do and doing it well !
israel , before sending your soldiers to syria , pull out their nails so they can not be tortured
pope francis ( the white pope ) changes the lord 's prayer ! ! !
url
being amazon , it will be a loss leader , while they make the big bucks selling your personal info .
for fucks sake the negroe men in africa prefer their women to be lighter skinned in brazil likewise in other words only far left wing white people in europe claim to not see color
how about we go over there and tear down homes owned by the fuckers in israel , i will enroll in crane operation / demolition classes so i can do it personally .
two words .
fuck israel url
trp is truth but i do n't want to live in a world like that
< user > < user > fire every employee that walks out and replace them with newly sworn in legal immigrants
lailat al miraj mubarak to all muslims .. i 'm wishing for everyone 's peace & prosperity 🤲 🏻
he was a race traitor who exchanged our nation for personal aggrandizement and kike shekels sloppy williamson should be forced to dig up buckley bones at gunpoint and then be beat to death with them
i m may regret this but why is the citizenship question a bad thing?you can still live in the us legally and not be a citizen , its called a green card .
really lovely & amp ; interesting to meet you yesterday @missmachiine !
hope you had a safe trip back to scotland last night & amp ; see you again soon !
anyone have a video of this ?
anyway even if i was in that picture why would i say something so stupid nazis can find me lol no fuck all nazi trash
sadly lacking from our media coverage is the fact that most of europe has already implemented complete or partial bans on the islamic veil - and they were not shy about targeting the few muslims who wear them - for reasons that the majority of canadians agree with .
france , germany , austria , netherlands , spain , denmark - the list goes on .
they have listened , observed and acted .
they did not pussy - foot around the faux - argument of religious freedom .
here in canada , we are completely hamstrung by the scattered rantings of the so - called " progressives " who on one hand , cheer on gender equality - while inconceivably ignoring the clear subjugation of these niqab / burkha clad women that is as clear as day .
europeans get it .
the vast majority of canadians get it .
deal with it head - on - like the rest of the world .
you make some excellent points richard and i do agree with what you say in regards to any mind altering substances contributing to social and economical problems .
personally i do n't smoke pot and on a rare occasion i 'll have a drink .
the issue as i see it is a matter of personal choices .
my belief is if someone chooses to use drugs or drink that 's their choice .
when they do use and cause problems they 've stepped over the line and should deal with the consequences .
especially if they cause damage to a person , their property or committ a crime .
i know many pot heads who only do damage to a bag of chips and wear out furniture cushions .
they do n't harm another soul in doing so .
their choice .
personally not my way of entertainment .
he wants israel to remain purely jewish yet does nt care if america turns all black is a homo who opposed trump all election likely stills do he a fag
* agrees to make my 11 hour work day into a 14 hour work day just to hangout with my favorite kindergartener
what do you call a mentally handicapped jew ?
aushwistic .
what 's the difference between boy scouts and jews ?
boy scouts come back from camp .
do n't forget " ripped from their mother 's arms " !
i 'd always reply " do you mean separated from their traffickers ? " .
be a leader , john .
make a choice .
she 's definitely wife material !
of course , i 'd love to fuck her , too .
oh please , spare the children from the culture wars .
what kids need to learn in sex ed in public schools are basic facts , including that some people are heterosexual , some people are transsexual , some people are intersex , etcetera .
what they do n't need is the " research suggests " , " is associated with " , and " offers partial explanation " of scientific theory .
students can study neurobiology in university if they want to .
in sex ed classes in public schools , simple scientific facts like condoms prevent the spread of disease is what is appropriate .
i 'd probably point out the inherent contradiction in calling it multi - culturalism if the goal is to consolidate all cultures ( into one ) .
i wonder what dirt the democratic leadership dug up on him and is holding over his head ( murder , rape , bestiality ) ?
what ever it is , it must be something really good for him to jump through hoops like this .
he is finally sounding partially rational .
i hope this keeps up .
google mussolini for the visage and orations of the original " trump " .
just add hair and the arrogant stance and pose is almost identical .
the italian mussolini was the real creator of fascism .
hitler 's nazism just expanded it to include full german military might and demonizing of jews to provide a scapegoat justifying genocide and continental conquest .
germans were just more efficient than the italians .
mussolini(il duce ) is the perfect ancestor of the one - man rule arrogantly expounded by trump .
every conservative in this nation yearns for the return of royal king or all - powerful caesar as their preferred governing system without all of those pesky human rights restrictions .
final solution is what hitler and the nazis called the slaughter of millions of jews , gays , prostitutes , and sometimes homeless .
your disgusting treason to rationality , civilization and humanity is inexcusable .
islam is n't a " race " ( at all , much less one of poor , mentally - inferior swarthy " people of color " who are oppressed by mentally superior whites ) nor is it a " religion " ( at all , much less one " of peace " ) !
islam is only the world 's largest and oldest , ongoing extortion - racket and crime gang , and one whose ' holy mobster ' " muslim " gang members ' blame a " god " as their # 1 alibi to excuse their own criminal desires and actions .
right in their qur'an is : permission to murder jews and christians ( sura 9:29 ) , to terrorize all non - muslims ( 8:12 ) to rape young girls ( 65:4 ) to enslave people for sex ( 4:3 ) , to lie about one 's true goals ( 3:54 ) , the command to make war on all the infidels ( 9:123 ) and enslave the entire world to allah ( 9:33 ) 

 are death - threats legal ?
no .
is extortion legal ?
no .
is slavery legal ?
no .
is murder legal ?
no .
is rape legal ?
no .
so nobody has a legal right to practice islam anywhere on earth !
and by immigrants i mean anyone not descendent of europeans who moved here in the 1 8 th 1 9 th century immigrants who are descended from africans arabs asians etc have their homelands fix your own house before you enter ours
2017 review :   built us up , only to leave us jilted .
( as usual . )
let us know when she reaches the real national finals rodeo in vegas .
all barrel racers put thousands of miles on their truck in the summer , so i 'm not seeing what 's unique here .
gary , it 's human nature to want to feel good about ourselves .
if someone does n't have self - esteem , the only way to feel better is to put someone else down .
indians , blacks , chinese , jews , mexicans .
poor people , women , diff - abled .
there will always be groups of people whose only sense of self - worth will come from targeting someone they feel is lesser - than .
pigs are heavily discriminated by racist muslims who think pigs are a worthless lifeform while placing themselves above all else
< user > soo like is she a nazi
it 's time gays and gurls 😊 url
ivanka was eyeing castro 's love child from canada .
jared needs to go home and take care of that business . #
firekushner
hey niglets when your jew team owners see you go down on your knees do not be surprised when you find out how small their pps are might want to suck your thumb for practice
there was a white claw in the parking lot and i was immediately triggered
i wish i was a picky eater , maybe then i would stop eating fucking everything
ever hear of books ?
@makvarcoe only one thing to do while i m sick and that s watch women 's hockey # notsexist # killme
i feel your pain , i always worry about what any partner would feel if i tell them i 'm bi .
i mean , if they 're biphobic good , dodged that bullet .
but sometimes they get so wrapped up in these feelings of insecurity and jealousy .
which i kind of get , but also , i could like anyone of * any * gender , and i like you !
there are tons of guys , gals , and nonbinary pals out there , but you 're the one who i like , and that should feel amazing , at least i think it should .
israelis are no better than nazis
this sub is my only form of social life 
 it 's over
the jag looks annoyed at the mazda , who looks like it did something wrong .
in every female bestie you will always find one lesbian 😊 😋 🤗
catch them and cut their balls off , yankee , mossad bastards
straight white male but fuckin love this song . "
why men great till they got ta be great ? "
no idea still tryin to figure that out myself .
now nik omar is da man perfect timing awesome strategy tetiba semua orang suka religious man atheist pon mungkin masuk islam nanti
why do n't jews eat pussy ?
because it 's to close to the gas chamber
there was an article in sunday 's new york post , about some jew fag that was stalking a famous fag ` ` anderson cooper '' .
because jews do it and americans have picked up that bad behavior too .
if it was only a muslim thing we 'd be up in arms against it .
oh and btw to make it easier for the tip to get out , especially for cleaning , it 's enough to stretch that skin , which can be done to babies by their parents .
you then just teach your boy how to wash his dick and done , pretty looking and clean dicks without the need for mutilations .
where are the niggas that suck pussy ?
url
madonna charlize theron mariska hargitay joely fisher tom cruise and nicole kidman steven spielberg and kate capshaw jillian michaels mary louise parker sandra bullock angelina jolie and brad pitt have you ever seen a shade of brown adopt a white baby where do the white babies go
how do you make a jew prematurely ejaculate ?
pay for dinner
really alex jones believes that the arabs in israel need to return to jordan where they actually came from because that my two state solution israel and jordan done and done
it probably does not since faggot kennedy limited the ruling to just that one baker and just to be pushing back against anti christian statements by the state regulators the one time kennedy was ready to do the right thing roberts was there to overrule him obamacare
just a few months ago , it was the republicans who were said to have lost their identity .
trump won , sort of , but neither party seems to capture the imagination of the public .
lol like their hate filled emails about jews ?
and the rigging of democratic elections ?
this nigga still keep calling his ex girl after we been together for almost a year and wanna keep apologizing ever time he calls 😂 😂 😂 on god run my fade you pussy ass no bars having ass nigga 👌 🏼 👌 🏼@itsyoungjugg
i think we all need to take a step back and this especially applies for groups like antifa , black lives matter , and hell even isis , north korea and all would be terrorist enough is enough stop the hate and stop feeding corporations and the military industrial complex get back to loving and caring
twitter is going to get bought out then i could really careless what happens to that liberal of a retard company i just want my buy out money and i m happy twtr
good grief !
where is the ' dislike ' button when it 's needed ? ? ?
this is really not about friends but about your candidate ... his character and his ability to be a good president ... 

 you say , we should ignore his condoning of white racist and other   groups , who 's would like to rid the world of jews and take the status of women back fifty years .. and yes by not ridding his campaign of these groups , he is condoning what they stand for .
trump represents something you like .. but has no actual plan , other than political rhetoric .
i hope he loses , simply because he is so vague about his intentions , yet his actions reveal so much .
i ca n't stomach what trump says , because he is a proven liar and he keeps lying as if it does n't matter , but for sure i 'll be watching what he does and who he keeps company with .
that will be the the best indicator of what type president he will make and we know that so far , and you should come to terms with this , ... he has shown nothing that would indicate that he is up to the task of making america better ..
i understand it which is why i refuse to birth anyone into this tragic , sick , depraved world .
no sex obsessed males or women / girls to suffer under them .
he called me a pig when i asked question lol he has no answer its just typical yid technique believe me even i lie otherwise it anti semitic
" guy : hey can you babysit my kids tomorrow night ?
me : sure !
him : ty !
me : ( almost types " " no promble ! " " ) "
" @theyblades " " yo my coach at work plays guitar in a fucking powerviolence band " " me- " " what 's the name of the band ? " " " "
cutie " " me- omf bdevries "
jihad against the jews , of course
" as a proud black man i use a word , that if uttered by a white person , makes me lose all earthly senses and revert back into chimpanzee mode "
where the gay girls at
there goes one - term senator cory gardner and his asinine remark that he 's trying to " rescue " coloradanw from obamacare .
analysis shows that 475,000 coloradans will lose health care and insurance markets will be destabilized by gardner 's actions .
cory gardner is against the people he claims to represent .
i hope those who voted for him finally understand what they voted for .
along with the creature in the white house .
modernize ?
are you kidding ?
what do you call a jew only casino ?
the stock market
what happened to its all so tiresome did you filthy kikes ban him too thankyou for giving me all the evidence i need to now publish the documentary about gab to kike infested fraud it is
that s why what the nazis did was okay , because it was legal in germany .
jews and homosexuals and the disabled are n't above the law , their existence is illegal .
south korea is another example of a once dependent country that is now economically independent .
we have to face the truth that asians are more resourceful than africans .
but let that not cause us to lose sympathy for africans .
there 's no need to apologize she came for you while you were minding you business https://t.co/ueaddelcsv
child molesting jew fuck needs to be hung in public
i will send this each day i can not deal with i d theft again so if this bill pass i will have to turn off my net and phones again
what did the lesbian vampire said to her girlfriend ?
bye , see you next month
< user > < user > < user > actually he insulted me first you on the left bitch and call us racist just because we do not believe in allowing illegal immigrants into this country you people really need help
what 's the matter snowflakedave ?
satire is now " bullying " ?
maybe you should be ashamed at your lack of spine ...
i think it irresponsible to not recognize the rampant queer transphobia in the black community simply because it is a product of white supremacy bc at times black folks can really take it to another level
i am 18 from chicago .
i would like to chat with someone via email or aim to chat about your beliefs and mine ... someone near my age also .
my aim screen name is eldawg4100
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
twatter is dominated by the regressive left who deal in emotion not logic multiculturalism is a cancer that has brought down civilizations throughout history on gab it okay to be white and okay to speak freely
i am not apart of the black community my community is the circle i have created comprised of people i love and respect i was raised around my black relatives but not ghetto black culture there is a huge difference between marvin gaye and snopp dog
the chinese literally were n't allowed to immigrate as of the 50 's .
irish and italians were denied the same things until the 40 's .
the japanese were in actual camps , with all their possession left behind or stolen in the 40 's .
all these groups are doing economically great these days .
probably has something to do with average iq . (
little hint : college educated black men have almost the same average iq as your classic uneducated backwoods white redneck ) .
at : actually , mr osborn was in " public" ... "on duty " supervising .the stands at a phill / creswell basketball game .
his cellphone was in plain sight with the texting visible ; much like a " spoken conversation " overheard by others .
i think it 's bit of a stretch to content that " they were " mocking " in the privacy of their personal property . "
gary crum
< user > < user > revenge for eu not helping turkey to look after < number > million bbc figures refugees
my general advice is to not come out untill you know you are safe .
always prioritize your own health above coming out .
if it 's safe to come out , start small .
get some one on your side first .
maybe a good friend of yours who can then be there for you to support you while you come out to the rest of your friends / family .
anyway , i wish you the best of luck !
you are an amazing human being and i love you ! !
you are valid and you got this ! ! !
dear german cousins i hear you are under attack from false guilt muslim scum heavy censorship i can not speak for you but from australia fuck merkel
r / incels now has reached exactly half as many subscribers as r / foreveralone 
 only a matter of time before we become the more popular sub
where did msn com bury the obama called slaves immigrants story shame pr arm of the leftists not very hard to conclude for the average american disgraceful media of the left sadly not of the people
killing all the jews for sure
carbon tax will at the very least reduce waste .
besides , just ignore the scientific evidence , would you stay in your garage with the door closed while you car is running ?
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/carbon-tax-good-coming-g7-country-near-you-s-muktar-homam
@afreen_shameem @zebaism @immak02 @cnnnews18 @news18dotcom but ye batein to khud quran mein likhi hai na .
wo ghalat bhi to nahi tha ... the arabs killed or converted all idolators inspired by muhmmad .
is it false ?
url
come on !
jesus could n't do it 2000 + years ago .
kushner not even considered near god - like .
he 's giving it the good ole try , you 'll never be able to say trump never tried !
hahahahaha 
 your god barry did squat for the me but diss the jews in israel .
god barry ran away from the hard problems in the world .
how easy it 's is to hand godzillions of taxpayers dollars to countries that hate our western values .
who 'd not take free money ?
they are not so self righteous not to accept freebies but will just eat up what you give them .
we were fools and taken as fools and treated like fools as they still hate on the us .
and those wonderful republicans in congress are so ineffectual they have a national candidate directly opposed to all of them .
it seems even republican voters expect something a tad more than " no ! "
from their conservative elected officials .
i especially had to chuckle over the republican budget just passed : loads of unfunded mandates , something that has n't occurred for over a decade , in direct opposition to the rules .
yeah , that 's true conservatism .
wish i could change my body like play dough depending on my mood .
some days i wanna be model skinny , other days i wanna be video girl thick
i am totally disgusted with this article .
sarah is comparing not letting transgender people serve in the military to the nazi roundup and murder to millions of jews ( along with roma , communists , the challenged and some catholics ) .
man , she is a disgusting d.b .
mr. walsh certainly lacks credibility here ; not only based upon his lack of factual knowledge of the officers testimony , but also his misleading statement regarding the da 's use of affidaviting a judge .
he should know that this is avaialable to all lawyers , including defense attorneys and civil lawyers .
in addition , perhaps he should read the memoranda from da perlow and chief deputy hassleman regarding this case in total , along with judge mooney 's ruling in numerous other matters .
what mr. walsh also fails to disclose is that he did not support the appointment of ms. perlow , and in fact wrote a letter to the governor in favor of her less qualified opponent .
god of course i love trans girls 😍
the islamic states will never allow the palestinians to have a state - period .
the palestinians are more useful as proxy terrorists .
the palestinians are also governed by hamas , a terrorist organization trained , armed , and funded by iran ,   the stated goals publicly time and time again of the palestinians , and   by iran publicly is the total destruction of israel and to kill every jewish man , woman , and child .
the palestinians even   strap munitions on their own   women and children and send them into public markets and places to kill innocent jewish civilians .
for that the family get $ 25,000 eu and the   public praise of hamas and iran .
most of these asylum seekers are economic migrants and would not qualify as refugees .
they will have to be housed , clothed and fed and eventually flown back to their country of origin all at tax payer 's expense .
would n't it make sense to pass a law that would immediately send these people back to the united states just as if they had tried to enter canada at a legitimate boarder crossing ?
the united states let them into their country in the first place .
they can process their refugee claims .
but then that would n't reflect the kinder , gentler country the liberal party is trying to project .
and it would n't enrich all the immigration lawyers who are also paid for by us tax payers .
< user > < user > < user > < user > the illegal alien in the white house needs to be deported along with her parents if she desires she many take her anchor baby with her as really he would be safer with her than the madman in the west wing
he 's more outraged at this than a bunch of nazi 's marching around saying " jews will not replace us " and he is more attentive of it than the disaster in puerto rico .
you know , part of the usa ?
death to allah
@stanleystinks shame of you !
self - hating kike .
we jews are g - d 's chosen people .
i 'm so happy i met you , i could n't imagine life without you 
 unless i imagined another normie of no significance with a decent salary that will take orders from me
okay , so instead of breaking down all the benefits of my company just hit at the main things that can be productive to their program ?
we have so many avenues that we can serve the customer and that is where i get bogged down .
ai n't no room for a sometime ass nigga
the ( in)famous 1917 balfour declaration to baron rothschild on palestine ( as it was then called ) perfectly encapsulates the root of the conflict : a colonial power pledging to european jews land that belongs to neither .
that canada continues to effectively support this travesty is shameful .
what 's worse than the holocaust ?
no holocaust
i think this is a good idea but you should probably define " artificial intelligence " to distinguish it from what we already have in operation in many areas of the government already .
that 's what happens when you stop viewing humans as actual people and consider them " illegals " that are part of an " infestation . "
do you not think all the talk about russians should be put on a thread of that theme ?
flores ' lawyer has some chutzpah .
he tried to pass off the idea that flores did n't mean to kill her .
he shot her in the head three times and drove around with her corpse in his car .
i ain ’ t even gone speak on it just know niggas ain ’ t who they claim to be on this social media shit
gas the jews
a jew , a mexican and a black guy walk into the bar .
< repeat > the bartender pulls out his gun and says " get the fuck outta here "
how fags cock looks while riding a dildo url
yo what the fuck you 're deadass a pussy
/u / seattle is run by a sociopathic creep who believes he is the dictator of a democratic community , uses it for his own personal financial benefit , and bans anyone who dares question him .
/u / seattlewa is run by people who believe they are better than the guy who runs the other subreddit .
he was so dirty brought the girl to her work events whew caucasians are a different kind of petty
oh damn august ames actually killed herself str8upgayporn has a lot to answer for i mean if eichenwald can sue for a seizure ames family should be able to sue for harassment leading to suicide
holocaust handbooks - educate yourself - youtube holocaust handbooks is the world 's premiere revisionist book series .
lol .
islam started with extermination of the polytheists and conquest .
mohammad took sex slaves .
the hadiths are absolutely full of hateful shit .
> allah 's messenger ( ﷺ ) said , " you ( i.e. muslims ) will fight with the jews until some of them will hide behind stones .
the stones will ( betray them ) saying , ' o ` abdullah ( i.e. slave of allah ) !
there is a jew hiding behind me ; so kill him . ' "
url
i do n't get why jews are complaining about the nazi concentration camps .
they got such a warm welcome .
why not a safety area for our muslim friends and their jewish enablers
what 's the difference between a jew and a pizza ?
pizza 's do n't scream in the oven
i get it on my cable network too , but the only time i see it is when i am scrolling through channels and accidentally land there .
being different is a crime according to the left and i would assume there muzzie friends follow the same retarded narrative individual autonomy is going extinct brace yourselves political correctness
george soros can spend all of his money and he will still not get the results he wants !
delete me out this foolishness , nigger
the democratic party is the party of jews and jew causes minority mutts dumb white bitches that they appoint to certain leadership positions are just puppets facade to disguise the real core and purpose of the party study jewishprivilege and who really matters in the case of conyers franken
damn !
damn sure there is real piece of shit people .
if sodoma and gomorrah was true , where is god to get rid of shitty people ?
another home grown terror that owns a gun .
hypocrites .
prayers for all lost souls .
thank you for your response .
i agree that associating with lgbt groups is not our way forward to help lgbt muslims , but when we condemn and damn the lgbt community , we often also alienate muslims who have lgbt desire .
and of course the trump camp did n't pay for a dossier on clinton !
what a load of rubbish !
political parties research their opposition just as businesses research their competition ( sometimes illegally ) .
hot muscular tattooed dude jerks off and blows a nice load .
url
welp one of googles founders is a devout muslim who helped kick off the arabspring you might remember that after mubarak was kicked he was supposed to address crowds but muslim brotherhood kicked him out do not believe look it up
sorry , i feel obligated to correct the record   mr. obama is white .
or to be   more correct he is a mulatto .
do n't you remember he was raised by white grandparents in a white privilege world because his white mother died and his black womanizing father abandoned him .
we do n't need gun control — we need son control .
stop indoctrinating boys in toxic masculinity .
stop raising entitled sons .
stop abandoning and/or coddling male children .
97 % of mass shooters are male .
86 % of all gun killers are male .
gun violence is male violence .
would like to learn how to lose fat without pills ... without starving ... without screwing up your metabolism ...
gas the jews ?
she will not * vote with the republicans on major bills , unless it has to do with the oil industry , she has a proven record for voting with the democrats .
* https://www.numbersusa.com/content/my/congress/1143/votingrecord#tabset-2
what 's the difference between a jew and a canoe ?
a canoe tips
elana has me fucked up with these coraline theories
guy on bus , talking to his friend , sitting beside me , a woman : : look at that sign .
women 's basketball .
his friend : : that should n't even be a sport .
made me feel invisible , sad & angry .
no ethnic or race issues to be found in anchorage crime statics .
must be old privileged white christians and jews causing all of the problems .
they can train all the unemployed immigrants in the uk already
is it ignorance - or knowledge ?
i 've read numerous books on islam including the koran .
it contains rhetoric so hateful it would be hate speech if it were n't in a religious book .
and when you look at the problems in europe , that started exactly like this , i 'd suggest it 's you that lacks knowledge and are proven wrong !
your thoughts on 3 different imams preaching super hate against jews of late ?
i suggest you 're employing the " down playing " tactic .
i 'm so into others girls but i 'm really infatuated with myself
wait a sec .
maybe i have this all wrong .
so , could it be that the transgendered woman had testicles surgically added to her body , then changed her mind and wanted them off ?
and which bathroom would this person use ?
.... i 'm so confused .... but not nearly as much as the people in this story !
lol
> your people oh holy shit .
you went full racist !
whoa dude .
that was amazing .
you are worst than the whole " we are being replaced " bunch - they do n't even go as far as you just did .
damn .
hardcore my friend .
that 's really disgusting .
the jews rule south - africa behind the scenes just like all other countries they own all the money through the reserve bank scam and they control and own all the media , movies , tv so they own the rights to program you day and night .
the jews worship satan and god does not have a covenant with them anymore and they have no right to the land of israel the jews are the enemy of all humanity wake the f**k up brainwashed christians !
be safe , kids , nye is another prime night for rapists .
watch out for each other , do n't get separated .
have a plan .
where do black jews sit ?
at the back of the oven
repeal 21 , eliminate the corporate welfare , fix the train wreck the republicans have made of alaska 's economy .
that entire conservative national agenda is a load of ignorant superstition .
this session has been nothing but waste of money , a stick measuring contest between the parties involved , but when election time rolls around , we 'll see who s holding the brown end of the stick then .
we can align ourselves with europe or the us in climate change laws .
europe is quite progressive , the us under trump , not so much .
a fundamental truth is a diverse portfolio .
are we too dependent on trade with the us ?
i would say , obviously .
we need to diversify so we 're not dependent on one trading partner .
trump will be in power a maximum of 8 years .
global warming will last thousands .
we could just wait until he 's gone .
what is china going to do ?
abandon any environmental laws ?
i have to wonder how trump won , but public education in the us is pathetic .
i 'm a connoisseur of libraries ,   and i visited university and public libraries up and down the east and west coast of the us .
the west coast libraries were better , but i think per capita , we have much better libraries in canada .
libraries are virtually ancient history now .
everything is available online , the world 's biggest library .
just ask google , you will find your answer , but it 's not peer reviewed .
occam 's razor and i 've run out .
a vaccine could have prevented the illness that made this person retarded
bad bitch contest you in first place & # 128175 ; http://t.co/c1cpzmzeqr
seekers of truth , start out by watching the ` ` benjamin freedman speaks '' video @ youtube .
i think that could be said of anybody , regardless of sexual orientation .
it 's yoir goddamn fucking rich jewish faggots that 'll be long perished and in heaven while i 'm still burning you lying piece of fucking worthless crap
jewish denials are worthless when the head of israel government fails to adequately protect women from sex criminals even in his own inner circle it is sad but not surprising when israeli children even pre pubescent ones fall victim to sexual predators such as in the shmuel case
honestly you sound like a real asshole from that context .
just because a girl is n't a virgin does n't mean she 's a hoe .
a girl can be comfortable in her own body and have an active sex life without being a hoe .
are you a virgin ?
if you 're not stop looking for a girl who is and thinking every girl who is n't is a hoe .
if you are tbh does n't surprise me .
diversity is our greatest strength !
problematic obsessed ugly ghetto old frog face how dare you < user >
* spills morning coffee ... while trying to press the like button over and over *
and where is the program to fight muslim hate of jews , christians , atheists , gays , women ?
this is a canard , the ruling class along with media people hate criticism and they are using islam to kill free speech and criticism 
 people from middle east say this is exactly how the islamists come into power and take over .
muslims form middle east are frightened this is happening , because they fled the me to escape it .
the ( d ) may have candidates you feel does n't make the grade .
comparing bernie or hillary to palin is no comparison .
palin quit as governor and had no clue what the vp is supposed to do .
palin certainly would n't have a clue as potus .
like drumpf has no clue .
comparing palin and trump is a apples to apples comparison .
the ( r ) had 20 + candidates or close to that .
they were all woefully unqualified .
drumpf is probably the most unqualified of the field and he won .
are you justifying corporate welfare ?
@mckenziewark @molleindustria @nomediakings at least the poc are the humans , i despise science fiction that makes the weird aliens the poc .
like carnival row , where the metaphorical poc are fairies and centaurs and elves .
` ` policeand spca officials found over 50 carcasses of pigs on national council of province 's chairperson thandi modise 's potchefstroom farm , and the remaining 85 resorted to eating the dead bodies and drinking their own urine to survive .
@intheyear1611 @nicoledurmire @tom_atter @usalovegod @slh78_w04 @sweetcharitys well , i have been clean , sober and w … https://t.co/vmh7nh4pkl
how do you pick up a jewish chick ?
in an ash tray
how about we watch a short film about working together and chat some more later ?
heck , why do you need viagra if you have ed ?
ed is a " natural " contraceptive .
the church is all about natural birth control .
yeah , heres a clue for the nigger author of this article .
chinks hate niggers , kikes hate niggers , spicks hate niggers and towelheads hate niggers .
even niggers hate niggers .
black africans hate the gauche lazy american blacks because they have no morals or work ethic .
niggrus americanus is the lowest form of human ( if you can even call them that ) on the planet , we should erase them
hi please teach your kids that retard
well do you want the native people to get their homelands back ?
you down for slave descendant reparations ?
or would you prefer they just stfu about it ?
i m into bitcoins , not your lame shit .
peace .
being kind to others , it 's really not that difficult url
for < number > billion people jesus let the jews rule the middle east let them enslave the muslims and let the sandniggers suffer why is that so fucking hard to grasp
+ david fye ii shut up lying zionist terrorist .
we all know that zio pig nation jewmerica did it .
we wo nt believe your lies .
we will destroy your terrorist nation and isis .
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
< user > critics say that sand sold by trans black lesbians tastes better than pizza made by cis straight white men
which makes total sense and i do n't blame them , but right now it 's inconveniencing me , and that simply wo n't do .
today was a terrible day .
my ex got hit by a bus , and i lost my job as a bus driver .
screw islam n dummy troudeau you want more islamist dummy move to the desert build you re own outhousesn start building with your money not canadians most do nt want more islamists bring more jews french greeks lebs forget the stupid bunch
all of which might explain the focus of greenpeace 's activities ...
reminiscent of neville chamberlain 's german tours and meetings with hitler claiming peace was at hand .
how did that work out for the world ?
disgusting that this nation installs the identical regime as the heir apparent to nazi germany following the same game plans for a new fuehrer trained by a jewish traitor , roy cohn , with mein kampf as the textbook .
evil personified in a german - heritage traitor bred , born , and developed by the new york wall street traitors before and after wwii to install the same in this nation .
nixon and reagan blew it , bush / cheney set the stage , and the final solution was installed by the republican party traitors composed of the billionaire barons enriched by the military industrial complex led by oil monopoly traitors .
all aided and abetted by the moles in the democratic party to insure government gridlock until the complete one party takeover is finished .
welcome to the nazi states of americal !
seig heil !
for do i now persuade men , or god ?
or do i seek to please men ?
for if i yet pleased men , i should not be the servant of god .
gal.1.10.kjv
i think it a conspiracy i think they are truly engaging in a slow modern holocaust globally in white people sknce < number > but instead of five years of hitler the reverse is a < number > plus year systematic invasion harassment and redistribution
to virtue - signalling authors /librarians sharing this post : munroe was dropped not because of a ' bunch of transphobic cis women ' but b / c they 're on record for flouting nspcc safeguarding guidelines , model for playboy & use homophobic lang .
eg ' you hairy barren lesbian ' ' faggot ' url
check your constitution and supreme court rulings .
" .. founded based on judeo - christian principles ... " is just the continuous lie thrown out in every forum by the fundamentalist christian horde .
why do gay people need glasses ?
they ca n’t ever see straight !
we 're biologically the same race that fell for hitler and lynched people without asking twice .
they have thousands of years of practice but the fuckers keep re branding themselves in history books so nobody realizes it the same jews using the same rabid arabs century after century
my great grandfather died in auschwitz .
fell off a guard tower .
weinstein is a kike in america he nearly untouchable no matter how many women he raped
he apologizes to the muslim for being oppressed while listening to this guy tell him gays should be executed .
what the fuck , canada !
stop apologizing for everything .
this guy wants sharia law in canada !
being kind to others , it 's really not that difficult url
jimmyj :   we are all familiar with self - deprecating humor .
fat guys can make " fat guy " jokes ; jews can tell " jew jokes " , gays can tell " gay jokes " , mexicans can tell " mexican jokes " , an italian can call another italian a " wop " ;   and black folks can call each other " n$#$%er " .
i use my favorite scene from owen wister 's " the virginian " to explain what i mean .
the protagonist , the " virginian " wins a big poker hand from the villian and the villian calls him an " s.o.b. "   the virginian responds " smile when you say that . "
the message is so clear .
the key is intent .
is the term used as an insult ?
is it used to " put down " another person ?
are you " spoiling for a fight ? "
are you being patronizing ?
or is the comment or joke truly friendly and innocent .
all key questions .
if a buddy of mine say " crum , you 're such a # @% , if a stranger says the same thing .... that 's a different ball game .
does this make sense ?
gary crum     p.s .
i hope you 're not too stupid to understand this ..... (cont )
looking for an ltr 
 i am a french   virgin boy does nt matter if male or female only want a sane entity i repeat sane
tell that to the ashes of the jews in auschwitz etc ....
hello people in # paris , # london , # nyc and elsewhere !
watch eloise ( 2017 ) here : https://t.co/2vqc0s08uz https://t.co/ke1b2zwkb8
you think that jew son of an fbi agent and that bald spic dyke needed school to teach them to hate whites and white society
# pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth   # pridemonth .
because there is not enough lgbtq+ representation .
seriously mind blowing how many innocuous products contain milk and gluten&#128561;&#128561 ; — feeling a little frustrated
if peaches was white y ’ all wouldn ’ t think she was funny and you would actually want her to get the help she needs
they are lighter skinned arabs with phoenician and other relict populations mixed in hardly white but still i support them and their right to exist in the face of kike oppression
r / childfree blaming men for gender roles and pretty much everything else .
no figures are available because none are made public .
> going to be fun when some arab state finally gets nuclear weapons and you lot all glass each other .
you should get those sociopathic tendencies treated .
> resettled with cultures less repulsive .
so sorry to hear you 're repulsed by the technological , medical , scientific and agricultural innovations you seem to be using .
might want to shut down your computer and go live in a cave with your other ' less repulsive ' friends .
good for trump .
he represents the millions of taxpayers of whom the nfl was more than happy to take billions of dollars from and continue doing so every year .
you can kneel down all you want , you just have to do it on the field you paid for .
during ww2 , the busses in poland often had a terrible a / c. passengers arrived totally exhausted .
you sound like a jew .
honestly .. if there 's one country we should take over due to danger it 's mexico .. they kill tens of millions compared to isis ..
ya it getting hard to normally function in many towns anymore with this ghetto mentality going on everywhere
since they are all learning english now as a second language what would be the reason for changing to german .
lol no roses in filthy chicago city now just a rich ghetto
so here 's where all that missing bank stimulus money went !
my native american grandmother had the same experience if hiding her identity in a racist society .
as a long time friend of many who put on similar events in the same location , ( bellevue college ) i can attest to the many months of preparation meeting with city council members , getting permitting , and having on - site police in uniform .
i went to this event , and there were many cops at the show , and driving in nearby streets .
a lot of hard work goes into these events so people , only 1 day a year , can get together and show off their hard work .
let 's get real .
this event was one single day out of the lives of those who did not enjoy it .
it was also one single day for enthusiasts to enjoy .
as always , everything went back to normal the next day .
excited for next year !
holy man from switzerland tells daily mail that cancer caused by immigrants 😅
jews are not only insane , they are of literal demonic dna .
according to the entire establishment if you are white and you dare to object to your humiliation dispossession violence against you is justified a direct quote from cuban cuck cum bucket marco rubio
glad they found that white bitch amber guyer guilty but i am not too sure about the sentencing they might give her fuckin probation or some done shit
ap 
 breaking : ex - usa gymnastics and michigan state university doctor pleads guilty to molesting girls , faces minimum 25 - year sentence .
what 's the worst part about being a black jew ?
you have to sit at the back , of the oven
diversity is very important for < user > that why she does not just date tall nerdy white dudes she will also give lanky geeky caucasians or towering european dweebs a try
gab an online ghetto for right wing conservatives the most productive honest humans you will find
goddamn they are retarded fucking phone
well jimbo , that would explain why canadian troops arrive in afghanistan with   forest camo , i have always wondered about that .
hahah bet the fuking jews and americans will b pissed , as now the world knows they full of shit they love starting wars but end up losing them as they pussy out ca nt finsh it , russia we love china we love nxt great power turkey fuk europe fuk isreal
mango orange and champagne oysters with pink salt and black pepper
is just giving many of these ' survivors ' $ 25 - 50 thousand , no strings attached , could end tragically .
oh yeah , sarah what 's her name ... more vitriol like thus : " mr. trump ’s policies are explicitly aimed at hurting vulnerable people ... " and as usual , front row center on the g&m site .
- 
 in other , more real news : the bermuda monetary authority levied a $ 2 million fine against sunlife financial for 5 breaches of money laundering laws , just this monday passed .
- 
 how 'd you like them apples sarah ?
any comments ?
opinions ?
vitriol ?
i 'd love to fuck that tight little asshole so hard , and in the interests of equal opps , if you feel the need to take your revenge after i 'm done ...
what 's the difference between a jew and water water comes out of the shower
supper from yona yossef 8:15 shier tonight 8:30 mariv 9:30 note : today and tuesday will be the last shier until after pessach
imagine being the parents of that degenerate
" madam , your son just called me ugly ! "
the mother apologizes shamefacedly , " i 'm so sorry , i must have told him like a thousand times it is wrong to judge people just from how they look ... "
my point is this .
seemingly every time an issue like this comes up all the christian haters come out and start throwing their ridicule at them .
yet no one says anything about islam and their treatment of gays under their religion .
nor do they throw the ridicule at judaism .
guess christians are the easiest of targets .
people want to be gay then fine .
do n't try to force me to accept it and do n't go around flaunting it .
even the laws of nature dictate it is not normal .
< user > pakistan is created for muslims so no muslim refugee in india anymore
its nonsense period and its not science , its propaganda left wing bs
fuck people who act racist as a joke .
i do n't give a shit if you think its edgy and cool .
in a country where the president himself is openly racist you should fucking know better .
ok so i can be called a kike and a cunt but i ca nt retaliate look i am a fighter i do nt roll over and play dead like many jews do capiche pussy < wink >
threats are crimes .
do you think the jews in the synagogue in charlotsville felt threatened when the nazis marched past chanting their hateful slogans or do you think they were snowflakes ?
beth slovic , thanks i want to know what students are doing and thinking about because they 're top notch students .
i 'm also interested in knowing what the administration is doing to   serve the students by creating   a safe learning   environment and creating memories .
reed offers lots to our community i love going to reed events that are open to the public , some really good lectures , music , theater and events .
reed college is a high quality academic treasure for portland and surrounding areas .
thanks for finding it fascinating i do too .
nigga turned into captain save a hoe a broke1 at that & # 128561 ; .
people souls are wicked and the bad vibes do n't suit me , i do n't like it around .
ann coulter < user > this daily trump melodrama is worth it only if he really going to build the wall cut off muslim refugees and deport illegals
we should act like comrades 
 sometimes i find posts here and everyone want to be offensive and bitter ... 

 we all know the blackpill is real , but can we stop the toxicity between us and actually start supporting ourselves like brothers ?
but bannon is actually smart .
oh while i will concede that various religions have been of cultural relevance in the past , it does not mean that we should keep believing in their mithos .
that 's just straw .
if tubby fails , memphis fails .
so we need to hope and pray , literally , that tubby somehow makes believers out of doubters .
not looking good .
the 3 biggest religions ( christianity , judaism and islam ) have caused   a lot of deaths thru wars and persecution .
i 'm starting to believe marx when he said that ' religion is the opium of the people ' .
we ostracize people who join religious cults , but they are really no different than people who are fanatical followers of the 3 religions .
the unregulated entity takes the first loss
scraped an entire bowl out of the bottom of my weed tin
anyone whom jews deem useful in destroying white civilization is fully funded with no questions asked
further proof that kikes are the spawn of satan , look at this specimen .
url
drinking scotch and eating beef jerky makes me feel like some kind of " off the grid prepper " or something .
great writing julia , i have been a fan of yours for a long time .
this game full of fake niggas dick riders clout chasers niggas gon ride yo wave till it no more beneficial for them
by god in this case francis means the priest that raped the man when he was a child
while they are in prison the kikes should get the same food the regular prison population gets ...
what are you referring to specifically ?
the type of individualism to which you refer is jewish inculcated special snowflake faggotry everyone group but retarded white cuckservatives practices identity politics collectivists will roll over the individual every time just admit you are too cowardly to stand up for your people
housing is unaffordable for a lot of people in anchorage , change the rules and make it affordable for tiny house parking .
those tiny houses are nicer to look at than run down mobile homes and you could fit two of those tiny houses where only one mobile home would go .
rt @itsmegrizz : bad bitches do n't take days off https://t.co/eazgi8knnh
what s the diffrence between hitler and usain bolt ?
usain bolt can finish a race .
she is stupid and we need to deport her
if i was a pirate i would be called neckbeard
you may lose your sense of purpose , only to uncover a more mea ... more for sagittarius https://t.co/rtgqbqcglw
oy vey goy nordic resistance movement has too many white people in it they need a little diversity maybe a few based niggers and some based dune coons they need a few heeb lawyers too
that 's enough sour grapes projection and white women bootlicking , yuck
sen. gillibrand : " i can talk to those white women in the suburbs that voted for trump and explain to them what white privilege actually is — that when their son is walking down the street with a bag of m&ms ... wearing a hoodie , his whiteness is what protects him from not being shot "
i get this discussion when it comes to disabled and people of color .
these actors ca nt change that and have less oportunities for roles .
but gays and trans roles can be played by evryone .
and on the other side , beeing gay or trans does not exclude you from straight roles .
so sj platin ganz asien robot is a other story than sj playing a trans person .
roses are red , violets are blue - ish if he hates ash and do n't give cash , he probably jewish
please quote me where i ' ve implied or have said that .
what a waste of fossil fuels to publish that tweet .
@soffetus call me sexist but guys & gt ; girls
ratchet ass bitch !
it so easy to be so bombastic when you are hiding behind a pseudonym , roy or whatever your real name may be .
your ignorance is beyond all logic .
like most ignorant people , you forget that hitler 's war machine is a representative of the german people .
just like our war machine is the reflection of our people .
german people actively supported the goals of national socialism .
you sound like a nazi apologist .
no wonder you hide behind a fake facebook name .
your effort to misinformed people about trump is really sloppy .
while i have no great love for the man , he is no better then that criminal hillary , both are worst scums ever to run .
the fact that you choose to endorse one , proves what you are , eh ?
i probably just insulted most of the nation on that statement .
but just to be fair , you do know that trump being a nazi - kkk right wing wannabe is bit of stretch , considering that he got a daughter and three grandchildren who happens to be jewish ? ?
your lies is proof enough of your own hate .
i do n't hate israel .
i just want to kill all the jews .
😂 that 's a joke pla
what ’s the difference between africans and jews ?
the africans were useful
they are retarded mouth breathing little children saying this is our club and you can not come in
yeah my mom went on about condemning gays and i said the same book literally demands stoning unmarried non - virgin women , and told her she 'd win this argument once i get stoned to death in town square
actually there are not alot of people moving here legally .
our economy has been to volatile .
if anything we got our rich and wealthy moving out .
you guys ever wonder where the jews would be if they did nt kill em ? ?
here is a hint .
what is americas inmate ratio ....
" " " let them praise the name of the lord : for his name alone is excellent ; his glory is above the earth and heaven . " "
~psalms 148:13 # bible "
anti semitism is hatred towards the practitioners of judaism .
a comparable   term for those who practice islam would be " anti muslim " and not islamophobic .
when your parents starts making coping statements for you .... 
 how does it feel when our parents starts making coping staements for you such as " no women in your life means less problems" ... etc why would they do that ?
my dude , lemme tell ya : rap is mostly fake rich dudes talking about " the hood " which they have n't seen in the last 5 years .
and oh god is there wining and a crybaby attitude .
from their own website :   the 1976 state law establishing the permanent fund ( as 37.13 ) , states that the fund was created : 
 to provide a means of conserving a portion of the state 's revenue from mineral resources to benefit all generations of alaskans 
 to maintain safety of principal while maximizing total return 
 to be a savings device managed to allow maximum use of disposable income for purposes designated by law .
i think that 's pretty clear insofar as it 's purpose .
to conserve for the benefit of all generations of alaskans .
using the principal to produce earning to fund government ( like norway did for example ) is certainly one way the fund , using a pomv payment model , would provide benefit to all generations of alaskan 's , not just the individuals who happen to live in alaska for a year , then get a dividend that second year .
take drugs and rape sluts
if the solution is to give jerusalem international status .. just pump it full of immigrants like the jew bastards have done to all our cities - if it 's everyone 's       then no one will fight over it ..
@cooper4sae # whitesupremacist # whitenationalist # whitenativist # racist # bigot # xenophobe # islamophobe # antisemite # fuckconservatives # fuckcons # uncanadian # garbage
my boss farted in front of a jewish client .
a little gas never killed anybody .
come on huck .
you were trained to get out these situations .
opa needs you # scandal # tgit # whatthehuck
americanpatriotdaily.com/featured/hillary-clinton-big-lie/ … will hillary clinton ever be held accountable ?
op is a homophobic pile of shit .
there now you got your murder by words .
i will hold out hope that one day you will be less of a dickhead .
the entire island will boo him off the stage .
his failed presidency is getting dangerous for america .
so if the criteria had been that the building could only be named after a dead jewish person , or a dead catholic person , would that have been ok ?
those are the other two groups that the kkk went after the most .
especially here in lane county .
that 's probably because there were a lot more jewish and catholic people here in lane county than black people , but between blacks , jews and catholics , who should get the priority for the building name ?
and is n't it discrimination to pick one of the three over the other two ?
diversity is our greatest strength !
if those who do n't know history are doomed to repeat it , i want to forget everything i know about the holocaust
i 'm not cheering for him ... just that he fucked up ! #
wrestlemania
trans women are women !
you 're beautiful , you 're a woman , and you 're living the dream !
<3
i wreck every argument you make so you call me dumb lol ok kike
fellow incels , what 's your thoughts on r / incelswithouthate ?
every now and then the answer is busch beer in a can .
hi i m 20 year old male in louisville kentucky and have nt found one skin or even any1 proud of being white is there anymore like me out there ?
you 're getting downvoted , but based on my own experience you are 100 % correct .
i have plenty of non - white american friends who were not treated the same way as me while in asia .
all of us though , regardless of our skin color and regardless of our 100 % legal status in the country , at some point or another , were told to " go home . "
do you think it will ever be possible for humanity in general to overcome such attitudes toward foreigners ?
do you feel that it should or that it 's even a goal worth striving for ?
i never thought about race in terms of iq or nationalism it wasn t until the stupid left under dindunuffin obama that the anti white screed began to get loud and now i am a white nationalist thanks to the racist left i am embracing my ancestry my genes my origins white and proud
i really wish i could disagree with that statement entirely but it tricky because there a lot of truth there however you are probably referring to north africans and arabs in general also some women arabs and blacks are adults that can reason many white men are not and can not
fucktard zionist nazi says if your political opinions different than mine you'r not american ... that 's how zionazi starts ww2
< user > nigga fucking called me a faggot when i said these things to him
sure , because " very fine people " march with nazis and white supremacists carrying torches , chanting " we will not be replaced by jews ! "
yes , he does deserve credit for early performance , but it still stands in my experience , he starts well , but ca n't close .
when and if he gets to the postseason , maybe then i will reconsider .
having had stood in front of a class to teach is one thing - " running a state - wide organization " is another !
having both qualities or experiences would not necessarily be a bad thing .
they 're more than likely trying to address the magnitude of the political ramifications of the responsibilities in running a state - wide organization with the thought of satisfying positive classroom outcomes for our students .
last tuesday , dumb dumb donald , the racist - in - chief , said : 
 “ you take a look , the night before , they were there to protest the taking down of the statue of robert e. lee . ”
so , let ’s do that , let ’s look at the night before … here ’s a video of the people dumb dumb supports “ protesting ” , the night before , the taking down of the statue : 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebstlblunrw 

 they chanted , “ jews will not replace us ” and “ blood and soil ” ; and , gave the nazi salute .
racist - in - chief ?
hmmm , maybe nazi - in - chief would be more fitting .
we apparently are too stupid to differentiate between muslims coming here to escape the islamists , and the islamists themselves .
that is like not being able to distinguish between the jews fleeing the nazis , and the nazis .
the former should be welcomed , not the latter .
yo mama what ’s your best yo ma ma joke ?
dog on it , not one alaskan has ever made a profit from finding and selling oil under the crooked monopoly system , most alaskans are waking up to the fact they should have a lot more money from the oil !
if you want alaskans to be profitable under the united states constitution you have to let all americans the same property rights , unless you are advocating secession but that is a different horse of a different color !
you are living in the land of oz , so pay attention to the man behind the curtain at the controls and not u.s. investors like me that has put lots of money into the pfd and new royalty for the state during my 30 years of buying leases causing new oil and gas production at redoubt and elsewhere !
honestly !
i was planing on buying a house in alaska but if people like you ban all americans investing in alaska maybe i should wait because i want to live in one nation under god , like the one our military men and women serve from all states in the union .
are you an american ?
diesel is worse than a child 🤦 🏼 ‍ ♀ ️ dog is retarded
i want to know where did celtic nation found this picture : just two girls looks to be portuguese .
that could be deleterious !
fuck israel .
the only thing god gave you was two legs to keep walking .
we in israel feel sorry for you ... it is sad to see people so dumb who pray for a dry jewish mummy who died 2,000 years ago and think she will wake up ... if this is your god you are really miserable ... your god is dead bleeding and crying on the cross like a hysterical 5 year old girl .. he cried to to get help ... to himself he could not help .. so he will help you ?
if i were you i 'd feel sorry for yourself .
i literally could never conceptualize a black queer person until i was like < number > i fully was under the impression that queerness was a white people thing because of the words and actions of my community
are we heading toward quotas ?
like , 10 % asians , 5 % jews , 15 % white women etc ... what is this drivel ?
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > yes because threatening a girl with rape is a serious crime sharing her info on social media encouraging others to rape her is a serious crime too
un*merce < censored > is just another white bitch trying to look as black as possible
" the two - state solution is dead" ..... can't give those palestinians their own state .
" israel will never accept a single state" .... can't give those palestinians citizenship .
so there is no solution to the problem then !
all the more reason for canada to stay out of this mess .
so should the usa but it has a very powerful jewish lobby to deal with .
my family so fucking ghetto n slow i got ta dumb down what i be trying to say so they can understand 😂 😂 😂 i love them
top five demi lovato songs < number > confident < number > really do nt care < number > neon lights < number > stone cold < number > skyscraper
my cousin bio on her instagram " light skin , dark skin , brown skin bitches holla at me " she funny as hell
i m getting me a white boyfriend i am sick of the negros
you know what the response is going to be ; the evil of secondhand smoke ( even though there is virtually no evidence for it . )
wow so no more paintings of police as murderous pigs by untalented minorities no more gay porn touted as art i am good with that
fire them all and hire illegals they are cheaper .
get lost with your stupid slave stuff .
the jews were slaves and they seem to be doing ok .
stop it .
i ca n't breath
this movie was filled with garbage zionist propaganda .
< user > wait us muslims too bad move
< user > i wll bet in that < number > percent names in that list would be muslims
that 's what happens when you allow your own countrymen and women to be molested by vile outsiders .
what did the rich jew said to hitler .
< repeat > .
< repeat > nothing .
cause soaps ca n't talk .
all these people killing innocent blacks in the world will suffer terribly in the afterlife
my relatives were raped and murdered by inbred schizoid kike vermin in the bolshevik revolution every drop of evil spawn of satan kike blood will be exterminated from the earth as a promise to my ancestors
i wanted to show my mom her ted talk .
mom saw the search results and started to get what the fuss was about .
" gas the fucking jews " - gaydolf bimler
riiight koncerned , because cars are throwing themselves out of 32nd floor windows into crowds of people far too often ! !
are knives and hammers on your short list too ?
watched one horror movie and now i 'm fucking quivering in my boots
poor reporting .... why is the gun man injured ?
was he shot ?
did he shoot himself ?
did an concealed carry permit holder shoot him ?
did the police shoot him ?
the shooter in this story is a young white man , like dylann roof .
how does it happen that white men want to kill ?
ted bundy , john wayne gacey , btk , the green river killer , son of sam , and i could go on and on .
all white men who terrorized america as serial killers .
hitler was a good doctor .
he cured tons of disabilities .
i 'm straight but i totaly understand how hard it would be to come out and try to fit the social standards when your part of the lgbtq+ community
paul some jew or sandnigger is gon na buy gab just to purge you off of this platform so be careful
push women into workforce increase labor pool lower wages people have fewer kids due to career women and lower wages use lower birthrates to justify mass immigration increase labor pool lower wages tfw half of leftist ideology is a marketing strategy for cheap labor oligarchs
remember this guy ?
he allegedly vandalizing brooklyn 's union temple with anti - semitic messages that included " die jew rats we are here , " " jews better be ready , " and " hitler . "
his name was james polite and he worked on obama 's first presidential campaign url
they all probably say the n word
these two self serving pieces of crap are okay with possibly destroying a person livelihood who only being true to his religious beliefs who gave queers the moral high ground sick of this libtard lgbtq hypocrisy
-mars - you should get curbstomped .
if you do nt like muslims , find a new fucking country pal cause america has a little thing called freedom of religion and i will literally butcher your family to maintain it .
you come after jews i will rip your asshole out and choke you with your intestines .
same goes for sikhs hindus christians on and on , pal .
suck my fuckin ' dick
< user > < user > ok let me send some illigal jihadi migrates in to your home
“ folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be . ” ―
abraham lincoln
logically , any one who rejects a just war because it involves the use of power and violence must also reject a police force and a criminal justice system .
there 's a difference between the personal morality of individuals and the exercise of state authority to maintain law and order .
the state is there to offer protection , internally and externally , and " turning the other cheek " is not always an option .
how many concentration camps had there been during w < number > ?
apparently not enought .
ilhan omar just like aoc and rashida tlaib , is a total complete waste of oxygen she is a two - legged piece of s * * * who does n't deserve to be in the united states just like all progressive liberals
i can find no info that alexander marlow is an orthodox jew .
so republican tim scott supported both sessions and bannon , that 's unusual .
so does ben carson but that hardly means bannon is n't a racist , xenophobe , misogynist .
milo fit right in with breitbart .
he was a troll trying to upset as many people has he could by throwing out his idiotic comments .
your defense of bannon sounds like the people who claim they 're not racist by saying some of their best friends are black !
intel , you can't sit with us
loki that 's kinda sick
slowly making my way through a romanian bible i got for my birthday in july .
< user > he better have cleaned himself up then dude been looking like white trailer trash dating a damn model smh
its called being a pleb with no technical or rhetorical skills do nt give me that crap about being busy when you seem to have plenty of time to troll my crew acting like a hasbara kike shill shaking your fat fists at everyone to the right of stefan molyneux
turn the rod towards the rod towards the rod towards the fish ! !
ease up on the perfection of this !
wow i 'm so fucking broken .
is this the first time the state has taken bids and had something built ?
no , but it seems like it .
if the state people could all think that was their money , would this happen ?
yes , because they know its not and they do n't give sh!t !
pornhub advisory : very young teens ( all models 18 + at time of filming ) 

 very old grannies ( all models alive at time of filming )
" many if not most of our home - grown religious bigots ( i did n't mention the kkk , you did ) are self - described christians " 

 you have no proof of that eric .
you might stop to consider that the majority of all americans , good or bad , call themselves christian .
when naming bigotry , if you do nothing but hit the standard   statistical distribution , some will be christian .
either way your implication that christian teaching in any ways encourages racial bigotry is completely contrary to my 60 years of personal experience .
and to say that the muslim church is less ethnocentric than the christian church is reckless conjecture .
( and we are living post 20th century , past statistics are irrelevant ) .
you wo n't find christian hit squads murdering muslim citizens and putting it on tv , nor hanging the bodies for public display .
we agree that many , if not most followers , in both christianity and the muslim faith do not promote violence as a form of evangelism .
a liberal must never express concern for kashmiri pandits or for buddhists in ladakh because kashmiri pandits themselves decided to leave kashmir for greener pastures , and buddhists are not a minority .
no , it was white people versus white people
i straight up refuse to believe sorry but when jews had < number > years to get thir facts straight and they are still making up stories about fucking roller coasters sorry but i just can not believe the rest
the other countries must not have mass shootings because they 're entirely female societies is the only logical conclusion here
so you admit that religion is made up bullshit to keep stupid people in line ?
> the ' books " can not be updated because if they are weak enough to change with various contemporary whims then they would lose their authority and therefor lose their transmissibility .
thank you for demonstrating how religion has fucked up your mind .
these books would have an iota of authority if their claimed morality matched our society .
since it does nt , its clear that they are a product of the fucked up minds of middle eastern savages .
killing all the jews for sure
i have n't seen music for this floating around but if you have the sheet music for piano i 'd be happy to get to work on a transcription for you if you can send me a pdf or something .
jews who supported trump are as loathsome as gays like peter thiel or transgendered people like caitlyn jenner who did so .
i have no use for any of them .
the same old kenneth starr conncetion , always shown best by the pedophiles , running the juneau school district 's 
 " bong hit 's for jesus case " still attempting to figure out , how old the virgin mary was .
when your too stupid to breed , get into lawyering , that way you can hang em up for 30 pieces of silver , and let the guilty go free .
it works the same in every democracy !
brought to you from the jewish lawyers association , just spell money changers table ?
i do not know what is worse grouping ambiguity and otherness into the sexualized charged term queer or grouping different individuals into off ish labels and uniting them under a colonial ideas of sexism and gender lgbtqaa hahahah a plus submarginalized reduced to a plus
i 'm in australia and i want it to be done and over with , my mum is constantly going on about the olympics like it 's a big deal .
i agree .
i read medical records practically every day , and i see how often people are unable to afford basic healthcare or insurance .
this does not accord with catholic social teaching .
at the same time , however , a responsible health care system does not have to be , and should not be , government - run .
it does no one any good to allege ( as some do here ) that conservatives would just as soon let people die .
that 's irresponsible , dishonest , and divisive .
btw , it 's also irresponsibly false to say that bush lied about the wmds .
many responsible people with access to good intelligence also believed that iraq had them .
even bob woodward acknowledged that it was excessive to call bush a liar about wmds .
a muslim in sweden asked for isis donations for < number > years on facebook and his account was not deleted
but please prepare yourself for anything like a nuclear blast or a huge earth quake or hurricane .... shtf in many ways
i can not believe this white man called me discriminatory because i would not let him and his entitled family board first lol i can not
bottom line is all religious extremist of all faiths ( christian , jewish , muslim , hindu , buddahist and skih ) produce nasty results .
it always a upset white person or black person who dying to be white in my mentions upset af hoe well 🤷 🏾 ‍ ♀ ️
< user > you are gay right
yes indeed .
the new black panther party is a virulently racist and anti - semitic organization whose leaders have encouraged violence against whites , jews and law enforcement officers .
trump hates muslims , people of color .
never forget his 2 racial remarks .
" i hate blacks counting my money " ( then he fired blacks in his casino ) .
" i want to kill muslims with bullets dip in pig 's blood "
stay classy candice keller .
i am sure the families of the victims of the shootings appreciate your uneducated and outdated hate speech to fuel more fire for white supremacy . #
ohioshooting # whitesupremacistterrorism # whitesupremacistinchief url
if a hard border goes up there will be violence they just tryna make it seem like we brought it upon ourselves
" humanity would sink into eternal darkness , it would fall into a dull and primitive state , were the jews to win this war . " -
joseph goebbels url
a priest & amp ; a rabbi walk through a forest where they find a boy strapped to a tree & amp ; unconscious .
the priest says , " should we screw him ? "
to which the rabbi replies , " out of what ? "
man fucks jewish peeps with hot gas
< user > and exactly how many of those muslim countries are ready to accept the muslim refugees
no , my mindset is that of a jew in 1935 living on a small island that is being overrun by young german men claiming to be " refugees " , but they keep committing terrorist acts of mass murder of jews on the island , but you and the pope keep asking why i 'm so heartless and not accepting of them .
you and the pope need to stop smoking the incense .
phone # idea is n't perfect ( it 's easy enough to grab a phone # from gv ) , but it 's an extra step - good deterrent for majority of abuse .
being elected does not make you supreme overlord .
the judges are there to assess whether the law was followed , and if an elected official failed to do so , guess what ?
winning an election does not put you above the law .
yeah that dumb nigger just took all the evil of the kikes and blamed the nazis for it and actually expected someone to believe it i would call him jidf but he is so stupid i can smell the nigger stench through my screen
thoen deadass charged como que le iba hace algo al tipo but a for effort my guy 👌 🏼
iraqi attacki !
love this guy ! !
.@randi_ebooks you are a dog .
proof that google will try to recruit anyone .
:p
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
agree with your article .
the most vulnerable are the older generation .
my father who is 93 years   was sold an investment product at td with a 3 year lock in period .
previously , he always renewed his gic 's for   1   year term .
so why would the td fa decide that this is the right time for him to move into a 3 year lock in gic ?
this does not feel right .
i would like the regulatory to investigate td 's behaviour and look at the file for old age customers who have been affected by a sales practice that has lost ethical standards .
this is not about share prices , it is about human dignity ,   respect and trust that is lost with the sales practices at td .
unless you know the family we do n't need to say anything .
what are we going to say that will make them feel better ?
nothing .
chiming in with a silly cliche might make you feel better , but so what ?
are we that self - indulgent ?
all the rivers run into the sea , yet the sea is not full ; unto the place from whence the rivers come , thither they return again .
not only that , but seniors vote consistently , young people not so much 

 obama suffered a huge ( but not fatal ) decline in young people turn out in his second election .
in a two way race this can be managed 

 in a three , or four , or five way race ( as we see in canada ) , this could be very bad news for the liberals .
here 's the thing , does anyone see trudeau having the staying power of his father if he were reduced to opposition status again ?
fuck israel and fuck religion in politics .
i have < number > arguments about why white south africans should be welcomed as immigrants these are not the prime motivators for me but i think they are both cogent and presentable to the racially unaware
i know history i know brother wars my family has fought brits and yankees i am over it only a kike would gloat over the deaths of whites i hope you are gang raped by a pack of abos
follow the money - " never bite the hand that feeds you " .
no surprise the cbc is trudeau 's biggest cheerleader .
< user > ok let me know when you find a nazi
your post is as disgusting intellectual bankruptcy as it gets , remington ; you belittle the suffering of jews with your babbling ridiculous nonsense .
a simple fact is beyond your intellect to grasp , the jews were citizens , aliens in our country illegally are not .
we are deporting aliens in our country illegally , not torturing , and genocide them .
i 'd say shame on you for belittling the sufferings jews experienced , through your hyperbole deluded tripe , but obviously , remington , you have no shame .
< user > you are welcome love sending love i hope you feel even a little better soon hugs
i guess , to simply answer your question if i 'm understanding it right , yes .
christians have faith and trust in god which we consider to be a superior authority .
women do n't give a flying fuck .
@thisistimramos acts of " chivalry " are for men to give , not for women to expect . #
random # notsexist
finish 13rw anf try to go on with my life because that show fucked me up so bad .
i should have known .
i was depressed for months after readi
kids do have a volume knob ... just turn their heads til you hear a click .
wow , so i 'm halfway through reading this and i 'm mortified .
the man * spat * at them virtually unprompted , which is not only disgusting and belittling , but surely has to be considered an attack using bodily fluids ? ?
this , and all of the slurs , violent language , and actual violence-- clearly this is a hate crime .
what were they expected to do ?
just .... get spat on and aggressively cat called and suck it up ?
the system is failing these women .
that made me so angry / sad .
i 'm going to finish reading it in a bit , but god .
so far .... what the hell . :(
there 's so many good choices it 's hard to pick just one all time favorite .
" you condemn women seeking abortions because you believe that good women would never want one .
you consider yourself to be above that sort of thing . "
i don;t remember saying i condemn women who seek abortions , but truth be told , i have less than a scintilla of respect for those who do , as well as for women who support them .
catholics --- you know , people you love , like the pope --- regard abortion as the taking of human life .
so don;t play the " you don;t respect women " game on me .
it 's about as lame as the rest of your posts .
i respect women who respect life .
this is fucking disgusting and i hope that the woman that did this burns on a fucking stake .
< user > < user > < user > sure numbers of the holocaust are probably inflated your religion is still bs
thank you to senator donna mercado kim for taking action !
senator kim has been in touch with multiple individuals at the doe and boe , and we are seeing progress .
the army gave the final approving for moving the portables in november 2015 .
the contract was installing the portables was awarded this week .
from what i understand , the contractor has 180 days to get the portables up and running , which means the children may still be without a library and cafeteria through the rest of the school year .
canopies were installed outside this week to allow the children to eat lunch while covered .
thank you to shafter elementary !
thank you also for allowing some classes to eat outside after parents complained of mosquito bites .
i encourage doe to expedite the process as much as possible .
i encourage parents and the department of defense to continue being vocal and vigilant , and to be active participants in their children 's education .
" thomas was riding a bicycle .
the dog was taken to an emergency veterinarian . "
editor ?
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
< user > lets the degenerate kike < user > ‍ fuck him in the ass and cries piteously during the torrid act but deep down he very much aroused at the idea of a filthy jew dominating him that a real radical agenda next week tune in for the threesome with paul nehlen
@themadsloth i pray justice will rain on this parade .... and god will have his way w the ones who persecute the jewish people ! !
i 'm so lucky to have a guy who treats me like a princess & amp ; let 's me know in every single way he 's still inlove with me ❤
if liberals truly do not believe it is a problem if european magazines and media display black people middle easterners and asians as europeans then why do they think it is a problem if they do not either race matters or it does not can not have it both ways
why are the nazis the same as women ?
they both know how to work the oven .
he twitted facts provable with evidence and you provided your subjective simplistic view based on fake news .
people who live there see the reality and know the reality that ’s why you ’re always losing ...
when did blacks and hispanics and muslims and feminist and queers and gays and transgenders and illegals and jews gain the upper hand law according to them screw that
ben and jerry , those humble vermont farmers , are now long gone .
but the company is still run by people just like ben & jerry ... who were hardly the aw - shucks farmers they pretended to be .
the ceo and most of the brass are liberal , elitist jewish boys from urban backgrounds .
i have boycotted them since the fraud stunt in 1989 when   b & j claimed to running an essay contest for the ceo position ... that was already in place .
holocaust concentration camps ?
are they gassing people ?
do you have any sources for the mass killing of children ?
are you on drugs ?
the irony is that scalise campaigns against gays and gay marriage , and is saved by a lesbian who is married to a woman .
it 's similar to himmler being saved by a jew .
while scalise probably does not favor killing gays , he is no friend of theirs .
apparently , you fail to grasp this point .
i am banned from incelqueers , kek 
 normans could not handle my arguments and gave up , kek
@realdonaldtrump # istandwithbeto we 're not taking your sh*t anymore .
you do n't get a pass .
you do n't get to spew heartfelt racist rhetoric then expect a thank you when you read a cold speech from a teleprompter .
you are racist & the world knows it . #
elpasostrong   url
" the color of your skin is the uniform you wear in this ultimate battle for the survival of the west " ~ george lincoln rockwell
i guess if you call the star - advertiser questionable .
here is the link to the original article .
have a blessed day .
http://www.staradvertiser.com/2013/09/29/hawaii-news/mainland-cash-fuels-the-fight/
do you have any recommendations of helpful reads for someone coping w white guilt
mscorsvw one of the more retarded features of windows launched after updating net to rebuild optimize assemblies ms offloads cpu time and energy costs onto consumers because unique system configurations imply they can not ship pre built assemblies true yes hurts performance yes
liberal logic illegal alien kills kate steinle conservatives upset over acquittal ergo conservatives hate immigrants conservative logic illegal alien kills kate steinle knows there is a difference between legal illegal immigrants ergo liberals are shameless liars
i fixed it for you : 

 - jihad 
 - usury 
 - welfare 
 - eradication 
 - sadism 

 it also spells out those that will not be blamed for nothing
what 's the difference between a pizza and a jew ?
you eventually pull the pizza out of the oven .
tanta gente que precisa de ajuda mas quem ganha é o gay que precisa de tratamento diferente e privilégios porque não agüenta uma piada na internet
what does my child and a jew have in common they ’ve both been in ovens .
hubert writes : 

 " many ukrainians helped the nazi 's kill jews " 

 as did russians : 

 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_collaborationism_with_the_axis_powers 

 http://www.feldgrau.com/ww2-german-wehrmacht-russian-volunteers 

 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s.s._sturmbrigade_r.o.n.a. .
there were collaborationists among many of the nations invaded by nazi germany .
in the case of ukraine , one must remember that ukrainians ' memories , in 1939 , of the rule from moscow included the soviet genocide against ukrainians in 1932 - 33 in which millions of ukrainians were intentionally starved to death .
based on that experience , the germans probably looked less dangerous than the soviets .
.
what ’s the worst part of fucking a jewish guy in the shower he can only last 15 minuets
in 1967 , polish mercenary rafal ganowicz was asked what it felt like to take human life , “ i would n’t know , i ’ve only ever killed communists . ”
getting rid of the rich the businessmen and businesswomyn and whigger middle class would solve most of the problems once these inferiors can not lie steal and cheat most of their businesses will go under do not forget the jews lived in shitty smelly ghettos before being emancipated by satanic whiggers
< user > for real they have also banned using illegal alien in a discriminatory way and discriminating based on english proficiency as new violations ny always ahead of the rest of the us
starbucks everybody remember that in muslim countries they do not allow women kindly ask them to wait in the car and send a man
massage parlor old lady underwear domina sub big black dick pics nice sex doll
hm term limits jews worst enemy ‘ tis why florida is best state
@bdutt you have lost relevance .
out of curiosity , why are you so in love with pakistan ?
i do n't see how consumers can decide when the content of their local news , unknown to them , is being dictated by the corporate owner of the chain .
what are they supposed to do ?
start their own station ?
just admit you 're in favor of more right wing tv content .
do n't go to third world countries filled with violent low iq third worlders .
and on top of that , niggas who used to talk about me or bulky me growing up always try to fuck with me now & # 129318;&#127998;‍ ♀ ️ fuck onnn !
meh not really nonsensical , israel 's aggression will get it fucked and as soon as an anti israel us president is elected ?
wooo rip israeli joos kek it does n't take a genius to see jewish tricks .
sucks boomers like you eat up jew tricks like breakfast at tiffany 's .
fuck you and fuck israel url
> your people oh holy shit .
you went full racist !
whoa dude .
that was amazing .
you are worst than the whole " we are being replaced " bunch - they do n't even go as far as you just did .
damn .
hardcore my friend .
that 's really disgusting .
i am gon na give her a listen maybe royals is about the kike assassinated romanovs
well we do not live in such a society and no your car should not be able to fucking stop working if it hears you use a racial slur that retarded
sometimes you realise that hitler was a cowardly man .
if he just swallowed his pride and took his generals ' advice then he would have either won the war outright or killed the jews to extinction .
undocumented immigrants are true americans just like you and me we need to get rid of this divisive concept of jews the people who died in the holocaust were nazis not jews and they deserved it it does not matter about their documentation or ethnicity do not be racist
how can you tell if somebody is jewish measure how long it take for there nose to arrive before them
bampumim teixeira an immigrant from west africa
the nazis killed 6 million jews , the republican party thinks nothing of attempting to kill 30 million americans .
anyone else kinda want to see israel just burn to the ground ?
is it still published ?
i used to pick it up now and then but there was almost no content beyond advertising and sports .
it seemed to have been written for those who did n't finish high school .
the part of that story that keeps going untold is that unemployment is falling but vanishing jobs are n't being replaced with jobs of equal or better income , prestige , or quality of life .
i 've been part of two mass - layoffs of highly educated professionals .
adding a few hundred uber drivers does n't replace what was lost .
for girls , talking to chad is like talking to god 
 and talking to incels is like talking to the devil
the slogan on the entrance of auschwitz was the well - known " work sets you free " .
but what was the slogan at the exit ? "
hot surface .
do not touch . "
london stan under attack again police suspect it was four old white women upset because they did not have enough recreational centers i would suspect liberalism and jews paying sand niggers but hey i do not have a degree in journalism
my next bf better screenshot my damn snapchat pictures when i 'm lookin fine as wine & amp ; brag about me .
< user > enough of ur communal secular rhetorics yes india will welcome every refugee except muslims bcz we have already given them a seperate nation on basis of religion why do they want to live in india after being allotted an entire nation as demanded by them fr muslims
" she said that to dismiss what trump had said as locker - room banter " is an insult to decent men everywhere . " "
this .
how many people watched to see where the boat dropped off the lobster , so they could go out and try to catch it again ? ?
i got players with bad watches - they ca n't tell midnight from noon cuz never settle ! #
oneplus3 t # oneplus # oneplusafterdark
hahah bet the fuking jews and americans will b pissed , as now the world knows they full of shit they love starting wars but end up losing them as they pussy out ca nt finsh it , russia we love china we love nxt great power turkey fuk europe fuk isreal
< user > very sad moreno valley is ghetto stay away
sad thing is they are all waiting for and trying to bring on the same god .
muslims , christians , jews all revere the same book and the same hellish daddy in heaven .
what 's a pagan to do ?
the bathturds have even stolen our pagan holy tree for their miserable annual ceremony .
what is the point of financing the bloated canadian government while there is a social conscience crew , fighting against the rest of 
 the elected policies and losing !
< user > < user > so racism with a sprinkle of sexual harassment
" so one has to be sexually active in order to not be lonely , this is what you are saying . "
no , that is not what i am saying .
tell me , in traditionalist catholic school , do they teach you to use the straw man fallacy , or is this something that just comes naturally to so many traditionalists .
what i am saying is that you are saying that gays must not be sexually active , and you are encouraging them to be self - hating and lonely .
you are also saying that this is what your " loving and caring god " demands of them .
i shall respond to your " extra ecclesia nulla salus " in the next post .
yes tells a lot its important to note his chief of staff is iranian vallery jarret she is one of the true red diaper babies a progeny like obama and cultural marxists identify with islam because there is little difference between both ideologies
" eating pussy - god that s so gay " every retard ever .
" @haroldaddyxd uh hell fucking yeah ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
it 's 8 am tho and i 'm still " " sleeping " " & gt ; :)) "
how far can a jew jump ?
chimney height * wind velocity
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
harper also ran a candidate that would come to your home and pee in your dishes .
does n't mean harper was really tolerant of that - at least for his own dishes .
at one time harper wanted a party of theo - cons ; all the orthodox religions of the book ( jewish , christian , muslim ) even orthodox buddhist holding hands and hating progressives and gays like baird .
baird wisely never " came out " to canadians or his constituency ; he just enjoy the benefits of all the progressives who fought for his rights .
btw , harper specifically attacked refugee programmes and had kenney cut health care to vulnerable refugees and asylum seekers .
my mp sent me dog whistle note asking if i approved of refugees " getting better health care " than me .
i ’m white ... and it ’s okay 😉 happy tuesday !
but i do have to say this in order for wwe to still thrive in the free market they seriously need to rebrand revamp and rejuvenate the product
lots of shiny new followers .
hi hope we have fun xx come say hi .
old followers : you can get medication for that .
stop scratching .
sad dick khan is the chief of the london muslim ghetto he first allegiance is to islam and muslims
when i read about a bunch of dunderheads spending up to $ 1000 on total nonsense like this , i sometimes feel just like this guy : 

 " i do n't even know what street canada is on . "
-al capone
i feel like the refs have been the constant story throughout this tournament .
they should n't be noticed this much .
horrible officiating .
whites are the minority in ads looking at my calvins women undies first look it seems a white women but look close it is a hispanic with blonde hair close examination of the women one mixed black < number > hispanics no white women in ad
< user > what up brother did not know you were over here in the twitter ghetto we call gab
well at least they have no fear of speaking up for their race try to find that in a white politician jews do it blacks do it arabs do it metizos do it
more red tape for the energy industry .
though the folks in the gta still expect that when they want to fill up the gastank in their car they wo n't have any problem finding a gas station .
hey mom what happened to sonic oh well he ran too fast tripped and his face was teared apart on the sidewalk when he was looking for rings
throw the jews under the bus to appease the radical muslims & palestinians .
bro dreadlocks or faux locks even on women are legit stunning
my boss farted in front of a jewish client . "
a little gas never killed anybody . "
oh god i did n't realize we had so many celibate infidels within this subreddit .
we need to act quick and purge these lower life forms from our society
this yid endicted yet not arrested and
they are calling nick fuentes not part of the movement as if the movement is some sort of cult and saying he an immature attention seeker i have < number > problem with women who are mothers speaking out for our people just these single ladies should not do beta farming
and cucked by jew - loving anglos
for one minute i have to take a break from jew and nigger hate to remind everyone i fucking hate fat people
so last year the u.s. let in 110,000 refugees when obama was president ( source - cnn - take it for what its worth ) .
so where were the protests last year ?
this year , trump is going to take in 50,000 after this 120 day ban .
so why the extreme drama over trump versus what obama was not doing anyways ?
christian brothers and sisters we should try to extend a olive branch with our islamic brothers and sisters and build a coalition to eradicate jews hey it does n't hurt to dream big
the objective to compare the nra to terrorist organizations is for these reasons to justify the use of violence against nra members and to dehumanize gun owners and their families guncontrol nra
aoc is an idiot .
i have never known anyone that stupid .
how does she dress herself ?
complete moron .
ivanka is a traitor she married the filthy kike who is trumps handler trump cucks when he has to and pushes maga when he can most of the meetings between trump and kushner is about how much he has to cuck that day
john allen lauridsen jr. mhmh sounds like all those europeans that came to our land pre and post american revolution , learn your history .
um as i have said before negative ghost rider we do not accept queers or jews the pattern is full
i look forward to seeing the results of the conference .
if they are able to come up with a credible strategy , the number of opioid related fatalities will drop .
if , however , the results are anything like mayor gregor robertson 's in terms of eliminating homelessness in vancouver , it will prove to be yet another costly government failure .
she 's jewish !
that 's why the righ wing fascists are all upset about her question ...
could you upload a pic of this amazing set up ?
< user > pick up i am < number > man i am not a troll or a retard
+ jewboy you 're not gon na fool anyone having your channel public and making comments like that .
you 're a 20 something year old bitter , pathetic , antisocial virgin who spends his whole day on reddit talking about how whores deserve to die .
do n't act tough
fyi : this is what does n't constitute harassment and/or hate according to @teamyoutube .
if you are a member of the lgbtq community and you work at @youtube , now is the time to stand up and take a stand .
this is bullshit .
url
< user > her phases have now included scene jack skellington which she shaved her head for hello kitty lesbian trans straight basic goth atheist and now basic white religious bitch
< user > fellas is it gay
tfw someone at the bus stop harasses and follows you because they think you have cigarettes when you do n’t
these little niggas really riding around in my moms car and we ve been tracking it for < number > minutes now whew shoutout to the sprint drive
its because the teachers are liberals and kikes who know not of true european values or european pride .
our teachers are actually imbeciles and stooges , save for a few .
i find that tragically ironic .
here 's a fun thought experiment .
imagine the letter dan brock would have written if his son were the victim of a violent rape rather than being the perpetrator .
it 's hard to believe that residential schools in canada existed until the mid 1990s !
does this mean that , up until then , the rcmp could just pop - over into native homes and snatch away their children for " proper " education ?
they might have enough room on the property to park all the required cars .
however , after the adu is built ,   they might still park on the streets .
they 'll just fill up their garages and carports with whatever and use it for other than cars .
it 's a common thing here in hawaii .
4chan sucks donkey cock , it 's just like /r / imgoingtohellforthis .
the mods are kikes and the fanbase is made up of 16 year old little faggot meme kids .
the only reason i stay on reddit is to piss off highschool kids like you by saying mean words .
such as murdering and maiming people by running your car into the crowd , or promoting hatred against jews , or just being part of a terrorist organization like the kkk with a long history of murdering black people ?
you 're talking nonsense .
fighting back against right - wing hate is not left - wing hate and intolerance , it 's standing up for what 's right .
so my advice to madridistas is enjoy any titles we win this season because we are in for a very trouble filled summer and next season .
he 's still a dirty fucking kike .
he was just talking shit about steve c and patrice , i sincerely hope he dies .
the comments here are too black and white ; life is not that way .
there are environmentalists who are religious and there will be those who are not .
they both have a right to be respected and not marginalized .
the gg 's comments were divisive and had a trump - like tone .
that bothers me .
when jamaican people go funeral url
emiras dog fucking stinks min , farts all the fucking time , horrible little fart machine
israel wants syria for itself and the rest of the damned sinai too that what this goddamn jewish war we have been fighting since < number > is all about displacing arabs to europe and america so the cunting kikes can steal more land for israel
` ` thebest thing to do is stand there and look them straight in their eyes with the no fear stare and wait for them to throw their signature haymaker . ''
my mom was watching blues brothers the movie there a part where neo nazis have a rally she said to me mockingly look jews are using blacks to gang up on white people i honestly did not see what was inaccurate about that
" these people " have a well - established track record of victimizing others .
just ask some of the many christians who have had to flee the middle east and other predominantly muslim regions .
unfortunately ,   many more christians ca n't tell you anything because they have been slaughtered for their faith .
their killers and sympathizers play the victim card when called to account for the crimes .
american , and of pakistani descent
does anyone actually know for sure if the meninisttweet twitter account is an actual parody that is against men 's right ?
my god , what were your parents thinking ? ? ? ?
this bus gives me a headache every morning with its nasty ass smell & # 128548 ;
yesterday the president pronounced himself surprised by how complicated health care is !
thus does he confirm what we already knew : he knows nothing about it .
every word he has ever uttered about it is rooted in and reflects his ignorance .
still , his speechwriter slipped into his speech a shift is his rhetoric which trump himself probably neither noticed nor understood .
the writer had trump using the language of paul ryan and the house republicans -- speaking of " universal access " to health care rather than " universal coverage . "
the affordable care act does not accomplish universal coverage , but it aims for it and moves toward it .
universal access means that you can access health coverage and/or care , if you can afford it .
if you ca n't ?
the lines in the emergency room will grow ever longer .
trump and the republicans seem determined to strip health insurance and thus health care from millions of people ; unless , of course , they perceive a political cost that will restrain them .
tyler q houlton ‏ dhsgov can confirm that the suspect was admitted to the united states after presenting a passport displaying an f43 family immigrant visa in < number > the suspect is a lawful permanent resident from bangladesh who benefited from extended family chain migration
if she not bringing in da bag leave dat hoe
there is no cure for homosexuality .
because there does n't need to be .
we can only hope there is a cure for brexit party 's anne widdicombe 's ignorance .
# ffs   url
laughable .
israel is singled out regardless of this article .
just have a read of all the bds activities internationally and nationally , at universities and in protest marches .
nothing stale about standing with israel as most legislatures and parliaments and university administrations would attest to .
in fact , the only crocodile tears and wolf - crying that is falling on deaf ears are left - wing , commie - pinko whiners , and jew hating fascists and extremists .
israel continues to rank in the very highest on the human development index .
the wolf - crying palestinians at the very bottom .
apparently , terrorism , honor killings , gay torture and apartheid , female genital mutilation , chronic jew hatred , extrajudicial hangings , 
 do n't rank very high .
talk about a stale culture !
for you see , the world is governed by very different personages from what is imagined by those who are not behind the scenes -benjamin dis
i do n't want to see anymore bitches on my tl fucking and sucking on cucumbers 🤢
how about when hitler says that the jewish question will not be dealt with until after the war ..
connect the dots ... walkers theft of the pfd will have all kinds of consequence .
why should any alaskan obey laws when the politicians do n't .
hillary staged to win in a landslide .
higher taxes and socialism is about the only way to steal it back from them .
it wo n't do us any good but at least the marginally rich will feel the pain too .
we may even be speaking russian with her weak foreign policy .
if they wo n't share the wealth we will share our misery .
the country built on murder and stealing cherokee navajo sioux land , imported slave labour , past presidents owned slaves etc .
not so shocking .
you say that free speech has consequences and you compared it to the second ammendment shooting guns everywhere in the most retarded analogy i have ever heard of on the issue all this to defend a pedophile who accuses others of pedophillia but can not take the heat himself
a jew and a muslim fight each other to death .
who wins ?
society wins .
" in a perverse way , piling on trump is just making him more sympathetic . "
i do n't know if i 'd go that far , but it 's definitely painting some people as monomaniacal and more than a little histrionic .
when bbc reporters were begging via tweets for his assassination , and cnn was discussing , as calm as if they were discussing the weather , what would happen if he were assassinated , and hollywood startlets were calling for outright armed insurrection ... we had moved well past principled opposition and into a social panic .
how many of those early " trump attacks " have turned out to be people so upset by trump 's election win they fabricated racist and sexist attacks to justify their own emotional response ?
multiple muslim people faked attacks on themselves .
a church organist painted swastikas and anti - jewish slogans on his own church .
one woman cut her own face .
obama brought out the tea party and the militias .
trump has done the same thing to the progressive camp - exposed the unhinged .
" kill them [ unbelievers ] wherever you find them … and fight them until there is no more unbelief and worship is for allah alone " ( quran 2:191 - 193 ) .
economist.com/news/business/21730469-it-suffering-whims-capricious-crown-prince-saudi-aramcos-ipo-mess … big changes to expect with aramco 's ipo # goingpublic
< user > it is bad hun xoxo if you get raped do not ask for help you have been warned
these bitches fake one min talking about a hoe next min bestfriends with the hoe
" jewish greed is n't something   jews do ; it 's something they have whether they like it or not .
i 'm jewish , and i do n't like it ; i do n't think it 's fair , but i still know i have it ... " 

 " black violence is n't something black people do ; it 's something they have whether they like it or not .
i 'm black , and i do n't like it ; i do n't think it 's fair , but i still know i have it ... " 

 do you get it , now ?
plop them down in front of livy , have them read it , and then write a report on it .
you are the epitome of stupidity you could not beat the kike vermin alone last time so this time your goal is wait for it to fight the kike vermin alone again and lose again you have the strategic sense hitler did moron
what 's the difference between the kkk and the nazis ?
the kkk are wrong 

 ( could work the other way too , and say that the nazis were wrong )
so what have you alt right anti semitic homophobic beta cucks done but cost votes and give the left their bogey men ps none of you are alpha males you are beta cucks who virtue signal by calling people gay to hide all the dicks you cram down your throats
" a truck drove into a crowd ? "
so people got killed by one of those wild , untamed swedish trucks ?
.
here , leftist mainstream media , i fixed it for you :   " a man- who the swedish prime minister said was an islamist terrorist- killed three people and wounded eight with a truck . "
.
islam is a scourge , and the mainstream media support and defend them .
being a lesbian is so good tbh
i wish these retarded filthy sub humans would quit that you know what i find funny about this particular go round she whiter than the kike schumer talk about the pot calling the kettle names eh
sorry you are completely wrong .
the numbers of people addicted to opioids and who die from overdoses is completely in sync with increased pharmaceutical prescriptions by physicians .
it is the single reason for the addiction epidemic and it was created by big pharma convincing doctors to prescribe drugs they had n't before in amounts they had n't before .
people are in no more pain now then they were int eh 1980 's .
there are other ways to cope .
in fact more ways now that we have nerve blockers for spinal pain and biologics for arthritic conditions .
brain dead liberals are all the same .
cut off your own dick just to get the chance to talk to a girl .
pro feminism , more like 100 % pussy .
it 's really incredible that these killers can out and murder scores of people , detail that it 's because of their hate for immigrants , black people , and general white supremacy ideology , and still get coddled like this .
which is convenient in looking away from the harsh truth .
url
gently remove my targeted fat and shape my body for life - changing results
asked my aunt to buy me a taser gun and now she 's looking for it in lazada hehehe r u finall buying me one ? ? ?
wag paasa pls
we must remove this cancer that the usa and british zionists planted on top of palestine because this israel is the biggest threat to europe ever to exist !
i just hope europe honours its citizens by kicking the ass of the usa , and never have any business with it .
death to israel and all its zionists !
of far greater concern is the video currently circulating - with arabic subtitles - of the myriad instances where trump says he 's going to take iraq 's oil .
my point is are you gon na defend the usa and your property from the jews yes or no
this nigga is retarded !
@sonofspam64 .
there wo n't be a fight , israel already considers iran a national threat so they will use everything they have to completely neutralize iran .
you need to get off this crap about trump and putin , when it was obama sucking putin off everyday he was in the white house .
putin to obama .
i am going to invade crimea what you going to do about it you big pussy .
obama in a child 's voice " nothing . "
putin - good boy , now get down on your hands and knees and suck me off pussy .
as an example;jnk trades at least 10,million shares / day ..
you hit the target .
any discussion comes back to jews and israel .
let 's talk about danger of sharia law , inhuman traditions of radical islam .
arrogance period
maybe but you get them in all races our biggest problem is white underclass like this you need to educate africa to our standards without their whinging about slavery racism making no effort etc then measure it to know for sure
so if everyone hates white people , why do males of every nationality love white women with blonde hair ?

compared to wynne he is a full suit as anyone is better for ontario than wynne
" we reserve the right to refuse service to ... " blacks , jews , irish , gays , catholics .
that what you mean ?
the right of the private owner to practice discrimination is a bogus " right " .
the government has always defined the rights of citizens .
it 's one of the things that governments do .
i like how they have to specifically say non hispanic in white categories on graphs because the kikes will lump anyone in with us to make our numbers worse
\ > ya know , there 's part of me that believes you 're so brain - poisoned that you actually did .
that would be the funniest thing i 've ever seen in my life .
sarcasm you fuck tard . \
> also , i really enjoy seeing your edits .
i can see the gears turning . "
how can i make my already reprehensible frothing even * more * bird - brained and incoherent ?
oh , more slurs !
of course ! "
the edit 's are just to fuck with you retard .
you 're constantly responding it 's just fun to fuck with you since you 're a low iq jew .
she did pose naked for girlie magazines .
that speaks volumes about her .
she lies .
she is an adulteress .
she knew what she was doing when she had an affair with trump when he was married to another woman .
she has made her bed with trump and now paying the consequences .
she is exposed .
trump lied .
he did bring out his tax plan and there are big tax cuts for the rich .
here is the official whitehouse.gov link to trump 's tax plan , the “ unified framework for fixing our broken tax code . ”
https://www.treasury.gov/press-center/press-releases/documents/tax-framework.pdf 

 it includes these tax breaks for the wealthiest americans : 
 • lowering the top tax bracket 
 • eliminating the estate tax 
 • eliminating the amt 

 it also lowers the corporate rate to 25 % , enabling the wealthy   with a tax attorney to form   pass - through corporations so that their income will be taxed at 25 % instead of 39.6 % .
never under ester mate what a cathlic jew will do
( t37 ) blayne barber makes birdie on hole 14 to move to -2 for the tournament # shellhoustonopen # pgatour
you_seem_to_know_little_about_first_century_palestine._the_jewish_theocracy_did_what_you_object_to .
yes .
he essentially said it is a natural law matter .
that it is bad because it makes the individual miserable , not because some natural order or divine temper has been offended .
it is a self - interested thing to avoid fornication , especially if it is the random , promiscuous variety .
booty calls hurt your soul , but not because you are going to hell .
they damage relatedness to others and trivialize the most strong of human connections .
raw tag team rhoode ziggler thrown together us aj keeps destroying cedric thanks vince -_- sd tag revival raw team but will probably drafted to sd ic nakamura nothing women bayley nothing all women tag bliss cross they keep losing to bayley sasha < number > complete joke
i think there is more threat from russians than from jews .
i need a new gay hashtag i got cute pictures to post dammit
and so stupid they are ready to create their own walled in ghetto complete with armed guards the dems played them like a chinese made ukulele
why jews did n't participate in ww2 ?
they were camping
it 's literally only birth control when i 'm having sex , the rest of the time it lets me function normally without debilitating cramps , a flow so heavy i 'm bleeding through tampons , pads , underwear , and pants , and fucked up mood swings .
fuck these uneducated , misogynistic , racist politicians .
my love !
❤ my birthday is on april 10th and my only wish is you .
please make my dream come true until my bday @louis_tomlinson x20
what for ?
why do you guys want to genocide whites lol 😂
y all know i ai nt stupid .. right?like i know when you block my fucking number , i would nt care if you did nt act like u was my friend 2days ago&#129300;&#128514 ;
it takes the genius and the courage of p - du to reveal the king has no clothes .
< user > my muslim ass isn ’ t even allowed to use mosques as aesthetics 😔 ✋ 🏻
pussy fag
@sunmi_union holland is a gay artist in korea and ca nt promote and people are acting like we are being terrible for us wanting an explanation .
people need to look at the bigger picture , we do nt care if she is gay or not , we want her to be safe regardless
< user > it a crazy mix there are places you do not walk alone especially if you are white there a lot of random crazy violence there but it has had that rowdy reputation since the riverboat days and was the gateway to the west
i guarantee the cognitive dissonance in that woman is eating her soul alive .
probably explains why she escalated to so much criminality over time .
just saw a hershey 's commercial on tv , ca n't find it on jewtube shows a white woman happily sharing candy with some mop headed groid male on an escalator guess i wo n't be buying that stuff ever again
this bitch talk too much
so lying non - stop , as trump does , is acceptable behavior ?
in an attempt to be civil , i find great difficulty with the jew bernstein .
in my opinion , he has always be and will continue to be scum .
yeah , it has nothing to do with lightening and poor forest management .
right ?
just cut off his nuts and be done with it , then lock him in the closet , until age is just another number .
a jew walks in to a bar and then the metal door closes behind him
back # inhighschool me and @ntgonline used to have to stiff - arm bitches that kept tryna steal our fitteds
this what they teach in university 24/7 .
i raped the jews because it rigged dave
just call the jews what they really are god suplanters
finstas are gay
he is so oppressed nike is selling his shoes to his ghetto brothers for only < number >
it 's w < number > a nazi solider in auschwitz sees a little boy outside playing in the dirt .
he ask the boy " what are you doing out here playing in the dirt ? "
the boy replies " playing with my friends "
most whites are adopting asians and africans so what is your point
@johncornyn here 's a message from god , " go back to dc right now and ban assault guns and pass gun reform laws now ! "
god has spoken , there is your wisdom .
god also says , " money is not worth human lives " and " stop supporting white supremacy " .
what is worse , is the fact that they are allowed to bring their violent chaos to our beloved homelands , and contaminate the minds of our children !
hitler , fuck the jews
this is the false front which jews present to the world , but jews are quite varied in their opinions and beliefs .
the tents & more often tarps are providedby a small number of pastors and volunteers who have what they think is a very christ - centered approach to homelessness .
they wantt he homelss to be visible and they welcome out - of - area homeless to pdx .
a church known as home forward and another churck called anawim are two of the groups who say that we must house everyone and the homeless are not accountable as long as portland area residents do not take them into their homes or otherwise provide food and shelter ( i read their fb pages- they say crap like this ) .
so , if you do n't take your marching orders from a bronze age text said to be supernatural in origin , well too bad because the pastors get the last word .
dr. know- you got the source of tents wrong .
people are giving nice tents to junkies .
check out home forward and the loonies at the red barn .
those pharisees said jesus was a cafeteria jew .
i do n't know why , cause   jewish food is delicious ( except that gefilte fish , oy gevalt , it 's shreklekh ) .
gtfo bitch ass bitch
i 'll pump a few loads in your cunt
jews are parasites muslims are shit beaners suck and niggers are dumb and violent
i wonder what could justify violence .
stand your ground gun laws in some states require that the shooter ' feels threatened ' .
if one side or the other says ' i 'm going to come over there and kick your * ss , deadly violence with a gun could be justified .
i would hope in most states that it would be reviewed in court .
maybe motley could clarify what constitutes a ' legal ' threat ( but may not know virginia law ) .
more violence is likely .
we may see a comeback with the nation of islam or the jewish defense league .
our national obsession in self - centered behavior runs opposite the community values that provided growth to a small nation with many threats to their future .
the size and characteristics of two communities is likely to be very different .
i 'm no longer sure what americans have in common , or what values we share ?
move from   the reserve to a 5star on someone elses ' dime seems like a good hobby to me .
these women should all be married producing white children in stable homes .
not screaming chasing a degenerate pop icon
the canine vaccine is still in development at the u of a. dogs do n't have it yet .
they get sicker than prisoners !
hawaii made mistake incarcerating in az where the legislature does n't give a damn about finding a cure for this disease .
< user > < user > < user > are you implying that only minorities can be illegal aliens
this daughter of immigrants can see that priti patel is a smug dickhead who happily playing the stooge for white supremacy like many light skinned rich south asians before her it always been terrifying to see and it still horrific now also her eyebrows are shit
< user > so you are fine with a bunch of muslim men stopping traffic in the middle of a busy new york street to pray to mecca
sorry i haven ’ t tweeted in a while i ’ m too busy having gay sex
i wish katy perry would teach me her dance moves
< user > hey faggot dm me
when you just on your way home and a sheep is running around in tha street fucking up fraffic flow & # 128580;&#128530 ;
i knew he was gon na say something about those fucking pants
an ignorant comparison ! ! !
6 million jews exterminated just for being jewish .
truly entering the mind of the left is an exercise in madness .
yeah , that comment is still relevant .
/r / movies and movie industry in general are not female friendly .
as a full blown gas the kike nazi otoya yamaguchi is in my top < number > nationalist heroes
so it sounds like you have not been to college and/or been on a college campus or taken college courses for quite a long time .
my guess is the first since you parrot the wildly inaccurate stereotypes perpetuated by the non - college educated , paranoid , far right wing .
all i want is equal protection under the law .
we have never had equal protection under the law for all citizens .
why are you so comfortable with being a beneficiary of so much rape , robbery , torture , and murder ?
folks like you remind me of the " good germans " that never asked , where did the jews disappear to ?
the battery life on my iphone is a fucking joke i have been listening to spotify while i am at work and it down to < percent >
gtfo bitch ass bitch
tfw u do nt trust any of ur friends anymore coz they all lefties and u are trying to hide frrom them ; pppp ty # gab <3
rush to judgement ? ?
sounds a lot like what was said about coderre , a white man , in montreal , and the reason he lost the election ... to a woman !
i liked a @youtube video from @elpikminmaster https://t.co/sygyy86sb0 fire emblem heroes : spring festival nonsense
bitch i think we're taking a quiz on the pages we read and im failing this bad
do n't vote for that jew is you do n't want to be a jew supporter .
signed , nazi germany
" i want to repeat clearly that the morality of amoris laetitia is thomist , the morality of the great thomas . "
no christian should disagree with providing for the needs of the less fortunate .
the wearing of the poppy in workplaces must be permitted in honor of our war dead during the remembrance week in november ( work safety permitting ) .
it is not , in any way shape or form , a political emblem in support of war , but indeed if anything , the opposite .
it is worn in memory of the brave men and women who made sacrifices and , sadly , those who made the ultimate sacrifice as they bravely answered their nations ' call .
the poppy and the remembrance service around the cenotaph also provide us with a forum where we can share our empathy with those grieving the loss of loved ones in the service to the nation .
an executive who would not understand this is hardly a corporate asset .
a woman executive   who could not bring real humanity to the decision making process would seem to lack some of the essence that we supporters of an increase in female executives hope for .
< user > damn thoes legs 🥵 🥵 🥵
hi @harry_styles ツ i 'm sure that listening your voice in your new music , i will be so proud of you as always .
follow me ?
i ᶫᵒᵛᵉᵧₒᵤღ 561,244
i hope the next person i fuck with is actually worth it , i 'm tired of waisting time with temporary people
what starts with h , ends with t , and enables me to love ?
the holocaust
i wonder how long candace owens will last as the latest black sock puppet for conservative white people .
they should all be deported to a somali war zone where they belong , along with every guardian employee .
holy fuck gab is filling up with a lot of degenerate jews even worse degenerate jew lovers
today i found out that uighur muslims is pronounced like wigger muslims and idk what to do with this information
two of my friends have 4 parents , all gay .
it was surprising at first but they 're all great people .
they 're on good terms with the kids so my friends just have more adult guidance in their lives .
it was interesting to piece together when they talked about their families .
as a retired civil servant i begin to get a picture of what it must be like to be black or jewish or muslim , everything wrong with our tax structure is our fault .
it is suggested that we are costing the government billions of dollars extra without one shred of supporting documentation .
just how much is the pension costing canadians over what is being contributed by workers .
i do know that probably twenty years ago there was a substantial surplus in the pension account ( billions of dollars ) which was scooped by the government of the day to put into general revenue over the objection of the public service unions .
in taking the staff contributions government promised they would make up any future deficit .
this they would probably like to forget today .
nowhere in this article is there any financial data to support the assertion that this is costing tax payers anything more than what is being contributed .
the terms and conditions of employment should not be changed retroactively .
seeing trans people that are hot af definitely makes me feel more secure and comfortable and hopeful .
omg .
y' all .
ace boog1e really thought he could make that jump with his stick in his mouth .
the look of shame afterw … https://t.co/sqcacxsep0
the people who killed the columbine shooters are my heroes … i 'm trying to copy what they did , real heroes putting an end to the massacre .
< user > i am telling u black ppl not all stay making fun of asians i see it all the time
pretty and ghetto the type of bitch that won ’ t even say hello 👋
this secret ballot business worries me .
we deserve to know how our representatives , which we   supposedly elected , vote .
all mp 's must vote for what is right , not what is expedient .
what is the german translation of ' harry potter and the chamber of secrets ? "
harry hitler and the chamber of gas .
people are so racist to asians it ’ normalized i literally hate y all
with pride arriving in just a couple days here , let this be your reminder .
ace people are part of the lgbtq+ community .
url
the public school system can really become " public " now , serving families and educating children properly , regardless of their income .
educators will get the respect they deserve .
school children will not be walked around town on dog leashes .
special education will be properly funded .
and most of all the next generation of bc   kids will not lose out .
what about watersign faggots
what do you call a camping jew dead in a couple hours
karma whore hahaha stupid nigger i bet your family all jews
what s the worst part about the holocaust hitler only killed most of the jews
someone let retard paul ryan know that there is no h in the word struggling he pronounces it like ghetto queen moochelle øbama did shtruggling what a dick
i did n't get how the 5 minute dance linked to you being gay you only really needed to read the title and you would know but it 's different i guess ....... i did n't know you could dance so well and i love the bit at the end .
jasmines there !
<3
& lt;---- amount of r / incels brigaders currently spewing normie advice right the fuck now 
 keep this shit low as fuck guys !
what ’s the similarities between a nazi crematorium and a microwave ?
they both cook good snacks .
nothing better than a hairy ass in a jock 🔥 🔥 .
see me spread my cheeks in the jock on url and url # nastypig # hairyass # gaymuscle # queer url
@brian p some said joseph goebells was terrible too .. who else was going to make the articulate case the jew was vermin ?
he was doing his job too .. great man with a nice large family .. the tricks by those who did not support the facist state which wanted to include jews , gypsies , homosexuals were disgusting politics too .. those elements were purged like trump will purge such elements today in the name citizenship .. pure and clean .. make germany .. eh .. i mean maga ..
i can not describe how amazing the @panicatthedisco concert was ... @brendonurie left me fkn speechless
girls like bad boys because they are fun sociable and do not give a shit about them girls like gay men because they are fun sociable and do not give a shit about them i am seeing a link here are not all bad boys just closet homosexuals
neo and hank please beware of these kike lovers mark them just as you would make the jew satans messenger in the flesh
i understood your point and thank you for making it .
part of why as a younger man i felt i could n't be a dad is becsue it did n't happen nuch at all 15 - 20 years ago so growing up a family was one man one women .
adoption was done by straight couples who could n't or did nt want to conceive natuaky .
gay people were never ralked avout as wanting to build families even fron within the comunity .
hopefully my children 's generation will be able to see same sex adoption in exactly the same way as straight adoption but for my generation that 's not possible .
what do you call four mexicans in quicksand ?
cuatro sinko
adoption by gay parents is not allowed .
trans people being judged by other folks on their own self assertion and needing to be certified .
gay relationships not solemnised .
same and equal benefits for non cis folks and non straight couples .
fuckin sjws are gon na say hitler was a white supremacist , ignoring the real problem of the fact he was driven to madness by loot boxes .
twp is not siege idk what have you that retarded idea
fuckin sjws are gon na say hitler was a white supremacist , ignoring the real problem of the fact he was driven to madness by loot boxes .
@baxlyy yeah the shitty membrane keyboard the terrible monitor and the mouse that is always oddly sticky
" ordinary liberty " 
 that is very offensive to me as a freedom loving american .
" ... pander to jewish voters ... " - alceste   my , my , look at the racist who usually hides under his thin veneer posing as the resident intellectual poo - bah dispensing truth and wisdom for   us lesser beings .
commentators on the left not only continuously demonstrate reverse - racism against whites , jews and older white males in particular - even when they themselves are washed - up old legal beagles - their complete intolerance for any view other than a so - called progressive one - about as progressive as communism ever was in its heyday ( newsflash - the dream is over ) , is sadly ironic .
it is also rather comical to watch them bow and scrape to the multi - culti god they have created out of their deep and pervasive ignorance , shame and self doubt regarding our shared western cultural heritage - the most progressive on the planet when compared to the truly xenophobic middle eastern and asian cultures that either do not allow immigrants or do not grant citizenship .
wake up lefty " useful idiots " .
former 2nd in command mod dsar9013 has deleted his account 
 i recently discovered that the former 2nd in command mod of this sub , dsar9013 , has deleted his account without notice .
that ’ what u get for liking white girls
idk y one of y' all hard ass black niggas ai n't find this man n kill him yet .
he been disrespecting that boy since he killed him smdh url
" state honest and specifics facts not faith . "
those are the details to be determined by our elected officials .
who choked more .
< repeat > aaron hernandez or the atlanta falcons ?
i disagree .
kaaihue ( nee stenger ) is what hawai'i needs .
her words may be hurtful to some but it is the democrats ' policies that have exacerbated hawaiian diaspora to where hawaiians have left everything and everyone they have ever known yet some local people are " offended " by her words .
this only confirms that some local people care more about what someone says than they care about hawaiian diaspora .
that is truly shameful .
it also reveals rohfing 's self - righteousness as well .
where was he when hawaiians were leaving hawai'i and did not say one thing about it ?
ironically he is the one who should be denounced .
what sub can we migrate to now ?
between banning xtenticon jokes ( this sub is for dark jokes ) and now this i think we should make a new sub or migrate .
any suggestions fellas ?
islam kills gays .
nothing to do with you being a rude boy .
< user > < user > u r not a nazi u r merely an ex merc < number > globo homo sorry that not patriotism
stfu zionazi destroying america same they did to germany
i 'm going to burn in hell with the hindus and the muslims and anyone else that does n't believe in ... err .. who ? ?
oh yeah yahweh !
fuck off ! !
after my family 's raucous passover meals , we used to escape to the ringling bros. and barnum & amp ; bailey circus in far rockaway , brooklyn : …
if you 're confused about some of these things let me simplify it for you : the jew is never on your side .......... ever .
< user > and ungrateful bitch still chatted that homophobic chat wow
if you ever get as stressed as me about dealing with relatives that are walking microaggressions , remember that you do n't have to like them+
the end of the one - six soccer tale as we crash out in the semi - finals after a sick ass game .
i m from where some niggas hustle some niggas scam and some niggas just feel like they just gone get aggressive and take
< user > < user > there is a reason some states are majority retard and if given the choice they would build farms or malls over them
@goddanc @franklin_graham in the mean time the adult may or may not be her parent .
in the mean time they make the trek to america because people like yourself send a signal of hope , else they would n't attempt the journey .
no amount of tax dollars can effectively help these poor trespassers .
🤡 gas yourself not the jews
a task well done .
i am sad your a nazi splains a lot
you can change your heart but you can not change your fellow man heart if a group of people participates in honor killings genital mutilations treating women as property and legal pedophilia the chances of you changing that are remote we have got our nation and they have got theirs trump maga
blaming all muslims for terrorism makes as much sense as blaming white racism on all christians .
christians did invent race based slavery .
the kkk is a christian organization .
the " good germans " that never asked where the jews disappeared to were christians .
when will the majority of white christians take responsibility for the rape , robbery , torture , and murder that they benefit from ?
the nation was built on ethnic cleansing .
i bet that most christians think of themselves as mere individuals , just like most muslims do .
there is nothing i would love to see more than the arrest , trial and execution of these murderous and genocidal zionists !
then your part of the reason the west is dying .
you want a better country then kick out the niggers and spics with their high crime and breeding rate and get rid of the jews who are hellbent on destroying us
i 'm not anti semitic , but i want all jews to burn in a oven
the well has already blown out of control ..... it will take safety boss in the form of a populist revolt at the ballot box to put it out .
yup , agree .
some liberals take gender roles as offensive but honestly , it just makes everything easier lol .
and of course not all conservative and religious women are happy , so why would someone get mad at an article ? ?
there 's always gon na be a percentage that 's not .
and conservatives do n't just think " oh everything 's fine as it is " , we always want to improve our lives but ( generally ) just do n't complain or bring oneself down about it quite as much because that 's never going to help one 's happiness .
people should know by now that milspec means it shittier than what you can buy commercially oh well tacticool gear queers with too much money are the firearms industry gift that keeps on giving
little boy adam he and dws played around with the awan bros funny how that happens jews working with muslims to hurt america
trump responds to pelosi : ' make america white again ' is a ' very racist statement ' url
< user > you ’ re so gay lmao
oy vey the shoah blue bloods last night had a white guy doing polar bear hunting knockout game of elderly at least he wasn t blond this time like hawaii < number > < number > did with last nights innocent moslem framed for terror
another sick human selling violence just to get likes and views - humans do n't deserve to survive .
the earth will be far better off when homo sapiens kill and toxify themselves out of existence !
well as ' speaker of the house ' he was often very bias supporting harper , not objective at all .
that 's all i need to know , a harperite .
@grazia747 @sandy49855 @moley_russell my sisters children are mixed race .... i would never designate them as one thing and not the other .
i think mixed race people are often super attractive so shouting out all genetic involvement is a positive .
my sis ' kids are white / indian and they 're adorable .
2 3 andme is a strange choice for this sort of thing given that it primarily works at the behest of the israeli government to determine who is a kike or not
yeh because now we live in the generation of delicate men who ca n't take a real woman pussy
as opposed to your thought process , which is simply unbalanced , period .
leftists truly believe that by feminizing our nation men there will be no more war or violence have they seen the ghettos where women are responsible for raising the criminal class they just do not think do they
i 'm sure others will / should weigh in , but i do nt see an issue
we thank naman kathal for registering as # b+ blood donor in # bhopal north , # madhya pradesh # friends2support
trump as king of israel is entirely appropriate an ethnostate ought to have a racist and nazi sympathiser as a monarch
i see plenty of guys doing it too .
it ai n't just " chicks " .
can not do politics offline when degenerate scum like you control the offline that why we have to siege kike shill
@superpaperclip @mo_sawyers1 @jikookiesnsuga @elliebowman58 thé lgbtq community in the usa have privileges that many other groups do n't have though .
< user > jisung hums urging him to continue biting down on his lips to stop the corners of his mouth turning up
those pesky jews sure did deserve the holocaust ... they charged usury to those venerable aryans .
they deserved worse .
/s for you dumb asses out there
no , of course not .
most religious folk are quite open to your decision , and would likely be more than happy to pray for you , if they do n't already .
i 'm atheist , my mom a christian .
she prays for me , and i 'm okay with that .
everyone in that crowd who was carrying tiki torches and chanting " jew will not replace us ! "
and " blood and soil ! "
is a terrorist .
do your research .
this pervert sicko jew bastards gon na fake his death like ken lay , sneak on his degenerate pal trump 's private jet and end up in south america .. where he 'll marry a 5 year old girl 👯 ‍ ♀ ️
well they do n't see it that way , and some hearing - capable stranger turning up saying " you 're all broken " is unlikely to change their minds .
whether or not we agree with them , people tend not to love the idea of being forced to lose their culture / community against their will .
unfortunately you really ca n't .
you look short ( under 6'2 " ) and you 're clearly not a basketball / football player or hood .
you 're best bet is to stay in school and make some money from a good job .
girls will still never be attracted to you for real but at least then you 'll be able to experience a relationship .
make sure to never pay for anything for her until you smash .
sorry bro , that 's life !
read the story .
the shooter was radicalized via the internet after coming here .
more native born americans kill people than immigrants , so blocking all immigrants , while it might make you feel good , would not have a significant impact on the number of murders in the united states .
think more , write less .
my bitchass dogs are on a together rn 🥺 🥺 🥺 take me to new york right this instant i m sad
if anne - frank would be in pokemon ... i bet she was ash ketchum
i 'd deport them all to feminist shithole sweden .
i have seen couple chinese and japanese tourists but i do nt hate you .
you white with pink nasty locs or w e you wanna call those yo i wanna kick this bitch
but todd the literally thousands of children who were raped to death and consumed as toppings on pizza can not come forward their parents are too sad to come forward
to late ... you jooz have already changed america with your usery , degeneracy , filth , deception and manipulation .
boycott isreal and end the fed .
communist parasite
only atheists care about life , religious nuts only cares about their own life to the point where almost all wars have been due to one religion proving superiority over another .
and it 's still happening .....
we the people se no racism .
only the real racists see racism in every word they don't like .
minister asks youtube to remove video directing anti - semitic abuse at him minister asks youtube to remove video directing anti - semitic abuse at him - the irish times - fri , mar 30 , 2012 alan shatter - jewish nation - wrecker - youtube
not quite .
there was no second front worthy of the name until mid 1943 , after the germans had been beaten at kursk(their last major offensive in the east ) , and this was in italy and drew away a few divisions .
the germans were essentially beaten at that point in the east , which was the decisive theater of the war .
had there been no d - day , the war would have dragged on longer , but the outcome really was n’t in doubt .
if britain had simply remained an “ aircraft carrier ” for strategic bombing of germany , and controlled the critical sea lanes as it did , it would have served it ’s purpose .
" saying that our civil rights were not threatened by germany and yet saying that it was because we were supporting britain that was the reason that we did not need to fear for our civil rights . "
i made no such claim , implied or otherwise , not sure how you came to believe that .
can you find the actual quotation , please ?
because it was , in fact , an israeli prime minister -- itzhak rabin -- who was assassinated by a jewish - israeli extremist for signing an agreement with the palestinians .
< user > < user > no they ain t sweetie atlus is homophobic lmao 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 sick delusional fuck
har lol for reels
you think americans consider us bad tippers now .
kind of like how progressive catholics look away at the actual cause of the sex abuse scandal -- priests and nuns with ss orientation .
i can think of billions of more hypocritical things the religious right do / say that could be used to discredit their batshit faulty logic , so why is this a big deal ?
it 's porn on twitter lol .
most people are aware ted cruz is a joke , i do n't think anyone thinks of him as a highly moral figure .
@techconnectify eugenics is a hell of a drug
if it 's drivel then stop responding to it .
who is going to stop the cycle of accusations ? (
and yes this applies to charles too ) .
is it so hard to relate a story   of those we have learned to accept and love ?
one of my closet friends in iowa was the son of japanese women ( who was in japan when we destroyed hiroshima and nagasaki ) , who stands about 5 ' tall and his father , a 6'4 " white dutchman that was in the occupation of japan .
my friend looked like he could have been japanese , mexican , dutch , maybe part black from his work in sun for construction .
he had friends from all walks of life , including a dark / criminal side , but the community embraced him until the day he died .
love looks past our differences and seeks the bonds of a ' hear ' that beats without recognition of skin color , wealth , gender or culture .
she was n't posting pictures of her aunt and pretending they were her .
she was posting pictures taken from " other people or websites " including from a travel site to mexico .
> > > i do n't know of anyone who likes muslim terrorists ?
dude !
your eating right out of donald ’s hands .
he is fear - mongering .
not all muslims are terrorists , do n’t you know .
this is the type of thing the locked up the japanese on the west coast during world war ii .
taken to the extreme , turning fear into hatred , that is what hitler did to the jews during the same time .
we must resist these affronts to out civil society .
those pesky jews sure did deserve the holocaust ... they charged usury to those venerable aryans .
they deserved worse .
/s for you dumb asses out there
wow teachin my daughter how to twerk n take the dick over dat lunch lol bitch will be a boy killer xx hehe latoya having this low of iq and being this much of a ghetto skank proves so much
correct .
and when lumber is sold to the us or china , the carbon that those trees contained , is transferred with them .
... and find another animal for your canadian national animal instead of the 
 “ cheval canadien ” ( the “ french- canadian ” horse or little iron horse ( “ first ” horse here in north america since 1665 ( see google info & pictures ) which of course just by the name , it means all , non ? /
and , shut ! ,
do n’t tell americans 
 their “ morgan ” horse is ... “french canadian horse ” ancestor- 
 let them believe their morgan are “ pure - laine ” , oui ? ;
... and definitely “ harfand des neiges ” ( “ snowyown ” ) stays in québec 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjistvguvvu 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3v-ozpu3iu
not that i 'm condoning this , but i 'd bet every cheerleader who ever cheered has gone through something like this .
in the easy - video era , it 's easy to overinterpret .
what is limp and gassy ?
a dead jew .
we 're the russians when you need them
i have experienced job loss and had to move miles away from family to find work .
but their circumstances takes courage and resilience like no other .
keep up the good fight fort mcers !
.
the sack of garbage trump goes ahead and totally repudiates his forced apology .
he has shown who he is .
he is a racist 
 and he is an anti - semite - even if his daughter converted to judaism 

 his daughter put on a big charade the sat night before the election with her visit ( all frummed - up with a hat ) to the lubavitcher rebbe 's grave .
the lubavitcher rebbe was one of the few in his extended family to survive hitler .
jared kushner has played the " my grandparents were survivors " long enough 
 his fatehr - in - law defends nazis .
his father - in - law condones torchlight marches with grown men shouting " jews can not replace us " 
 his father - in - law is a racist - started out as a racist landlord then graduated to racist noisemaker 
 his fatehr - in - law is either an anti - semite , or he just loves and defends them because they love and defend him 

 the " cutesy " couple of wealthy jews have to either take a stand or get the hell out of public view
soon after weinstein accused affleck of lying in a statement disavowing weinstein twitter users brought up < number > where affleck appeared to grope actress hilarie burton live on camera which in turn prompted several women to come forward to allege that affleck groped them during a party years ago
government is what ruined the young man 's prospects .
see my separate post for how government did that .
and government has the power to reduce the harmful effects of its experiment , a fact strangely absent from your scolding the young man into moving to northern manitoba ...
\>username is " antifemalefederation " \>he will go to prison and potentially get anally gang raped by big burly * * black * * dudes \>if a * * female * * lies about being raped , she should get life in prison because she can ruin the * * man * * 's life forever .
\>false rape accusations are worse than death , rape , torture , kidnaping , and murder combined .
it 's the worst thing you can do to a man .
\>post history is an absolute fucking train wreck i seriously hope you 're trolling , dude .
not sure what the point is .
the liberals have repeatedly said that the deal is : 

 1 .
the conservatives ' , not theirs , although they will take credit for the jobs and economic activity ... 

 2 .
a strictly commercial transaction and thus outside the purview of the government 


 cotler should know better .......
i 'm reporting here that i have n't seen or heard anything on talk radio or tv that even hints at jewish supremacist ethnic cleansing of whites from usa or europe .
considering there is a large lgbt community within the police , why are n't we commemorating it by celebrating how far we 've come and being inclusive , rather than gatekeeping and deciding that some lgbt people are ok but others are n't ?
ok mod , stop making new accounts just to post some gay shit .
downside of using @blocktogether is that i have to create a new twitter account for each block list .
fuck this twitter mess cus all y ’ all some retarded birds nsu girls amp guys about to win the conference tomorrow tho behold
we should at least try to better educate them then , and they should at least want to learn more of the ideology .
i 'd deport them all to feminist shithole sweden .
spot the wee lil bunny plotting on my ghetto vegetable garden i still love him her
" go fuck yourself . "
if the abrahamic god is the one we 're talking about , he 's a goddamn cunt .
part from da zhid turning up his toes this will serve well if true
like i 'm on my tl really seeing girls who are lighter / or maybe not but have looser curl types mad because girls with kinky hair are asking
why do we not know where the holocaust went ?
because the victims went up in smoke .
@odysseuslahori @iqshoaib hang till death all religious pimps ! !
claiming that everybody who does n't trust jews or does n't like living around blacks is , by definition , a natsoc is just stupid 

 america was not a natsoc nation for the first 200 years 
 yet those would 've been typical american views
@cnn like 15 years , taxes , home bills , utilities , my phone 707 .
listed .
fucking niggers beat me with the he jews .
cohen 's gang paid moonlighting law enforcement pi .
put them in jail .
i say shoot .
if and when the u.s.a. and it allies ever get rid of daesh ( isis / il ) , will they then go after and eliminate all the muslim groups , like hamas , hezbollah , islamic jihad , the taliban , al qaeda , abu sayyaf , boko haram , al shabaab , etc .
and all the other groups of muslims in many countries around the world , that want to destroy jews , christians and non believers ?
what was the hardest part of the holocaust ?
my dick .
rest in pain marilyn monroe was a pig that did anything that you could to make yourself look good she was n't a real blonde and her real name was norma jean she was a jew a real pig
the guy in his twenties is a cunt .
you white arseholes including john have no idea what real work is .
the gay black dude in the mickey mouse t shirt is just as " soft" .
you arseholes are moaning about jobs that people here in africa would literally kill you for .
every kike needs to be baptised
i know tons of ugly people who get laid .
the difference is they are n't horrible misogynist human beings .
< user > < user > but that tweet is written by someone who wrote a show w a black woman being raped by a white man and later says thank you for doing it 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️
what 's the difference between jewish people and santa claus ?
their direction in the chimney .
photo op for < number > useless < number > kike < number > white trailer trash usa trump hating motherfuckers that need to be exterminated immediately
karma whore hahaha stupid nigger i bet your family all jews
yes , but europeans ca n't spew vile garbage at jews and muslims .
this was pushed more by the eugene city manager and city counsel than the county .
i heard rumblings the county did not want to pursue very hard .
investigation of a robbery , huh ?
the robbery had been a couple of days prior in another town .
i listened to the police scanner recording :   " the two occupants - just look like people that were involved in a robbery ... the driver looks more like one of our suspects - just because of a wide set nose " .
it appears that mr. castile had been pulled over 52 times for minor traffic stops in the last couple of years .
that guy must have really looked like a lot of crime suspects i guess - especially with his wide set nose .
or maybe his skin color .
i know all about your tricks so do n't you fucking try it
i used to enter horse competitions until i was thrown off one and broke my leg .
my senior year i 'm not sitting in this boring ass ceremony !
my father just going have to get tf over it & # 128514;&#128514 ;
man f**k that guy he mad cuz blueface pull all them girls 👀 3:35
\ > in a country people of all races enjoy equal rights ?
well , that does n't seem true .
i mean historically , african americans were significantly discriminated against , even in the last 50 years .
the outcome of this discrimination can still be seen today .
more recently , there are still many policies that negatively affect african americans more than others .
< user > < user > no one stand for illegal immigrants but he is trying to target only muslim immigrant what does it mean illegal immigrants are illegal immigrants how can you exclude only one community it shows how much hate they have for muslim in india
i am watching rich lowry on fbn right after the hearings and he still does n't get it .
none of the media gets it .
regardless of how despicable trump the man may actually be ( likely far less than a hyperbolic media want to paint him ) , he has become emblematic of the forgotten men and women of america who simply have had enough of beltway politics as usual .
trump has been proven skilled at the clintonista art of triangulation .
he has effectively isolated and fixed the following three targets .
beltway pundits , the swamp of establishment politicians and lobbyists ( regardless of party ) and the complicit , cloying or more often , agenda - driven media .
every time one or the other comes after him , they just further trump 's case against them .
but more importantly , now that trump is president , the ad hominem attacks against a billionaire , insulated , frankly impervious , they are really attacking the forgotten men and women , they are attacking us by way of attacking the symbol of our discontent .
[ classic ] guy asks out 1000 girls and gets rejected by all of them , comments are full of people shitting on op
basic popular conferences are shipped off to be changed or one nation is the people as democracy means the fact that the
< user > < user > gutsy now means staying with a rapist defending said rapist destroying women he raped and hanging on to said man to ride in on his coattails sad
salami preaches to kill the non - believers and gay people .
you know what i 'm talking about .
rt @undeveioped : me : i 'm getting sick mom : cuz u be on that damn phone https://t.co/bpbmawnrf0
< user > < number > so what is the jewish plan when the globalist and zionist clash with each other how many aryans caucasians europeans and other white and non jewish nations are going to be conscripted to fight and die in this next war < number >
the reality is you not finna learn which type of bitch you donating to until after you done spent on her
“ today a new country , canada , ” he beams , smiling broadly despite the varied pains of a nearly 12 - hour walk through darkness and waist - high snow . “
it ’s a very good country . ”
yes , it is a very good country .
thanks emerson for showing selfless humanity and samaritan goodness to these people who have walked 12 hours in snow up to their waist .
< user > and democrats will never ever again call you racist sexist nazis no sir never
what 's the difference between a jew a dollar ?
i would care if i lost 6 million dollars
to solve a problem we need to see the whole picture and admit the bitter truth that hoaxes and false - flag incidents happen .
consider the lavon affair https://tinyurl.com/mpd7y4z and the terrorist bombing of the king david hotel by the zionist terrorist group , irgun , with jews dressed as arab workers on july 22 , 1946 .
irgun leader menachem begin was later asked by journalist russell warren howe , " would you say that you are the father of terrorism in the middle east ? "
begin proudly proclaimed " no !
in the world ! "
https://tinyurl.com/zjdrkom 

 to call israel , with a 20 % palestinian minority , a “ jewish state ” is like calling the us , with a 13 % black minority , a “ white country . ”
those who say the latter are accused of “ hate speech ” ... moreover , israeli palestinians live under 50 + discriminatory laws like our former jim crow .
alt - right white nationalists like richard spencer praise israel ’s jewish nationalism as a model for their own racist ideology .
https://tinyurl.com/zd5rel5
if this day ends without you even acknowledging my existence , i 'll be so fucking done .
sand nigger rats at it again
it 's been several years since i 've contributed code .
this was due to a conflict with an employer .
i * asked * for my commit bit to be retired .
this kills productivity .
there is no way a junior pi can afford to be so choosy .
it would be idiotic to refuse a good - enough trainee .
in hindsight , this was not a wise move & lt;24 hrs before doing a keynote .
but whatever .
i 'm a punk rock sea urchin .
only chopped up my bangs .
i 'm not ann 's fan but delta should be paying thru their nose for actually stealing her seat and reward it to someone god know for what .
* update * how do i avoid screwing screwing my child 's father over with child support ?
girls golf results ?
i love how the anti - semites on this comment board are attacking israel and the jews but ignoring the article right below it on the web page on russian bombers attacking idlib today .
you know that these commenters do n't care a whit about arab lives or rights , just attacking the jewish state .
like i 'm just the type of person who sees all the good in everyone so it makes me genuinely upset when people throw away their life
would n't it be easier if we just sent them to the gas chambers ?
at least they would n't have to suffer anymore ffs
i almost fell off my chair with sadness and anger when i heard this from the vanguard site .
nat geo trying to blame radical islam on anything but islam and the show is less than a minute in
niggas be smart w bitches in the stash
free gay muscle anime pictures best household sex toys sex change tests
< user > while i have seen some of this footage before it is a reminder that a good < number > of these so called refugees appear to be men of fighting age with no intention of assimilation not the families children the media like to find show
i am not supporting zille 's thoughtless remarks , but to me the author 's analogy with her tweets to colonialism that " today ’s jews benefited from scientific advances made during the holocaust " is unsustainably idiotic .
hi all i just thought i should leave a note and wish all of our southern gentlemen and ladies a happy ` ` robert edward lee day '' .
" trade and jobs are the centre of mr. trudeau ’s foreign policy , because they are the centre of mr. trump ’s . "
if only it were true .
our pm continues to talk about his job creation machine that is the green industry and publicly muses about winding down the oil sands industry .
he has many lofty goals , but no real plans that can been seen .
if the election of trump can help canada in any way , it might be that trudeau will be forced to hit the ' reset button ' , give his head a shake and recognize that jobs matter to people more than creating a lasting legacy for our green pm .
" white privilege " is not much different from how jews had   always been depicted as   snivelling rich bankers drinking baby blood , who exploit   poor people with usury and cheat .
privilege is just another version of shylock aimed at white people .
it is the haters who are doing the hating , as depicted in   the elders of zion , or mien kampf : old hate , new hated .
imma do you faggots like the left the gods today
so just one was white wow you 're a brilliant example of why most people believe most americans are idiots
if memory serves ashkenazi jews and east asians have higher average iqs
every fucking time .
i get the dumbass as teammates
get real gee .
why should taxpayers pay for a float ( which is just   a pr move ) when cop can and do march as individuals in their cop uniforms and paid cops in uniform provide security .
when scrolling through uk newspaper headlines it becomes terribly obvious that uk is a cold hearted degenerate shithole it is no wonder that children are raped by muslim gangs for decades while most turn their backs
how is president trump going to let the taliban into america but build a wall to keep immigrants out the clownery
2016 was the u.s. music industry ’s best in 8 years # robots https://t.co/moocwggcnm https://t.co/7ovrgejb8 t
facebook allowed advertisers to target ‘ jew haters’.png 
 today , propublica published a bombshell report showing how facebook allowed advertisers to select anti - semitic categories to target certain users .
facebook apparently has ad categories such as : 
 * jew hater 
 * how to burn jews 
 * history of why jews ruin the world 
 really .
well , if you are trying to target groups of nazis , white nationalists or just super angry white guys who want to dress in matching polos and khakis while carrying tiki torches , you may want to select these categories .
and facebook is totally there for you !
at the end of the day , facebook is a business and their product is you , the user .
they will take any money they can from advertisers , because that is their business - selling access to you .
so if you are a nazi , they will market that .
and to the right company / group / political candidate / hostile foreign government working on behalf of a political candidate , that is what they are looking for - nazis .
i fucking hate when my packages are delivered by fedex just leave them in the fucking front goddamit i paid for < number > day shipping at < user > for these dumb asses to not deliver my package bc nobody is there ups would never
i m , i hate black people and minorities
narcissistic bitch
hopefully she will be more canadian than coderre ever was and attempt to embrace the west , rather than laugh at any misfortune we may have .
apparently we are at the ghetto tgifridays all that missing is some pimps ho every other stereotype is here though
such as ?
like i said , i can help you craft the formal request for a correction ...
< user > immigrants hit back < number > times harder their really small
racist cunt martin laurance wow look at all these black people wtf are you doing here oh is that rude then wtf makes you think its not rude to all races u funny cunts everyone is gonna be killed by nazi social engeneering multicult satanic cult nwo shit fuckin retards im sick of it just fuck off leave people the fuck alone
transculters : a great bunch of lads who just want to smash your head in with a baseball bat and make you choke on their " girl dicks " .
url
the @foreignoffice bows to its masters , after all , the very building they doss in is under islamic bond like the rest of establishment buildings in london .
utter cuck subservient , weak scum !
forwhatisworth , when these people started 50 years ago to want to kill all jews and continue to think like that instead of negotiating a settlement they deserve what they have .
terrorists are terrorists and desrve to live in ruins .
i guess there are some that prefer to see polio cases again ( any iron lungs still out there ) , kids born deaf due to parents getting rubella during pregnancy and a host of other diseases .
it seems if you are too young to remember those days , you assume that vaccinations are no longer needed .
jesus gave 6 million people bread and wine but hitler made 6 million jews toast
@moviepassfreaks @lindseygrahamsc how many people of color and lgbt are where ?
what is a little jewish boy doing by the chimney ?
waiting for his mother .
they also love to add 10 years to my age .
which does n't bother me .
i grew up envious of unix beards .
how are jewish rabbis able to perform cheap circumcisions ?
they just keep the tips
just in case anyone is interested , here 's the thread in the health & fitness section : ` ` eating fish makes you smarter '' along with another one in the homemaking section : ` ` fish oils and pregnancy and infants = health smart babies '' i think the scientific evidence for the benefits of fish is just overwhelming .
to simply say they have freedom of speech is to oversimplify what this flag symbolizes .
it has long been a symbol of hate and intimidation not of only african americans but asians , jews , native americans , hispanics and anyone who is n't white .
if you wave it in my face and i 'm not white how should i interpret it ?
you are making a statement of hate and intolerance .
as a person of color to ignore that would be foolish and possibly dangerous .
# mufc 's v2 rocket style of football is fucking sickening !
shite !
while muslims excoriate us about supposed islamophobia , we should bear in mind islam 's entrenched xenophobia , homophobia , misogyny , judeophobia , christophbia , europhobia , americanophobia , democraceaophobia ,   iconoclasm , and even islamophobia against each other .
ancient hatreds and wars of extermination between kurds , shiite , sunni , wahhabi , druze and other islamic sects are worse than anything expressed in the west , even by trump
this single shit is ghetto as fuck
@ilhanmn * unless they are jewish , then my buddies in hamas can kill them .
no one : nobody at all :   not a single soul white people : " oh you care about others ?
you 're a dumb retard nigger n u love fags u should kill itself n the jews deserved the holocaust .
that 's why blue lives matter "
i have just posted this joke and people are dying already all around the world .
< user > i m supposed to be worried about men instead that s that lgbtq bullshit why black women want all black men to be raging gay faggots no i m interested in woman
a feminist on the bbc just said the royal air force need to create a safe space for women to report unwanted sexual advances i think she will soon realize what real unwanted sexual advances are if a female pilot is ever shot down over a moslem country
concrete mr. kema in a wooden coffin and drop the filled coffin in the ocean at a depth of 500 feet .
< user > last time i spoke to him he told me that jews are trying to take over the world
these are always the dudes with a mullet or a man bun trying to look tough at the mall .
have a good time in the rebar hotel beavis n butthead
do not forget un security council resolutions 242 and 338 .
read them if you do n't know them .
the borders are to return back to 1967 lines .
go ahead and count on trump to be your savor or your golem .
in the end , the white supremacists that voted him in will just as quickly slice a jewish throat as they would a muslim one .
i served our country from rescuing hurricane andrew survivors in florida safeguarding haitian refugees in cuba close quarters combat in somalia i did it for democracy i did it for america this crony in our house is undoing every bit of it i am the whistleblower
beyoncé has < number > albums in billboard < number > 😌 see when your the main bitch
he is a jew , what do you expect .
i just heard that nassau county ny is moving to cancel a rock concert of pink floyd 's band member rodger waters because of he refuses to perform in israel .
if that is not enough , that county apparently has in place a rule that companies not in favor of israel can not do business with the county .
when i lived in europe many people would say to me that america is a jewish country and/or that it had been hijacked .
i used to think they were nuts for what they said but i know now that they had a strong point .
often , words become ' offensive ' only * after * some assholes * choose * to be offended by them .
... did you forget to read the article ...
# thewalkingdeadi knew the garbage people were fucking backstabbers
@aryanliving welcome to the movement .
anyone who gets even minor publicity is a queer , fed , or jew ( well , according to the internet ) .
if half white non negro and jew are pro white and do n't reproduce then they are ok .
it is probably one of those van der merwe jokes ( is n't their attorney a van der merwe ? )
< user > erm tommy robinson isn ’ t against refugees
gaines it supposed to touch a dyke
it 's weird that after mentioning greenpeaces ' statement about the effect on caribou populations , you did n't actually refute their claims .
in fact , you did n't even mention it again in the rest of the article .
i 'll plead ignorance in the local populations in quebec , but we know for a fact that caribou species are threatened and in the sar in portions of bc through human encroachment and the lumber industry .
if you 're of the opinion jobs are more important than local wildlife , you should just say so .
people like me will certainly switch off at that point and disregard your thoughts , but at least you'dve been honest about your opinions .
or if their claims are exaggerated , you should 've said so .
but i 'll wager if they were you'dve mentioned it along with everything else .
" framing " sucks .
even if it 's allowed in editorials .
it 's akin to fake news
you are not serious are you ?
if not , yeah its funny .
if not , i sorry .
what ’s the one thing that jews and santa clause have in common ?
they both travel through the chimney .
i heard hitler has an addiction to adderall something about improving concentration
why the chinese are brighter than the jews
they say there 's safety in numbers try saying that to 6 million jews
lil lean you know money skrt skrt trash hoes
because you prefer men that grovel ?
i prefer men / women that stand up for what is right ...
breitbart , the rebel and infowars are a direct response to the mainstream non - objective left - leaning views of the mainstream media which includes cnn , cbc and ctv.watching the sunday scrum on the cbc sunday mornings for example with an all - leftist panel of pundits including susan riley and john ibbitson is nothing short of liberal propaganda .
@clipzys ha ha probably the dicktionary you faggot
how many autists does it take to call the bear jew on jay clayton ?
i 'm not biased or anything .
ignore my twitter screen name and open source affiliations :p # bsdcan
oh god , demotivational poster style memes .
god i feel old , i used to spend hours looking those things up .
what 's a germans favorite game ?
one in the chamber .
the shark tank negotiating theme sounds like the soundtrack to the original x - com game .
another one for the inbred jews
hodes implies that by not speaking out against zille 's tweet , jews are somehow deserving of tis horrendous tweet ; specifically because zille is jewish .
is she not , also , say , female ?
english ?
a capetonian ?
why impose the obligation onto jews only ?
why not attack any other group ?
the truth is , there is no justification in supposing that the jewish community needs to speak out simply because zille is jewish .
after all , she did not speak as a jew .
hode 's contention is that jews somehow deserved mnxgitama ’s racist tweet .
that contention is in itself racist , and absurd .
i 've been feelin ' my brown vibes a lot lately like i have n't watched a bollywood movie in years & amp ; i 've watched 1 a day for the past 3 days
this corny nigga suck 💀 💀
chart immigrant population in european countries < date > france has high rates of immigrants foreign born but also high rates of immigrants in 2 nd generation not counted as immigrants in the chart
< user > no homo ofcourse 👌 💍
they say there 's safety in numbers try saying that to 6 million jews
so every friday in every mosque the imams pray for the killing of all jews and infidels .
but we must show solidarity with muslims ?
welcome to the left wing twilight zone !
" hey ferling , let 's go fuck with our retarded cousins on lockdown "
believe your beliefs .. doubt your doubts , if not you will ... doubt your beliefs . -
rich simmonds # quote
based on my personal experience working in the system for a decade or so , the people who do not buy car insurance also do n't pay fines .
in fact , that 's one reason lots of them are suspended drivers in the first place .
rotfl , no , i was thinking of joseph of cupertino .
i was n't aware that teresa was the levitating type .
apparently , there was a lot of levitating during the counter - reformation .
but even in our own time , catholics were obliged to ( at least pretend to ) believe the thoroughly debunked story of how " mother " theresa cured a woman of cancer and in the manifestly mythical juan diego cuauhtlatoazin .
the russian revolution was a total failure and the workers never had controlled of nothing .
as a matter of facts , the average workers suffered under the communist system because , production went down .
feminists ' superpower is nagging url
why are so many news organisations trying to defame youtubers recently ?
like wsj and all the others , you 're irrelevant , fuck off
drawing for u god i am so bad at drawing its so boring ( has pen ) god drawing is so fun , omg i wanna drawww ( does nt know where that idiot is )
difference between a jew and a canoe ?
a canoe tips
wow never had such a busy evening until now bluehand family joining gab in droves here all free speech is welcomed if snowflake soy boy leftie sjws are not content with mute or stop follow then they can fuck off to dhimmi moslem cock sucking twatter
fuck her right in the pussy !
wah ha ! !
i do n't need anger management but i need people to stop pissing me off .
not an answer i 'd expect from a mod .
@rfupdates ... it appears the self - delusion and self - righteousness is on display once again !
mind you , about 70 % of the world 's population thinks exactly the same about your christian religion !
what do you have to tell them , mr. hubris ?
shove your man - made religion where it hurts !
🤣
< user > < user > < user > why are you making a rape report thread about you tucker carlson is a metaphor for a white nationalist news source and why are you as a christian insinuating that jesus christ — who was an illegal immigrant to egypt — more likely to be a rapist
' wapo , ny times , thomson reuters ' 
 left wing opinion rags .
lop rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad addresses the house on the muslim women ( protection of rights on marriage ) bill 2019 .
url
i see that the white nationalist shooter was captured alive and well .
so , let me just see if i 'm properly understanding this nice little set - up that has been established in the u.s. > * be black and suspected of selling single cigarettes - death by chokehold * _ _ _ > * be white , indoctrinated by far - right extremist rhetoric , and conduct a mass shooting that leaves 20 people dead - wind up in custody * am i missing something here ?
if taeyong ever comes out with a solo album , please have it be a cute concept .
full serious about this
christophobic much ?
i am sure you have some equally kind stereotypes about jewish people , black people , etc .
the monkees- got ta give it time is a fucking quality tune
thirld world migrants are only deported from sweden if they commit really serious crimes such as questioning the number of jews gassed recycled into lampshades in the alleged holocaust
hey goyims my name is abraham and i just talked to god and what did he say to you that the land of the arabs belongs to me
because it is the epitome of leftist mentality ... you disregard immigration laws you support baby killing you are anti white anti christian anti american .... i grew up there ... in my day we worried " why ca n't johnny read " today they worry " why ca n't juan illegally enter and wear a dress to school "   hollywood san francisco and silicon valley is the core of the anti american left … now your gov has the nerve to ask the rest of america to kick in a repair california .. let your 7th largest economy fix it or kick out your illegals and save billions ... … @esmeralda ramirez
tldr : incel ironically sounds like a man going his own way than mgtow
bbc quits broadcasting to focus on bbc tv licence fee harassment business to fund bbc common purpose degeneracies courts enforced tv licence fee funded bbc where truth gets slaughtered
ok mod , stop making new accounts just to post some gay shit .
at least men can make up with status or personality or wallet fatness .
i ca n't stand the orange man ; ca n't see why any of you idiots ( who also voted for bush / cheney ) voted for him ;   but i 'm thankful he started his speech tonight condemning the violence against jews across the nation .
i predict that a terrorist will bomb manhattan ny tomorrow morning .
like i said earlier the english have been subjected to a far worse campaign of indoctrination than the rest of us .
i think we the united states of america should just blow iran from the face of the planet and any other country that supports terrorists .
when jordan conquered the west bank in 1948 they ethnically cleansed the region of all jews .
the community of hebron which was the oldest continuous jewish community on earth was removed .
the jewish quarter in east jerusalem was expelled and the synagogues blown up .
along with many other jewish villages expelled .
what does the un say about that ?
all i hear is crickets .
unbelievable hypocrisy !
israel captures east jerusalem 19 years later and it is occupied land ?
netanyahu should follow president duterte 's lead in dealing with the un and tell them where to go .
sickening organization of dictators and hypocrites .
perfect place for lefty relativists who seek to reclassify all life on earth in new pronouns and interpretations and destroy all society in the process .
all the jews i have ever known will do anything for money , and all i can say is there are no good jews
i know right ?
stupid kuffar pigs .
we should honestly put these decadent and degenerate pigs in chains , so as to discipline them in our superior ways
why did hitler kill himself ?
the gas bill
oh yeah it 's because they study so hard and their family 's value education ect ect ......
if that 's yo hoe ... that 's my hoe 2
pope hypocrite should rethink most of his political positions , if he considers himself to be christian .
vatican city is surrounded by a wall .
they have no illegal immigrants in vatican city and only handful of highly screened refugees . "
pope francis , tear down your wall ! "
romans 13 makes it clear that christians ( and popes ) are to respect civil governments .
coming into a country illegally clearly resists civil authority .
pope francis proclaiming that daca is pro - life , reveals his rebellion to god . (
isaiah 5:20 woe to those who call evil good and good evil ) .
should nations have borders and immigration laws ?
the law of moses laid out borders for israel .
furthermore , the law also instructed israel on how to handle aliens / foreigners .
they had to eventually become jews or get expelled .
after nehemiah led the people to rebuild the walls around jerusalem , he expelled the foreigners from the city and punished the jews for raising their children to be pagans ( nehemiah 13 ) .
yaw got my babydaddy @youngdolph fucked up&#129315;&#128044;&#128044;&#128044;&#128044;&#128044 ; # bulletproof
if the feds prosecute they will find a new meaning to handling a joint .
just cut off his nuts and be done with it , then lock him in the closet , until age is just another number .
the pud is the highest form of monopoly .
your " voice " means little in the event of mismanagement as all pud debts must fall on county ratepayers .
yeah , you can complain to the commissioners , but you have no appeal .
at least with pse we could petition the utilities and transportation commission and in the event of mismanagement or imprudent investment pse was libel for the costs , not us .
to get my point , all that 's necessary is to look at tacoma 's click network - that government monopoly is out of control and costing tacoman 's dearly .
with regard to adding local jobs - yeah , a handful of jobs may have resulted ( albeit some workers are living outside jefferson county ) , but it was done by borrowing $ 100 million dollars !
a quick calculation suggests the pud gambit cost about $ 5 million for each job - a brilliant government investment with our money .
with respect to green energy i repeat , going pud did nothing to reduce carbon it simply switched suppliers - a pyrrhic victory of sorts ?
i do hate how expensive bus tickets are with a burning passion , i do n't even understand why the hell they 're so pricy ? !
@uwuteddiebear @2spookay dudes pressuring girls into sex is gross and i pray never do that to someone .
this kitchen invention takes away the worst thing about peeling fruit https://t.co/ln3sfksnvq facebook https://t.co/r8mr0dztow google+ …
given that they backstab each other like skaven but do not have the numbers to repopulate from screwing each other i say the muzzies because they breed like the skaven
losing private sector jobs in exchange for public sector ( government ) jobs to me is never a good thing .
in addition to the higher cost the public will be paying as these businesses increase their rates ( and they will ) , this will create an even greater tax burden as we will have to pay for 30,000 new public employees and their benefit packages .
private security measures paid for by the public comes from ' after - tax ' income and yet most of us do it because we can not trust saps .... who are often dishonest it seems and often not there when they are needed .
the same applies to metro enforcement , traffic police etc .
corporate security at malls and shops is laughable ... mostly there 's a presence but there are no lights on !
i think it is fair to say that if a hetorsexual couple could not go into a certain restaurant , bakery , rent a certain apartment or get turned down from a job where the employer , just divorced ,   hates marriage that couple would find an attorney to sue asap .
ok yea i listen to weird music but this guy is playing some metal mexican rap shit and i really need to leave this class
black kid gets killed by white man ... and the white man even admitted to why he killed him ... but he is mentally ill ? ?
and putting race aside .. a kid gets killed over some damn rap music ? ?
becuz it was too loud ? ? ?
wow   white devil
you know it a sad state of affairs living in england when even the immigrants are getting pissed off with immigration
hurrah for jeff merkley !
merkley brilliantly and arduously exposed the extreme hypocrisy of mitch mcconnell , who had absolutely " no principled reason to block " merrick garland , an " exceptional , exceptional supreme court nominee ” .
it is amazing that people like mcconnell can live with themselves .
stephen j. remington
oh my god .
@christinelove is adorable .
i have a crush . #
gameloading
i went to the recycle center in w. eugene , and wound - up giving my box of cans to someone else in line and will never go back .
the place was disguising and the people were a bit skanky .
these women should all be married producing white children in stable homes .
not screaming chasing a degenerate pop icon
republicans voted to kill bear cubs and wolf pups in their dens .
this is not about hunters but lawmakers voting to support trophy hunting in alaska .
cory gardner and scott tipton voted yes to this outrageous law .
women wtf r u doing
< user > you incite violence you are proud of it mass shooters white van driving maga bombers racists rapists and dirty cops you should be charged with obstruction threats and witness tampering you goon
no , i must have two or three kids and teach them to be racially - aware .
< user > everybody is like “ omg delete this ” “ you ’ re so gay ” nah this is < number > this stupid bitches fault plus she recorded it 💯 💯 go isma 😹 😹
and charlie hebdo 's editors routinely pulled cartoons that mocked jews and israel .
hypocrisy !
1 .
jews are not semites .
david does not speak against jews , nor semites .
so the b'nai brith is barking up the wrong tree here .
2 .
david refers specifically to political zionism , which is not jewish , it just claims to be jewish in order to accuse those who point out political zionism ( criminals ) as racist and hate speech .
facts are not hate .
they are facts .
3 .
he does not deny the holocaust , period .
he never has .
4 .
david claims reptilians as he was misdirected through mind control subjects ( arizona wilder ) , credo mutwa ( fables and stories and legends , which are not fact ) , and ancient sites worldwide ( reptilian artifacts were metaphores , and not literal physical entities ) .
david is incorrect in his reptilian self - misdirection ( too bad ) , and his " metaphysics " is up for grabs , but everything else is spot on correct ( agencies and intelligencia information ) .
there is no hate speech whatsoever when it comes to david .
this is just a self - interest and disinfo campaign by aiden fishman .
what do pikachu and 6 million jews have in common ?
they 're both ashes .
last time i checked it was the alt right that got trump in office kike do not act like you do not know that
stop comparing asians the term is broad and refers to a massive spectrum of culture history and appearances east asians are valid south east asians are valid caucasians west asians are valid
happy ve day < number > years since ww2 and the surrender of nazi germany to the allied forces 🇬 🇧
< user > i am a muslim this hurts to much we are also human not animals so why this we must report this acc
kys cracker
we must remove this cancer that the usa and british zionists planted on top of palestine because this israel is the biggest threat to europe ever to exist !
i just hope europe honours its citizens by kicking the ass of the usa , and never have any business with it .
death to israel and all its zionists !
vegas is diverse and open to all people .
though there are still racial tensions here and there .
you may find even non whites can be racist towards other races but they are definitely not what defines the area .
let 's hear from her how tollerant islam followers are to the jews .
how do the muslims self - reflect on this ?
do they still want to kill   all jews ?
based on the dismal 2016 for mawer balanced , we sold off about a third of our holdings -- in registered accounts -- where we would not be crystallizing large capital gains for the cra 's benefit .
the long - term performance is stellar , but our personal ips includes the vanguard 60/40 global neutral couch potato which is much like the etf comparison portfolio here .
it returned 6.71 % in 2016 .
so we acted !
in fact , by using hedged etfs , the performance was severely impacted , as the three - year compounded return for unhedged was 8.29 % vs. 5.97 % , and the 4 - year average was 10.36 % vs 7.89 % -- a considerable drag , making it an apples and oranges comparison .
after 4 - years , mawer returned 11.34 % vs. 10.36 % , favourable but pretty comparable , which was not evident from the hedged performance of just 7.89 % .
in fact , the 2 - year number for the unhedged etfs was 6.89 % vs mawer 's 6.79 % , meaning short term was not just a one - year thing .
be careful , as the bigger picture differs from what you read .
so , when does the new linkin park album ... drop ?
two fucking hours of just him talking im shook to the core i cant believe
in the addiction treatment community , that kind of move is called " pulling a geographic " .
it 's very common , but it seldom leads to a solution unless someone is still in treatment and/or really committed to overcoming the addiction .
often it leads to worse problems , as loneliness and social isolation in the new area prompts the old addictive behaviours .
@elliot are you scared , kosher boy ?
attack iran and israel will be nuked into stone age .
@mrruss10000 yes and jews rape children and suck on freshly circumsized infant penis
elder downing , 

 perhaps the solution is to for dissenting adventist congregations in n. america .
to adopt the chinese model .
then neither the gc , nad , uc or lc can have any control over what they believe or do .
there is then no need to seize control over wo from the world church .
organize dissenting adventist churches on a congregational basis as pastor lui 's church in china has done .
is n't this the simple answer ?
like lot and abraham ; you go your own way .
god will bless you .
a majority have voted down wo at three general conferences over the last thirty years .
the answer seems to me , institute local congregational control like adventists have in china .
why did historians chose the name holocaust , meaning animal sacrifice in greek , for the genocide of jews in nazi germany ?
animal sacrifices were offered so the gods would give prosperity to the people and ward off evil spirits , hitler sacrificed < number > million jews so that germany could become a prosperous world power and protect itself from the evil of international usurers . (
got me banned from / r / jokes ; sadly most people would rather suck a kike 's dicks than kill a fucking demon .
good riddance , white people deserve the " white genocide " because it 's white suicide , they are begging for their own people and culture to be enslaved and exterminated because they bend over for anyone with dark skin or earlocks .
i have no faith in white people . )
nd only < percent > nigger but jewish culture should be taken into account here thanks jews
we will get new photos of them , , , being together,,,not on set , , , in fancy clothes and makeup sign me the fuck up
dear america for my friends everything for my enemies the law sincerely sanctuary cities blm antifa city of berkeley illegal immigrants sjws hollywood celebs the swamp leftists rinos democrats obama hillary facebook twitter apple google
< user > i do not get why it just white people that are forbidden at my high school arabs said it all the time with no complaints or anything which again i found weird because i thought the word was forbidden because white people enslaved black peoples
i bet @chrisbrown woke up & amp ; rolled over into some bad ass curly headed pxssy this morning & # 128557;&#128557;&#128557 ;
grade school must be out for the summer .
when did you notice you were an incel 
 see title , was it because you visited this sub ?
homosexuals did the holocaust
anyways shit man the rainbow flag represents lesbians better than that pink knock off garbage fire one
and obama hung out with white ppl in martha vineyard on holidays not in the ghetto imagine that
do these people have a clue how absurd this is ?
you 'd have to believe that suddenly christians would accept the imposition of government mandated extra - marital intercourse , that slavery would suddenly become legal and popular again , women would lose the vote , and the 1st amendment would be abolished .
oh , and men , christian and secular alike , would accept a regime where only the elite were allowed to have sex .
you also have to believe that trump , congress , the military , the courts , and law enforcement are all religious fanatics that still somehow have decided to reject 2000 years of religious teachings on marriage , tenets that are held by many jews and muslims as well as christians .
it 's science fiction , people , and not particularly good science fiction .
maybe it just my crazy mom unresolved issues but i love a bitch who brings a < number > cal to a knife fight slav level < number >
ffs just seen yet another < user > report that has failed correctly report the basic facts correctly so much for basic research
do you prefer comic books in color or black and white
the future ?
we just need to look at the past to see the terrible consequences from these ideas .
p.s .
my account has been restricted because i did n't agree that some comments were uncivil so i only have one comment left for the next 24hrs , so i likely wo n't reply again .
salami preaches to kill the non - believers and gay people .
you know what i 'm talking about .
what do you call a train with 3000 jews on board ?
anything you want they ai n’t coming back
i hope the department of justice sticks it to you city of denver .
no matter what illegal plan you have .
you are endangering the other citizens of metro denver by harboring illegal aliens and not showing any kind of respect for our laws as a nation .
you act like a mexican cartel .
every gook in # losangeles should be deported or killed .
this is an example of the arrogance and ignorance that exemplifies anchorage and is the same as a bunch of ugly racist and bigoted white nationalist americans moving to israel and then have the gall to tell israelis , " jews , you 're lucky we let you stay here . "
if you carried a torch with those nazis , if you marched alongside them as they chanted " jews will not replace us " and " blood and soil " you are not a " very fine person . "
you are , at best , a nazi sympathizer .
at worst , you are a nazi .
if you stood and chanted with men and women who wore hoods emblazoned with confederate flags you are a kkk sympathizer .
if you stand up for these people 's good intentions and walk in solidarity with their " defense of cultural heritage " you are at least a fellow traveler in white supremacy , more likely a white supremacist yourself .
nobody marching with that crowd is a decent person , nobody .
and they all had a hand on the steering wheel , as did trump and his entire group of supporters , every one .
@rachael_swindon and fuck the jews
and now the aleppo has been liberated from the terrorists , they are finding american and german made weapons .
somebody 's gon na be in trouble !
anybody noticed how lefties have changed tactics now their waycyst card has become so worn useless anybody against mass gimmiegration multicul moslem fascists are white supremacists still will not defeat the right we are on the rise cultural marxism is a busted flush
so a white puerto rican alaskan muslim vet goes into a bar
< user > < user > ex muslims encourage islamophobes to do so
uh , no , hosted wordpress .
i do not want you to manage my dns .
what s the difference between me and cigarette ?
my dad never left cigarette
what 's any of that have to do with this story about trump 's guy who 's a wife beater , hates jews , and may have committed election fraud ? (
remember when republicans used to care about election fraud ?
lol )
damn it be cold fo a colored man
this is what happens when you hand jews the reins .
no other race is so adept at fucking things up
saudi was invented by the british .
trump also loves to use words like " infested " when he talks about places that have a lot of people of color .
if only i could remember another political movement comparing an unwanted minority to vermin .
it sits on the tip of my tounge ...
i think i heard one of the white guys yelling ( between his rants about the jews and blacks ) , " leave history alone , in fact we want that history where we could lynch the blacks back " .
he was so nice about it - he said " please , let us have that history back " .
i know before nixon is what just whites and blacks and asians somebody decided they had to be grouped like they were special
fucking twitch thots
two e - mails sent , and will phone as soon as i shut down here .
trump responds to pelosi : ' make america white again ' is a ' very racist statement ' url
still celebrating the fake space missions .
satan : most of them still believe they came from a big bang , instead of god creating earth .
way to go n.a.s.a .
< user > < user > figures but i will use that whenever i have to listen to one of my hillbilly redneck customers go on about fox news
and yet , plant and plant based diets are the healthiest .
by far .
new century , but that itself is just as dirty a story as jfk 's death
then why are there cemeteries exclusively for catholics and jews ?
ground zero and the drilling mud pits are at the far end of the lake in that picture .
sunday it was why do not women send messages so aggressive they are borderline harassment and last night it was what kind of porn do women watch
next do : " do all gay men think the same " i wonder how they react to the differences
critise islam and you will be permanently banned from twitter i never threatened violence i never promoted violence ironically islam does so here i am at gab another redpilled refugee of the culture war
lol what 's the obsession with asian ?
why do people always say " if she not girl right i beat her up alr sia " you not fucking pussy you just beat up the person regardless of gender la cb kia
ok , gisp , whatever makes you happy .
snork !
< user > < user > < user > < user > and no doubt the parents or siblings would be attacking you dhimmi police would play it down this is in bred racism wake up too black on white violence
oh , but according to them , everyone who is n't white and heterosexual is a degenerate !
the work area under the bridge is on the s sidewalk & amp ; must be accessed from above .
workers will keep space for bikes / peds to get by . (
2/2 )
a quick web search turns up that in some ancient cultures polygyny was explicitly restricted to cases where the woman failed to yield children does the bible have that restriction not that i have seen jacob had children with four women simultaneously it would appear you are simply wrong
why do jews love scissors so much ?
coupons .
to all christians , if you love your faith get real 

 # gasajewforjesus   he will smile upon you
muslims follow islamic doctrine .
palestinians follow islamic doctrine .
islamic doctrine calls for " death to the infidels " , and especially , " death to the jews " .
western nations are nations of " infidels " .
but , no western leader has ever demanded that the palestinians , or any other muslim nation or group , renounce the doctrine of " death to the infidels " 
 no muslim nation has ever renounced the doctrine .
very , very few muslim individuals have renounced it .
the islamic doctrine of " death to renunciates " may explain that .
and so , israel is asked to negotiate a peace treaty with a people whose religion calls upon them to kill the jews , but the muslim   palestinians are not asked to renounce the doctrine .
that has been considered to be reasonable , by american liberal jews and their fellow democrats .
hopefully , it does not look reasonable to donald trump ,
gay jerkin off and cumshot in brother 's room url
yonela , your ndr dream is so racist it 's offensive .
service in the us imperial army does not make immigrants american any more than germanic immigrants service in the roman imperial army made them italian
nice try !
false equivalency .
first , what is " alt - left " except a made - up term by those desperate for excuses for the alt - right .
second , funny , but i have n't heard " lefties " suggest that segments of the population -- namely , african americans , jews , muslims , oh , and women -- need to be exterminated or segregated .
the only thing that decent americans want segregated is the orange creature , which needs to be caged and periodically tarred and feathered .
what s the difference between a black person and a jew ?
depends on the type of fire
yet another whiny , hand - wringing condemnation of the idea that maybe , just maybe , we ought to , well , interview people who want to come and live here .
i mean , has there been a single national media institution which has n't already made it clear that any suggestion hard - core , fundamentalist muslims who think gays and jews should be killed and women beaten like dogs if they get out of line are in any way less worthy of coming to canada than others is akin to hitlerian fascism ?
every single columnist has made it clear that anyone with the slightest discomfort with the social values of islam should just pack up and leave this country .
the cbc 's political panels squawk about it almost every day .
why , the very notion that canada and its values are better than any other people or nation anywhere on earth simply horrifies them .
i would really like to take the writers of editorials like this and expel them from canada , fore them to live in saudi arabia , where they 'll be happy .
i wonder if the sjw 's reading this realise one of planned parenthood 's founders was a eugenicist , who wanted to eradicate black people .
and based on the statistics , their organisation is doing a great job of that .
vegas shooter sounds almost a " identical copy " as the ultra - liberal democrat dc - park shooter , yes a democrat . ......
everything about him smells like a " harry reid pal " that reid helped keep out of jail on federal crimes , and allowed to keep guns ... 
 instead of trump impeachment , maybe it is time to charge all sitting democrats with conspiracy in dc park & vegas shootings ...
perhaps if you set up the school in a white country then it will catch on and spread to multiracial parts of the world ?
p.f .
chang is the asian applebee
there is a difference between anti - muslim hate and concern regarding the spread of islamic thought .
considering that there are large numbers of catholic and jewish cemeteries in canada , if you would deny someone the simple comfort of the burial custom of their religious affiliation , you seem simply filled with animus .
being wary regarding the spread of islam however is another matter .
the islamic world , after reaching it 's competitive cultural and technological peak 800 years ago , has stagnated since .
islam itself has never undergone a renaissance or enlightenment and it has never been forced to confront its theocratic assumptions as christianity was forced to do under the west 's expansion of pure science , philosophy , political theory technological innovation , and secularization ... where are the islamic world 's da vinci , galileo , kant , voltaire , smith , marx , or watt , its oxfords or mits , or even its defenders of the simple concept of the separation of church and state ?
that motherfucker son of a bitch jew needs to be hanged ‼️ 😡
how could we ever lose the narrative with these borderline mental retard nazi on our side
that rounding up the homeless / mentally ill   people and then determining where they go ............... scary words and ideas   ... sounds like part of the nazi agenda .. jews , mentally ill , homosexuals , gypsies , , et al .
got   pretty raw deal ...
people : : where are you from ?
me : : new jersey .
people : : no , where are you really from ?
me : : i was born and raised in new jersey .
people : : no , but you must be from somewhere else .
what moment in your life made you first realize that it 's all over ?
south african women are gorgeous okay .
so a iphone walks into the bar ... జ్ఞ‌ా
blm member living in detroit baltimore youngstown chicago ny la houston or any city with a large crumbling poor dependent ghetto black men women and children lifestyle
our politicians never should have allowed immigration from eastern europe and russia , because it was only a slippery slope from there , ending with unfettered mass importation of subhuman savages from all over the third world used by the kikes against us as human bio - weapons .
i feel very sorry for the families of such jews as art katz because he would preach to them over and over again about how jesus died for the jew first while at the same time shoving his non - jewish wife into their faces .
to late ... you jooz have already changed america with your usery , degeneracy , filth , deception and manipulation .
boycott isreal and end the fed .
communist parasite
when my girlfriend roleplays , she always acts as some city in georgia she s always saying she s cumming
@elliot and iran will launch missiles into your precious poodle israel .
fellow nigerians do bear in mind that in the future your children may not appreciate the fact that you brought them into a life in this country , considering how retarded we currently are as a country .
sadly some might even hate you for it please keep it in mind , it will guide you
@elliot and iran will launch missiles into your precious poodle israel .
young people are n't " leaving the church , " they are just not going to mass.    the same pathetic music warbled by the same cantor who has been there since 1985 , the old tired priest giving the same warmed over bland exclamations have driven them away .
the mass today is geared for people over the age of 65 and that is verified by going into almost every anglo parish in the us .
priests who try to offer something different are threatened by their ageing and shrinking population that if he changes anything , they are leaving .
china has invested heavily in antisatellite and antishipping technology .
step one in any war with the us would no doubt be to pluck it 's eyes and ears out by knocking out military satellites .
america 's next - gen military would then be very this - gen .
that kind of thing could escalate very fast .
jodeci blackstreet do not belong in the same sentence
if you need me to tell you violating a woman 's privacy is fucking wrong you are following the wrong woman .
but you get alot of american white nationalists or nazis claiming to want all non - white descendants out of america but america is not a native white continent or country .
religious nuts should all deported to some island and then never visited by mankind again
she was a holocaust survivor died on rosh hashanah
white , married , uncut respectful gentlemen here in california .
you have two major turn ones for me right away .
bbw and hispanic .
a perfect combination .
i have kik if you ever want to talk .
cuban women , that 's it that 's the tweet
you know what they called relationships between inmates and guards in auschwitz ?
carbon dating .
.@pdlmma just general abuse .
not necessarily gamergate specific .
we can either all gang up on the kike or the kike can get everyone to gang up on us
@hlaurora63 stop the islamization of the west and other christian nation states with borders .
muslims will never integrate peacefully into christian societies .
3rd jan 1777 washington defeats cornwallis at princeton , new jersey .
@kingjb27 @briannahyche i am tall and love tall women
it is good to see the ordinary citizens of texas helping each other out .
kudos to you all !
there is another side to the story the media are avoiding like ; the contribution of climate change , the fact that texas had another flood last year and had many plans for mitigating floods in the future but the money never came through , there is a disgusting cartoon in the french magazine charlie hebdo ( remember"je suis charlie " when it focussed on muslims , but this cartoon shows a bunch of nazis drowning in houston ... maybe not so many people will sympathise now?)and the dept .
of immigration maintained road blocks / searches on roads out of the flooded areas that may have contributed to those who may not have the right papers staying in the flood zone .
again , mostly poor neighborhoods flooded , lets hope they get help .
anon raw dick in my hole # bbbh # cumdump # pozpig # bareback @arrobapornogay @guyswholiketo @dudes4dudes @scallysex @markkoxxx @new_gaywanking @querico26 @brasillianboys @oligaysexpornx @onlyxxxguys @hotmalestuds @otavio692x @hotgaymen4 url
hey @alaskaair , truly awful job tonight with flight 425 from la to seattle .
will never fly you again .
now that 's condescending !
@greatgameindia you 're telling the world that indians are foolish and fucking retard nation you guys are morons you ca nt understand that if we involved politics and defense forces in this game then it will be disaster for this game do n't destroy sports
croats backed ol adolf almost unanimously and czechs slovaks were more or less ok with being under germany wing hitler wanted to kill all slavs is garbage tier yid propaganda same as hitler wanted to kill everyone who was not blonde and blue eyed so true from a board on 8 chan
were .
not .
buying .
it .
acosta ! ! !
you ferengi acting rat faced tool of isis = israeli secret intelligence service !
you got the verdict and the sentence you were ordered to get !
after all it is evidenced that the former israeli priminister ehud barak was serviced by epstien / maxwell 's sex slaves .
epstien and g maxwell are funded by israel to do this to produce this evil after all the talmud says it is perfectly fine for a jew to rape a goy ( a goy is what these jewish suprimists call anyone not jewish ) and if brought to court the goy should be killed so the jew can live peacefully .
trump 's comments not racist , if you do n't like the way this country is ran go back to your country .
hello muckamuck -- just stating the facts -- i grew up using the   out house - haul ice 2 miles for water among other   things -- haul wood from 10 miles away -- i wasnt 
  complaining     hehe
you honestly do not know how retarded this makes you sound do you dear
psychobabble .
try again .
does it really matter ?
30 hours is 30 hours .
something this privelaged lawyer will never see as she cruises in her bmw complaining about how unfair life has been to her .
jews only marry outside of their religion when there is money on the table .
if she was n't an heir to trumps billions kushner would n't have even kicked her tires .
" people do n't burn other people alive " 
 you need to acquaint yourself with autos da fe in middle ages europe .
christians did precisely that to women accused of witchcraft , jews who refused to convert , christians who were accused of heresy ( that is , they held beliefs the authorities did n't approve of ) , and others .
after some jews rejected martin luther 's protestant christianity as not being their cup of tea , martin luther suggested locking jews in synagogues and setting the synagogues on fire .
if that 's too ancient for you , only 30 years ago , christians were raping and slaughtering muslims in the former country of yugoslavia .
last year , jews living in the west bank burned down arabs ' houses and mosques , and in at least one house , the occupants were in it .
terrorists are brutal .
a lot of terrorists are muslim .
that does not make all muslims dogs .
if a man from arvada gets angry at his ex - wife and burns down her home with her in it , are all arvadans to be considered dogs ?
fugly lezbian jews like this are why i m cool with domestic violence with the kind of attitude and birdbrain this jew broad has i m willng to bet anything that either a male or butch dyke husband is gon na wind up punching her til she shits out her bones 🙄
i wanna meet alex ! ! ! & #
128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128557 ; but i m going somewhere so i m fucked
bill -- yes , much of sda baptism is baptism into the church membership .
i like the episcopalian focus .
one is baptized into christ .
and that is what the service surrounds . [
the e 's are ok with both water on the head and with immersion .
i have seen both . ]
it is at a later date that one is actually welcomed formally into the church membership .
they are 2 different events .
each recognized and celebrated .
a baptist church i take a friend to does the same .
baptize into church membership .
maybe that is how we slipped into that format over time .
uh wow just checked their dates and wtf chungha rb on 3 rd oct and superm on 4 th oct are they going to kill all of the multifandom fans
url - we - are / beliefs / pagan this sort of explains it .
in our congregation we have : atheists , agnostics , humanists , christians , pagans , native spiritualists , buddhists and some folks who just plain do n't know ... the most concise thing i can say is our motto : " we are the church of the open mind , the loving heart , the helping hands . "
we are a certified lgbtq welcoming congregation , and we believe " service is our prayer " .
so , no belief system is celebrated , nor is any denied .
it 's definitely not for everyone , but everyone is welcome to check it out .
did you know that germany came up with sparkling water who else would think of adding gas .
me to me bitch you stressing me tf out
sending messages of infinite support and validity as an amab trans person who feels similarly !
i believe those numbers are a bit less then the tea party protests of the early obama years .
the best thing would be to try and get in with a therapist who specializes in gender or at least is supportive of lgbt , and share your thoughts and concerns and see where that takes you .
there 's a lot of things to consider and doubt and stuff , and they can help you come to your own conclusions .
did not this sick kike adopt a young asian girl for the sole purpose of fucking her i have heard something like that years ago remember that it got hushed up by the media real quick like 🤔
having thousands of illegals cross into canada is not too intelligent .
polish people are the worst .
hitler should have finished the job .
people like you are the problem .
either find a time machine and go back to the 30s or get with the times .
people like you are n't accepted or welcome into modern society .
i guarantee you would n't say these things in real life , you 'd be ostracized .
must be so hard to be you , " muh white genocide "
1 homer to matt kemp is that bad .
matt harvey is looking like fire .
if this offense could fucking do sokething ...
tuckerhighlights < date > t smiley wrongfully dismissed by pbs metoo about to crash barry doj deliberately undermind dea for muh iran deal mueller inquisition improperly seized trump team emails harvard being sued for discriminating against asians us govt spends < number > m p yr hunting ufos
we need to keep the islamic flag handy and burn it right beside these people every time they burn our flag !
< user > < user > is your ultimate solution leading up to a final one nazis gon na nazi
islam will not stop being violent even if the whole world is muslim it will only degrade from jihadist violence to sectarian violence as it has in all muslim countries so far
let 's stop using that word in stupid , ignorant and derogatory ways .
it 's use implied subhuman status .
it is a crime to criticize , doubt , or disagree with islam in islamic states .
this is blasphemy and the sentence is death .
it is a crime and a sin to leave islam .
a muslim who rejects islam is an “ apostate ” and the punishment for apostasy is death ( and eternal damnation in hell thereafter ) .
under sharia , it is forbidden for anyone to try to convert a muslim to another religion .
when islam is doubted or defamed in any way , muslims should violently defend it .
muslims consider all non - muslims and non - muslim culture useless and see their goal to make the whole world muslim .
everything before islam is jahiliyya or ignorance , of no value and should be destroyed .
under islam , non - muslims must pay a large tax .
once muslims conquer a country and convert the government to islamic law , non - muslims have the choice to convert or die .
however , christians , jews , and some zoroastrians have the choice between becoming muslim or becoming a dhimmi .
read bat ye'or 's publication eurabia .
# عمران_خان_سچا_عاشق_رسولﷺ " i understand the western mindset as i have spent a lot of time there .
they do not understand the love muslims feel for the prophet . "
said ik @insafianspower1   @mansoor91
she says unironically as jews control most of the supreme court and laws most of congress all of hollywood media news all the banks all academia and are the most billionaires makes perfect sense
frank , wow , not much i can add to that , except that i wonder where you got that bs .
the fbi crime report for 2015 shows that , indeed , hate crimes against jew headed the ' religious ' hate crime category , but , blacks continued their first place position of ' most hate crimes ' , for the 400th year in a row , i think .
the difference is that a vandalized jewish headstone gets the same , or in some cases more , air and other media time than when a black man is dragged behind a truck until his head is separated from his torso .
i m sure there is a reason for this , a justification , besides that the media is white owned .
remember good , but black ethiopian jews , and the arms wide open love and acceptance that awaited their arrival by white israelites .
i do nt know if there is a real christian left on this planet earth .
right here in hawaii we have over 600,000 professed christians and 8000 homeless people .
what would jesus do ? ? ? ? ?
i 'm sorry folks , but i meet a lot of hypocrites on my daily rounds .
thanks to my top interactors !
you rock !
@erinlichnovsky @realmrspjnet @aheartofvirtue i am grateful for all of the twitter love .
they should all be deported to a somali war zone where they belong , along with every guardian employee .
you do n't explain but emote what 's unfair ?
the lack of prioritizing the plight of immigrants ?
halloween is a busy day for sexist assholes .
donald 's like that whacky drunken uncle that comes over on holidays for dinner .
everyone loves having him around for a short visit , listening to his zany stories and theories , but you could n't imagine leaving him in charge of the house .
" teaching in collaboration with dr. jacquetta page .
course title : " " the black eye : viewing the africana world through creative non - fiction . "
jews : fucking nazis ... literal time travelling nazis : those noobs ca n't build for shit , lemme default real quick .
go easy on your bib , autist .
i know right ?
stupid kuffar pigs .
we should honestly put these decadent and degenerate pigs in chains , so as to discipline them in our superior ways
ooga booga send the immigrants back to africa
got sent home from a school trip when i was 15 for wanking in the showers .
my parents thought it was a bit harsh but mr abel maintained that i ’d ruined the trip to auschwitz .
< user > you ’ re in school the ghetto 💀
send all the useless mouths back home , put women back to work raising high iq white children stop the jews from robbing us and problem solved
if that kike is whining and bitching i say make trump emperor for life
blunt , 
 i disabled auto - suggestion and auto - fill .
sa edit tool does n't work , not even for react .
< number > year old group of caucasians are yelling no laws when you are drinking claws bro white claws are officially canceled
thanks once again to you and your " colleagues " for your ever enlightening demonstration of the true essence of francis ' " mercy . "
it 's a hoot .
i do n't want to see anymore bitches on my tl fucking and sucking on cucumbers 🤢
i am no expert on this subject of   teaching of the native languages , compulsory or otherwise to aboriginal students .
i can only speak as a person of long lost welsh ancestry who knows not a word of welsh but wishes that he did .
after the conquest of what we now know as wales by the english centuries ago an earnest program of   total suppression of the native language was undertaken but with rather mixed results .
many , perhaps most of the people in wales all but lost their linguistic heritage but not all by a long - shot .
on a visit to wales i recall entering a small country store in the heartland of wales to find a small gathering of local women , some quite young , chattering in a language quite unknown to me .
as soon as they noted that i was someone " from way " the storekeeper welcomed me in perfect english , and after meeting the purpose of my coming in , reverted back to her native tongue .
welsh may well be the language of a minority but after centuries of suppression it is still alive .
sounds like a great way to get murdered by some self loathing homophobes .
where your link mr rhetoric did you you make it up it funny how they stopped breaking down by race after < number > it a great thing that rapes are down but its incontrovertible that blacks are significantly more violent compared to whites and asians
if memory serves ashkenazi jews and east asians have higher average iqs
time mag : porn and the threat to virility 
 a
ethernet cables are clearly a subversion of logos .
you plug the cord into a port .
this is a very obvious jewish metaphor for homosexual sodomy .
seriously you fucking gamma cuck soy boy !
you 're so fucking low iq gamma .
just fucking kill yourself .
@uwuteddiebear @2spookay dudes pressuring girls into sex is gross and i pray never do that to someone .
all white like messiah feel like i am illuminati
we need a new nazbol meme make all upper class jews and upper middle class shitlib whites give away all their money to ghetto niggers < user >
< user > < user > < user > do not let him offend you carnal that trailer trash ain t worth it
the baltimore pd killed this amazing vet ?
anything to avoid the elephant , i ' spose , eh ?
precisely even the japanese were forced into becoming the aggressors by hymie oil and manufacturing monopolies
< user > so white trash i love it
" however , with donald trump 's electoral victory , no one can say for certain what u.s. refugee policy will look like . "
i believe we have a pretty good idea what his refugee policy will be .
it wo n't be pretty .
in the 1920s , with the resurrection of the klan , america closed the doors to the huddled masses yearning to breathe free .
we have reached another such moment .
trump was elected on a campaign of xenophobia and open ethnic and religious hatred .
now that the demons of american nature are trendy again , the summer christian and sunshine humanist may shrink from our ranks .
nonetheless , we must all hold ourselves accountable to do our christian duty as american citizens .
inpuza why do you like lgbtq+ and u r polygender and a bit of everything ? ? ? ?
u a weirdo
kc missouri is the place to go on vacation one does not have to contend with ghetto trash what a relief
disarming us for the crown corporation to continue ... thanks jews and thank you jew freemasonry ... i ca nt wait to be executed when th un army invades our disarmed nation ...
i fucking hate it here
what do you call a black man and a mexican woman who are married ?
a happy couple .
xd
when the cat 's away the # rats will play ... 

 " come back safe and sound "
the only thing keeping adn alive for some time now has been the real estate & car dealer ads .
the paper has been bleeding subscribers since well before rogoff bought it .
the only worthwhile thing it has to offer is local sports coverage .
the classified section used to be bigger than the entire paper is now .
dropped my subscription three years ago but still grab the sunday edition out of a machine for the sports & comics .
online chat rooms are full of perverts .
i got talking to a girl called bethany2007 who said she was going to show my dick pic to her father !
no need to switch jewish with muslim , trump 's anti - semitism is already hitleresque enough .
when addressing the republican ( yes , republican ) jewish coalition last december trump said “ you ’re not going to support me , because i do n’t want your money , ” he said . “
you want to control your own politician . ”
then , this past july trump tweeted the well - know meme feat .
hillary superimposed on a pile of $ and the words " most corrupt candidate ever " in a star - of - david shaped caption bubble which was originally found on this thread : http://archive.is/e0dto which also features such sentiments as : " death to all non - whites hail victory " and " jews are two - faced backstabbers who are n't to be trusted " and refers to hitler as " uncle adolf " 

 this is the candidate that americans elected .
usually comparing someone to hitler is rightly dismissed out of hand because hitler was so extreme and so evil that it 's almost guaranteed to be an exaggeration but in trump 's case , he 's been a role model for sometime now .
let us explore the joys a moment when it matters i was receiving a shiny award for being a bright young thing standing together getting a group photo a stale white males awardee says we better not stand too close or else our wives may think we are homosexual
i heard hitler has an addiction to adderall something about improving concentration
young white people have been systematically brainwashed into believing that whites invented evil that no one else has ever inflicted any pain on anyone else and the world would be a perfectly harmonious garden of eden again if it wasn t for those demonic damn caucasians
most of the attackers in france have been french nationals .
niggas be smart w bitches in the stash
what 's the difference between jews and boy scouts ?
boy scouts came back from their camps .
if freeland is one of his more able ministers , its worse than i thought .
anyone who saw her on real time with bill maher got a good look at just what an intellectual lightweight she is .
get ready for massive growth in the national debt .
the trudeau family has no concept of finance .
but hey , budgets balance themselves , right , golden boy ?
what 's the best part about staying at the mandalay bay ?
you get to keep taking shots until you knock yourself out
it 's a shame to see how low this government has reached !
with so many problems in canada , trudeau has nothing better to do than cooperate with the corrupt mulrunee , in assisting another corrupt chinese billioner ...
< user > < user > someone please help answer for me in these instances where the left brings up the well what if i am raped and get pregnant scenario why can not people use the plan b pill i do not even hear people discuss this what am i missing
so you 're sexist and racist .
@imsandeshjain not sexist , but women in burkhah scare me .
totally .
what 's the difference between dark jokes and the holocaust ?
not everyone in germany likes dark jokes .
as if it had anything to do with the willful unnecessary slaughtering of millions of animals .
@elliot are you scared , kosher boy ?
attack iran and israel will be nuked into stone age .
taylor swift is a natural beauty if you compare her to the sheboons in the music industry i understand why men flock to her
narcissistic bitch
we can never have this as long as there are blacks jews spics muslims and asians
jesus fed 2000 people with 2 fish and 5 loaves but hitler made 6,000,000 jews toast
proud of our high school , proud of our team and coaches , and proud of our community support of our school and team .
red and black - go neah bay !
me literally dyke and faggot do not offend me straight white boy probably named caleb bro ur a faggot me first of all
get a life of your own instead of following all over the dispatch .
you 'll feel better about yourself .
@greatgameindia you 're telling the world that indians are foolish and fucking retard nation you guys are morons you ca nt understand that if we involved politics and defense forces in this game then it will be disaster for this game do n't destroy sports
the aca is failing ( financially ) .
it is unfair to compare the attributes of a failed program to anything the republicans propose .
tell me what you 're thinking if it 's that damn bad then keep it to yourself
you must be black .
driving down don carlos with my dad , starts pointing out houses and apartments he used to party at & # 128514;&#128514 ; my dude
it 's like uber , but for generic service industry complaints .
and obama hung out with white ppl in martha vineyard on holidays not in the ghetto imagine that
no more niqqers nips spics or jews
studies show non whites view freedom completely different than whites for example < number > of hispanics view hate speech as an act of violence which means they would ban it their view of hate speech could be anything wake up your family and friends
saying the n word if you ’ re white means you ’ re racist and saying the f word if you ’ re straight means you ’ re homophobic idc what u say
ph government is a fucking circus change my mind
what are you on about , you tedious faggot ?
fricking whores reee
the companies who have used the known carcinogens should be banned from sales and/or fined ( big time ) .
the government is looking at this as a cash cow , without taking responsibility for product safety .
this would n't happen in pharmaceuticals .
more oversight needed and new management for the regulator .
make amuriker kike again and again and again and
people really just now seeing the video of shaq playing in stow hs gymnasium 50 years ago .
damn .
you guys are slow .
they 're alienating all the moderates with this turbo sjw bs , then when right wing populists get elected it 's shockedpickachu.jpeg ​ can a community genocide itself ?
cause it 's aboriginal men killing the vast majority of aboriginal women .
was there anything in the report about the rampant gang violence on the reserves ?
​   [ url
" i had fuck more than you , oh look at me , poor thing , getting a dick inside me !
please let me cut in line ! "
i really really want to just out people on here but i have the balls to say it to their face .
i 'm not a coward
my friend came back from the doctors upset like " i 've got hiv " 

 i said " you 've got to stay positive " 

 then i realised that 's where the problem started
" well if you get a perforated uterus you deserve it because god said rape is bad ! "
-same rich guy who got his daughter an abortion two months ago by sending her to a resort over the summer
i 'm not anti semitic , but i want all jews to burn in a oven
i am slut for attention
some adults are the issue with boy scouts of america and i can say that after being a volunteer adult leader for over ten years .
adults ( too often ) think they can do whatever they want and the scouts and parents have to " play the game . "
unfortunately , ( imho ) bsa spends too much time trying to grow numbers not improve the program .
this scout asked a question in a public meeting .
his adult leader seems to have taught him an important lesson about " bias " and abuse of power .
hitler , fuck the jews
religion is still a thing ?
hmm .. go figure .
silly humans and their fairytales .
< user > it ’ black refugees speaking at the protest themselves and addressing their issues
what is limp and gassy ?
a dead jew .
that 's one expensive child .
child support should not be used to drain men of there resources .
just responding to the title of this video , not the content therein ; however - you ca n't win without the black vote .
so obviously buttigieg is n't interested in winning without the black vote .
because you ca n't .
rest in pain marilyn monroe was a pig that did anything that you could to make yourself look good she was n't a real blonde and her real name was norma jean she was a jew a real pig
your first citation refers to refugees , not " young syrian males " .
rating by me , " not true " 

 your second link is to hrc saying what her immigration policy would be , in general , if she can get it and it is " within the law " .
she made no mention whatsoever of syrians .
rating by me , " liar liar pants on fire " .
also , rush limbaugh and the center for american immigration , whose next story on the spool is " islamic invasion , a hillary clinton vision of america " .
if you 're ok with that , i think you have made the wrong choice .
trump is right .. all immigrants who arrived after 1492 should go home ! !
jews dominate the donor class both republican and democrat why fixate on the jewish question you will never solve as a tide of hispanics blacks breed you into the third world
well , that would require having common sense .
i think it 's great .
it shows she does n't care about gender norms and is n't afraid to express herself .
< user > i do not understand how so large a part of the human race got so retarded so fast it truly boggles the mind
" hey ferling , let 's go fuck with our retarded cousins on lockdown "
my cat will flip if i try to give him a bath , but somehow i always find this dude chilling inside of the damn toilet .
nfl players all stood last night spin it however that is a trump win the gay little arm locking is just a face saving offramp
let 's see how he handle 's the more seasoned big boys when the nba starts the next season .
jews were not engaged in terrorism against germans .
palestinians are engaged in terrorism against jews .
after my wife died i could n't look at women for 20 years 
 but when i got out of prison , it was totally worth it .
- /u / ducksyndrome
" the need for true co - management , " does n't imply that the inuit are going to take over the current management systems but simply states they want a representative in the process .
i ca n't see the logic in denying the inuit participation in wildlife management besides blatant prejudice .
one would think their knowledge would be welcomed !
commercial hunters get representation , commercial fishing gets representation , there are organizations all over the place representing the rights of alaskans and special interests but heaven forbid we allow the indigenous a place at the table of policy , ethics and sustainability of natural resources .
it 's downright shameful .
adl kikes team with jewoogle and all right wing sites get attacked or shut down this will not stop us it will only make us stronger and bring more attention to you kike terrorist free dailystormer
glad that white bitch got what she deserved killing that innocent black boy for no reason
i just have one hole in each ear in which i wear a pair of silver eagle dangle earrings .
i do nt like the exotic pericings at all .
made of ketamine , the jews are .
turn the atmosphere into breathable ketamine , the final solution will .
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
< user > zakir naik is a great man what is wrong with you is it just because he is muslim 🤦 🏻 ‍ ♀ ️ seriously
15th january 1535 henry viii assumed title supreme leader of the church of england .
please recommend me black metal and death metal bands , like fear factory or slipknot and etc .
machine head slayers albums like ` ` god hates us all '' and ` ` diabulus musica . ''
give me a break .
in most cases these statues are of men who did nothing more than serve their sate when called upon .
most were n't slave owners or even property owners .
removal of these statues is nothing more than white liberal guilt .
it does absolutely nothing to benefit today 's black americans and it sure as heck does nothing to erase the atrocities of 175 years ago .
these are a part of the countries past , ugly or not and should be left as is .
how many autists does it take to call the bear jew on jay clayton ?
the movie star 's i d a black guy is walking around rome .
at some point he stumbles upon an i d card on the ground and as he picks it up , he notices that it 's di caprio 's who 's recently been visiting the city .
as he puts it in his pocket he notices a couple of policemen coming his way .
they proceed to stop him and ask for his documents .
going for broke , he gives them his newfound i d .
< allcaps > the policemen took a look at the document , back at the black guy and finally exclaimed " damn , did n't know the titanic caught fire before sinking ! " .
what s hitler 's favorite drink ?
jews
it 's a mess .
you must feel horrible .
you 're lost everything : your father , your tribe , your best friend .
need someone to come see the gay clown movie w me i can not see it alone again
@garussell @realsaavedra god & allah are the same , you illiterate cracker .
fuckem jews seem to be the most butthurt pack of cunts on the planet i suppose you would be a bit sensitive to critisizm when you have lied to abused swindled caused more deaths than typhus than anyone else
well bill nye is a cuckservative faggot anyway
" in 3rd grade in science , the teacher told us " " breathing out is called exhaling " " and this one fucking kid bursts out " " but that 's a bad word " " "
dood dat nigga litterally got a kike on tv to say shuddit down nigga dat top kek
i have a bad feeling there 's going to be allot of demonstrations of " peace " this christmas .
who the heck wrote the caption to the photo , a four - year - old ?
< user > single religion in the floor of allah is islam search
this is n't the holocaust , but they ought to start taking some pointers from the germans .
they should start shipping out these fuckers on freight trains on a biweekly basis .
that 's nice sky , but it completely ignores the modern world where people are much more selective about what tenets of their religion they follow .
or do you believe that no catholic would ever use birth control or no jew would ever eat bacon ?
people adhere to their religion to greatly varying degrees .
to attack muslims in general by using a strict interpretation of the koran is wilful ignorance and just as fundamentalist in its own way as the jihadi 's themelves .
white car black tint think he was tryna hide her told her she should duck faster lauriana 🤣 🤣
love to make that pussy leak my cum
what did hitler get for his 6th birthday g. i. jew and an easy bake oven
um , enforcing the laws already on the books is not really working out that well .
the laws are created by industry lobbyists and are not sufficient to keep people healthy and safe .
@uhcougar308 @whitmire_john while we watch them especially ut pay off politicians in houston with that puf wth&#128545 ;
the more el presidente tighten grips the more immigrants people will slip thru his fingers .
craig stevaux - you 've got it all wrong like the rest of your sad ilk .
even christians , jews and atheists from those countries would be temporarily banned just like the muslims .
try reading the regulation and quite promoting a lie .
typical !
anyone who is selling men 's chockers lol i mean those tuma neck belts :p :p . . . . .
inbox me asap # xakitili
entrepreneur : rt entvideo : how one ceo turned his passion for cars into a paycheck ( with jessicaabo ) https://t.co/ookvyiggpc
as the post continues their vitriol towards trump , most times deserved , they continue to alleviate themselves of articles which do n't represent the raging left in unflattering terms .
espn divested themselves of robert lee , an asian sports announcer , because of ..... wait for it .... his name could upset the sensitive little snowflakes out there , who may be offended by his name .
seriously , this is beyond out of control , and those who judge us in the years to come will only be left shaking their heads , saying wtf .
every time trump does something stupid , the left seems to ask themselves , " what can we do that 's more offensive ? "
mark me down as uncivil people , because in the near future , the most resourceful and abundant country in the history of mankind will have eaten itself from the inside out ...... enjoy .
i hit that pedo kike fag morris dees with a hotdog at the cincinatti protest some years back he was sneaking out the back basement door to the car garage after giving one of his bs lectures to the lemmings
and i bet that in the day you expected your jewish classmates to smile when you walked into that exclusive country club .
and you expected your black classmates to do the honourable thing and avoid using the whites only washrooms and lunch counters .
there 's a reason islam breeds the most violent degeneracy in the modern world .
the religion is trash and needs to die , just like every other religion , but islam especially .
jews are fucking ari ?
they have been fucking the rest of us for years
i see both sides .
i 've heard people say " we should let our children be more free and stop being helicopter parents " and the next day i read " i ca n't believe these parents !
how could you let your child out of your sight ? "
is there really such a thing as " perfect parenting ? "
i think not .
yes , you could blame the mother for letting her son sit on a curb , but i also see her point .
if i pull up to a stop sign ( or a stop line ) , i would assume the line is the appropriate place to stop and proceed to turn .
specifically when driving a tall vehicle , like a truck , how would you see the curb / flower bed and know that it 's not aligned whatsoever with the apparent stop line ?
would her child still be here if it were properly aligned ?
i 'd have to hear each side before passing parental judgement .
" trump is supporting every portion of obamacare that was legally passed and signed into law . "
no .
he is reneging on his requirement to make the csr payments .
you have faulty information .
is it gon na be you you said they offered to let you be in playboy in the < number > maybe they are not ready for a kike whose make up makes her look like a neanderthal painted up as a shemale rodeo clown < user >
i 've heard the name before but i too have no idea who she is .. one of the benefits of turning off the talmudivision and watching very few modern movies
oh , please .
i counted 43 attacks on americans by moslems in the name of islam since ' 89 .
we may not know all of them or those that were stopped .
and several of them involved immigrants from the 7 named countries , or someone that had recently traveled to one .
so ' bama passed this list of most dangerous nations on to trump .
if people need additional vetting , so be it .
isis did not exist when 911 occurred .
we are playing a game with a global enemy , not just the warring factions of arab islam ( been at it for 1200 years already ! ) .
build refugee camps on arab soil , have the un support them ( with the help of the arabs ) , and re - home them .
wake up .
grow up .
watch this coup play out .
watch it closely .
a helicopter carrying 8 high ranking officials & prince bin - muqrin crashed near the yemen border .
all on board are dead .
watch the asian markets tonight .
see how they act .
if there is a selloff there and in europe , monday on wall street will be interesting .

gypsies are not desperate though they are scum everywhere they go they rob and cheat and scam until they have to leave they are like jews if matzo balls had lead in them
remember when you are laughing at this that someday your kids will be laughing at a picture of you dressed in whatever clothes you are wearing now .... especially if they are the current fashion ! :)
< user > i identify him as a fuck penguin so this is a fucking naked penguin photo
are you the nazi faggot with the feminine boobs
i value the goats life over that of those " people " .
although the usage may well be rather ancient , it seems the application of the title " father " to secular priests in english speaking countries is a recent ( couple of hundred years , max ) innovation .
regardless , the practice , whatever its age , does seem very strange given jesus ' " divine command " in matthew 23:9 - -“call no one on earth your father , you have but one father in heaven . ”
we certainly cherry pick the " divine commands " we choose to take seriously .
at every mass , we hear the command to " take and eat " and " take and drink " but are content so very often to merely " take and eat . "
for the life of me , i do n't understand why parishioners do n't demand the chalice in parishes where it is not offered , and so often walk by the chalice where it is offered .
< user > < user > they are us they speak a language of our family have preislamic european traditions and culture
my mom uses a mobility scooter because he has an arthritic spine and ca n't walk more than a few steps .
on her scooter , she 's a large woman , which has a canopy , she occupies a space about two metres in length by one in width and two in height .
in other words she 's quite easy to see .
one day last spring a driver drove directly into her , toppling her off the scooter , caused her to lose consciousness , resulting a concussion and various bruises .
she had the right of way .
the drivers excuse ?
she did n't see her .
it works both ways folks , while they ought not to be on the road many sidewalks are in such poor condition they can not be used so scooter users will be on the road .
and if they are bad drivers on scooters they were probably equally as bad when behind the wheel if a car .
i asked my 8 year old if it 's correct to say " a trailer was stabbed " or a " trailer was vandalized " .
he ca n't remember to lift the toilet seat before peeing but apparently he could be a reporter for adn ...
why am i crying that i was nt able to watch last night and all of my friends were telling me how good it was ?
please provide commentary on the interests , alliances and manoeuvres of gwede mantashe .
collectively with bitches
we have been much better than brugge we have had more chances and we have controlled the game the two chances they had they scored cuz courtois is a fucking bum
so this is what a social media ghetto looks like imprisioned by the fascist occupied internet from here we will plot resist and rise up
< user > ‍ actually the first christians were jews therefore being called a jew actually means rejecting christ and today jews are not the hebrews of the bible they are the synagogue of satan an international criminal mobster cabal
as many know , courts can be overcome , judges fired .
it was disappointing the zeal in which so many people partook in joining the sentiment of banning either through their work ( border guards ) or the high polling ratings for the ban .
and people still believe that the nazi germany could n't happen again .
this is how it started : small gnawing away of rights accepted by the general populace because it targeted the " other " whom could be anyone the nazi high command did n't like .. all to make germany strong again and the world power it had once been .
sound familiar ?
israel arrests him i bet lentin and co are very happy .
all students looking in see what scum the jews are .
details here www.normanfinkelstein.com
what ’s the difference between jell - o and jewish girl ?
jello moves when you eat it ..
" intolerance and exclusion " , you are correct , i have very little tolerance for a religion that preaches that westerners , ie , christians and jews or anyone not muslim is an infidel and an enemy .
the following countries ban any israeli jew from even entering their country : 
     syria 
     iran 
     iraq 
     yemen 
     libya 
     algeria 
     bangladesh 
     brunei 
     kuwait 
     lebanon 
     malaysia 
     oman 
     pakistan 
     sudan 
     saudi arabia 
     united arab emirates 

 this is your idea of " tolerance " doug ?
we need to keep the islamic flag handy and burn it right beside these people every time they burn our flag !
seasons change & amp ; stay th same i know my rhythm i know my name positive thinking- something to gain after you read this you 'll be th same
throw the whole religion away
all funny til one of you bitches pop tf up floating in the gah damn river somewhere play with your sex toys not me
oh .
there goes @wadhwa using his position to shame @shanley publicly again over her sex life .
set yourself on fire you sexist scumbag , thx .
global warming is a myth , just like the holocaust and women 's rights .
layla4 , you are correct to the extent that human rights codes do not prohibit or restrict stupid or unfair hiring decisions - only ones where the employer has a prohibited motive .
examples are where the employer refused to hire because the applicant black , jewish , muslim , christian , disabled , for instance .
in those cases , the employer will still be in the right if he can establish a bona fide occupational requirement for the decision .
complainants lose the overwhelming majority of human rights hearings , by the way .
see only what you want to see faggot that your choice but facts are facts and faggots like you will always deny them
# windians # rallytogether # rolltribe nothing can stop the cody allen hot takes https://t.co/jcowcbw406
there is plenty of evidence that women and non - white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world .
jews wo n't replace them .
instead , these losers will be ignored , cast aside , forgotten .
they 're whining because whites have 70 % of the power , instead of 90 % .
who else is gay caes i am well not gay but lesbian .
like your hair
@brian p some said joseph goebells was terrible too .. who else was going to make the articulate case the jew was vermin ?
he was doing his job too .. great man with a nice large family .. the tricks by those who did not support the facist state which wanted to include jews , gypsies , homosexuals were disgusting politics too .. those elements were purged like trump will purge such elements today in the name citizenship .. pure and clean .. make germany .. eh .. i mean maga ..
jews lie niggers steal and rape spic women can not stop shitting out babies and birds have beaks
first wave feminists were largely thoughtful women advocating for voting rights legal financial rights access to opportunity subsequent feminist movements have been ridiculous by equating feminism with abortion sexuality etc burning ones bra never accomplished anything except sagging
everything on here is for the audience to be educated on things they may not have known before you are just the poor hapless retarded boomer that happened to come up in my feed droning on like you all do
seems like the only purpose to christianity anymore is to ensure the annihilation of the white race via the suicidal worship of jews maga altright
@jfentonharvey @ostrov_a @jeremycorbyn the arab states have never ended their war on israel nor on jews .
their history is conjuring ways to eliminate them , per their antisemitic beliefs .
from pogroms against jews   to wars , from terror to lies , never have they partnered for a solution , other than heirs to the final .
we will eventually know the truth of this one because at so me point the senate committee is going to subpoena someone .
the denials are carefully crafted . "
the story as reported is untrue . "
why not just say , " the story is completely untrue . "
you are right we do n't know .
but fortunately , we will .
dindu the jews are coming after you and it is you are not your wake the fuck up
because your trying to apply logic to illogic .
they modeled emx after a city ten times our size ... philadelphia , if i remember correct .
i 'm sure someone on here remembers ... 

 it 's always flat out amazed me , the size of our public transportation system ... for a city of our size .
ltd spends money because it can .
funny thing is , you 'll hear people say , oh the feds paid for that ... or this was a grant - like money falls from trees .
truth be known , they could of purchased a new car for everyone that rides the bus , for $ 100m. 

 but then the problem would be , what to do with the beuracracy they 've built ?
i was so surprised when you handed me this letter [ from the school 's disability office , requesting accommodations ] !
you are so smart and so pretty !
kike dike kathy schrock is leading educators all over the nation in ed tech a movement to get your kids more engulfed in techno addictions ed tech also pushes children away from local traditions into the curriculum models of silicon valley altrighteducation
i plan on going to work and making myself some money .
to attempt getting my nose pierced for the third time without getting fucked and someone loosing it and closing up or not to bother & # 128580;&#129300;&#129300;&#129300 ;
a lady tells the nurse at a maternity hospital , “ i want to call my little baby ellie . ”
nurse replies , “ i ’m sorry , but that name is already taken , perhaps you can consider naming her ellie532 or ellie_153 ? ”
jews are neither white nor mensch they are non nigger males like spic males
scarface put his face in a mountain of cocaine , hitler also put his face in a mountain of jewish ashes
it all hehe haha until we show up at your local favorite hang out spot and wait for you to come out in the van they go one little heeb at a time whatever it takes
hey " name omitted " 43 usc 1301 the enabling statutes are the most boring and inclusive of any i have ever had the misfortune to read .
still all inclusive there is still no presidential or secretary authority to remove large swaths of   shelf from exploration development and production .
this is yet another obama over - reach .
like so many of the obama rulings from his throne this too will be overturned .
faggots in my mcdonalds parking lot
do n't know if it 's been posted yet , but here 's where we were linked
so the implication of my foot up your ass would also be one ?
calm your sensitive as down dude you ever heard of this thing called an example ?
its quite common really if you would of read the whole thing instead of just cherry picking what words to use its quite clear i used an example even in your biased example i never said i was gon na do shit you just tried to make it look like that also your still and ignorant fuck for thinking that if your not 100 % pitch black your white and there s no in between fucking jew
gshit though i ca n't stand a nigga who ca n't be a father to his kid but was more then likely begging u to have it
if mlk jr. was alive and wanted to speak at uc berkeley nowadays , it would cost $ 600k for security alone ...
i get you disagree with my comments but no need to be disrespectful .
if you do n't believe my statistics go do your own research - and you will find that my statement is still true - most terrorist attacks are not carried out by muslims - but by all sorts of actors ( left leaning groups , right - leaning groups , christians , jews , nationalists , white supremacists , etc . )
there are many bad actors and i just wanted to be clear that blaming one religion for ' terrorism ' is inaccurate .
@moviepassfreaks @lindseygrahamsc how many people of color and lgbt are where ?
my question , once again , re the permitted rally folks , unite the right : " can you show me where unite the right called itself either of those " ( nazis and white supremacists ) 

 i am not asking about any others there ( including antifa . )
i am asking only about the permit holders that the aclu backed- " unite the right " .
them .
only .
in the last week alone the obama administration blocked future oil and gas leases in swaths of the arctic and atlantic oceans granted a record number of pardons and commutations for a single day and scrapped a dormant registry for male immigrants from a list of largely muslim countries
> " when you 're called a nazi , a bigot , a racist , a sexist , a transphobe , and a misogynist for absolutely no reason , and that kind of dehumanization occurs for literally years , needless to say it 's probably not the safest scene out there for me right now . "
hot heaping christ you got ta be some kind of brainwashed to legitimately believe there 's no reasonwhy anyone would call colin moriarty a bigot .
< user > or worse that dykes from livingston because he is a different option 🙈
why do we not know where the holocaust went ?
because the victims went up in smoke .
do n't worry about mr. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .
he 's just extremely jewish .
so the topic of pressure to marry , is this a mens ' rights issue ?
my grandfather survived auschwitz .
he wrote a postcard from argentina .
victimhood alert .
it is n't britain 's or europe 's or usa 's fault 80 % of the world is the pits of hell .
my blood is boiling .
jahannam awaits all those who harm the slaves of allah .
url
the country built on murder and stealing cherokee navajo sioux land , imported slave labour , past presidents owned slaves etc .
not so shocking .
would most likely to be effective to indirectly with chess tactics to make america too weak to say no to any new administration questionable
the treatment of ethnic germans in both the east and west after the german surrender is the real genocide that no one wants to talk about .
top players women jr colleges are black but they are from places like liberia uganda ethiopia senegal they are not american blacks and they are as tall as < number > < number > women many look like men is this really america
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > i am a democrat you do nt know my side white people get called immigrants and told to go back to where they came from too
what 's the difference between jews & amp ; money ?
i 'd actually care if i lost six million dollars .
the challenge reminds us we are alive !
keep up the good fight .
things are well on my end .
i m not even watching my tv but i looked over and saw that the notebook was on and i changed the fucking channel .
never seen it , never will .
" rt @issabhadie : " " you crazy " " .. nigga how if i ai n't even stab you yet "
you must really like how trudeau is running large deficits and spending like a drunken sailor with no balance in sight until sometime in the 2050s and during non - recessionary times .
< user > < user > personally idc about this will it does not matter at all however i think it three times uf dropped from < number > to < number > after beating the hillbilly
< user > swine there are two muslim countries given by india pakistan and bangladeshi how can a muslim will be persecuted in islamic country but hindu sikh jain christian are presecuted in both bangladesh and pakistan
who is the most skilled magician in the world ?
hitler , he turned < number > million jews into roasts
yes you were probably too early to the comment party .
and the muslims are against gays , jews   infidels ,   women with hair exposed women in shorts non halal food , any depiction of moe ,   need i go on ?
@x_vashaun @deandra_bridges i changed high schools just to get out the hood and better my self just to see niggas who not even like that 💯
diplomacy is always an option .
war is the failure of diplomacy .
going to war is not an achievement .
it is a consequence of poor communication and mismanagement .
but i understand your question .
is there a point at which diplomacy becomes pointless ?
yes , but we only get there if we want to be there , and that is what is worrisome about trump .
he 'd actually like to get there .
his troubles would disappear , and besides he 's got a nice bunker with a fully stocked pantry to wait out the nuclear winter .
the other hundreds of millions of us do n't .
then they should n't have started harassing him back in 2015 .
@fabbgrat the gays are back at this pokemon shite again 😭
me tonight : the personification of the ' you 're home alone on a friday night ?
god you 're pathetic ' meme
lol what a stupid kike
@grazia747 @sandy49855 @moley_russell my sisters children are mixed race .... i would never designate them as one thing and not the other .
i think mixed race people are often super attractive so shouting out all genetic involvement is a positive .
my sis ' kids are white / indian and they 're adorable .
" i am concerned that , whether they are conscious of it or not , the white men who would vote for trump have never fully accepted women and people of color as equals ... " 

 not only these , but also lgbt folks and jews , two other groups many of these white supremacist types hate .
there can be more to a service than having a competitive rate .
the point is , unlike eugene , we have no options with the present method what is wrong about having more than service option . ?
this is where corrupt gay boy obama was raised and goes back to on vacations
let 's not forget either , that margaret sanger considered " jews , negroes , soldiers ... " as " human weeds " and not worthy of life .
progressives are such fine , elite people deciding who is best fit for their all white , utopian , ideal society of the future .
( and , like hitler , they 'll use anyone to advance their agenda . )
six , that were found dr. what if they were all searched ?
betcha the number would be higher .
in the usa with their gun culture and insane laws of concealed and non - concealed guns they themselves ca n't figure it out so it 's easier to just say no with a lie .
take a step back - 90 % of it was negative news - so a bit of fake news spin to give the connotation that the intent of all that news coverage was to help him
to suggest blm wants to kill all white cops is right wing rhetoric dribble .
what they want is equal treatment from cops when being pulled over , or for having a legal gun , or for , you know , just walking the streets .
yes , there are bad eggs in that group , just like there are bad eggs in nearly every group - but that group was not founded on " kill all white cops " .
the core concept of that group is to get equal treatment .
whereas the core concept of white nationalists is the elimination of anyone who does not look like them .
you suggesting that blm is " the same " as white nationalists actually gives more power to white nationalists because you are equating them to a movement towards equality .
which they are anything but that .
to prove my point , how many black people do you see joining the white nationalists ?
where as blm is not exclusive to black people , and many people who support that movement are in fact white , and latino , and gay , and straight , and jewish and muslim .
did the jews get you down
" dear @harry_styles , " " excited " " is n't the right way to describe my feelings for you and ur new music !
i 'm so proud .
kindly follow me ? —
2,042 "
pass the bill , lose your seat !
if i had a dollar for everytime someone confused @theblockbot with @ggautoblocker , i could pay for blizzcon .
i do n't see kelly refusing his $ 90,000 for 3 months work .
welfare for the rich .
i love it !
why are we here , just to suffer ..... 
 incels ca n't reproduce because no one will have sex with us so we ca n't pass on our dna , employers will promote chads over incels because " he looks like a leader " so we ca n't really accomplish anything , so why are we here , is it all some cruel twisted joke .
what are computers doing in the library ?
funny dev joke , y / n ?
my sense of humor is weird .
log rafts painted white , anchored to the seabed would be a good solution to help these bears survive .
i simply am in awe of this 70 - year - old priest , a man with such evangelical faith and human wisdom to trust the spirit of god 's workings over long reaches of time , patiently listening and conversing , tirelessly driving 500 miles per week , constantly delighting in the young students , selflessly taking up the pastorate of two parishes .
the policies of state and federal government ( e.g. , draconian juvenile sentencing , capital punishment ) and the roman catholic hierarchy ( obstinately limiting parish priesthood to single , celibate men : " i enjoyed teaching and working on the juvenile level .
i 'd still be doing it if we had n't run out of pastors " ) , none of these force - and - fear - driven human obstacles have defeated his finding and sharing the power of divine love in the places those socially powerful men seemly refuse to consider looking .
in order to have continued access to prisoners , fr .
harris can not openly challenge policy .
he inspires me to persevere in fighting for justice , for change .
my class read “ cry , the beloved country ” recently the phrase “ every story has a happy ending ” still holds up
existing us law provides plenty of means to deport people in the us illegally .
why is this executive order even necessary ?
i would guess that it serves two purposes : 1 ) gets the most bigoted trump supporters up in arms ; and 2 ) puts fear into the hearts of people from the affected countries , legally in the us or not .
trump is all about fomenting opinion against people who are not white and christian or jewish .
in the case of jewish people , his approach has backfired because much of his trailer trash support do n't like jews either !
sailor : a tactical datalink controller .
ah , for a life of adventure on the high seas .
gaming companies are rarely * tech * companies .
that 's not their core competency , but they deal with inordinate amounts of abuse .
same thing happens to me when i drink a bottle of vodka ... 

 moderation people ...
\ > in a country people of all races enjoy equal rights ?
well , that does n't seem true .
i mean historically , african americans were significantly discriminated against , even in the last 50 years .
the outcome of this discrimination can still be seen today .
more recently , there are still many policies that negatively affect african americans more than others .
i wish ya nighas stressed ya kids like ya stress these lame bitches .
right , pray to an admitted mass murdering genocidal terrorist and war criminal to stop the killing .
frankly your god likes death and destruction .
the next step will be forfieture laws to dispossess catalans and enrich spanish carpet baggers .
labour branch secretary suspended over hezbollah ' love ' poem : - huseyin abudharr ali also claimed hollywood is zionist propaganda machine and compared israel to isis # labourantisemitism   @uklabour @sg_labour @jeremycorbyn @londonlabour   url
anyway princess sapphire of silverland is a dyke and threw the first brick at stonewall
assault is a criminal offense , why was n’t it taken seriously 2 years ago and leave it to civil courts now ?
at somewhere around $ 500 per member per month reimbursement to oregon 's coordinated care organizations ( ccos ) , eliminating the medicaid expansion is a $ 2.1 billion cut per year .
this is necessary to fill an $ 800 million health care budget gap for the biennium ?
and even more cuts to medicaid are proposed ?
either the rg story is wrong or the proposed cuts are absurdly large .
i try to use gender neutral body part slurs like asshole .
this woman does n't even know her .
chris get these women under control .
one at a time speak .
shut up you blond bimbo
theocrat bitch
i 'm thinking your thinking is years behind and you need to do more research on the terroir of the okanagan
these are the homophobes that the lgbtq community and that liberals progressives and social justice warriors support why do they support the very people that hate them simple because they hate jews
kys cracker
agreed and the ones all ready here must go and take their dumbass american wives with them idk how many american women are marrying muslims but in the the uk it the cool thing to marry the muslim charmer boys to avoid the party scene
put all the jews in camps again .
make sure this time they will never leave .
we cannot go around giving special rights to those that believe they are entitled to them at the expense of others .
i demand my rights be protected and   i am a white straight christian woman who believes that i have as much rights as i have always know to have url
blowjob [ removed ]
pleased to see him safely home .
but did the canadian taxpayer pay a ransom ?
did our government promise to take a certain position on current of future events ?
what was successful in this case but could not be applied for our countrymen in the philippines?(two different cases i realize ) .
just asking for more details , is all .
i do nt like hitler but 
 at least in their world we would have been euthanized rather than being left alive to suffer .
guess who is my work out motivation .
hitler he burned 33 million calories in 4 years
got ta love day one college homework .
write 3 interesting facts about yourself ?
i thought finals were supposed to be hard this is impossible .
a beautiful girl leaving an empty stage is a fucking shame amp if you just sit back to watch that shit you are scum
what do you call an expensive jewish prostitute ?
a holla cost
you should join the trans girl groups ( e.g. duck tales ) on telegram to get more localized friendship and advice .
another one for the inbred jews
# motherfuckers stupid retards abwehr degenerate german european israeli " jews " which have nothing to do with the real hebrews decided to hijack the western history and civilization ! -
google search url
< user > once we cut down the amount of illegal aliens coming in we can spend that money on americans
does n't anyone watch csi or law and order ( dunh dunh ) any more ! ? ? !
the first and best suspect is always the spouse .
yeah , because we those guys had a hand in genocide .
which people did they annihilate ?
how do you fit < number > jews in a car ?
depends on the size of your ashtray
the reason jews shitlibs faggots hate attack christians while defending muslims is because they know the christians will never fight back while the sand niggers will throw their skinny jeaned asses off roofs cut their fucking knit capped heads off
this is why we won , because americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable .
we need to fight back against the synagogue and their white / mexican / black communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them .
i am armed and i am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to mexico / guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways .
illegals must die .
jews vs handguns what 's the difference between a jew and a handgun ?
the bullet comes out of the chamber
why i will never watch parks and recreation ever again ( x - post /r / pandr )
i mean sure but it 's wild to me to see how much users will jump on the chance to complain about women .
none of these stories are funny or instructive , and we 've already heard a thousand times that women 's body hair is disgusting , so what 's the point of posts like these ?
same guys ranting on this post about women 's looks and behavior will be offended by a girl saying she does n't date under 6 ' .
fake " feminist " dems ignore fascist leftists ' violence against women
only real niggas fuck with krit url
but rompecorazones , obama actually did try his best as president to extricate american troops from afghanistan .
pandora , 
 i 've had something akin to " two bites of the apple " when it comes to being around the young .
the first was while our own kids were growing up , and we became close to a lot of their friends .
ten years ago , i graduated from law school .
again , we were immersed with 20 - somethings for 3 pretty intense years .
it was from so many of these kids that i heard how intimidating their experiences were with the church , especially if they were considering marriage in the church .
there 's no doubt in my mind that this   younger generation is very different from mine , so i do n't mean to discount what you 're saying .
but i think it does n't take all that much in today 's world , to string together even just a few bad experiences , with the public antics of church leaders , and to come away from it all with a very negative viewpoint .
ultimately , its time for a call from the top : ca n't have it both ways anymore : meet people where they are , or continue " the wall " that so often is perceived .
i need a year to recover 
 i need to recover my broken mind tbh
today quote from my very gay partner i forgot men could have girlfriends
which is 3 steps above you and your former hatemongering lying president
there is plenty of evidence that women and non - white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world .
@tmz misleading and purposely inflammatory headline .
so , if white supremacists appropriated likeness of the american bald eagle , anyone associated with that likeness would be a white supremacist ?
you 're peddling garbage !
canada is becoming like germany in the 1930 's - free speech must be eliminated !
it is interesting that only the islamic faith is protected by this bill , it is still ok to slander and defame christians and jews .
< user > that alright u a bitch anyway
< user > < user > < user > acc is a fucking joke and bama already prison raped the second best team in the sec clemson best the 6 th best team at best in the sec by < number > keep drinking the kool aid home boy
@sanjay_dixit these types of sick haters & anti social elements should be arrested , whether they belong to any religious community .
immediate action should be taken by police whoever disturb the social harmony .
our country will progress only if there is internal peace & harmony amongst people
out of the mouths of babes ... 
 while crime and homelessness runs rampant , the assembly talks down to simple solutions provided by fresh minds .
these 8th graders should bring up using a sales tax to pay for services like public safety .
a guy would have a better chance of survival on admiralty ( fortress of the bears ) island with a tarp and a sharp stick than in that urban cluster * * * * where these kids live .
but , the government knows best ...
i outgrew fairy tales .
that 's why i no longer believe zionist propaganda .
< user > < user > i hate you all
that rather unkind i am a mgtow working a great job with lots of women around me going to school to become a needlessly certified computer engineer just got out of a relationship with an old classmate pathological liar
gappy and yasuho said : trans rights are human rights
a nigga will play you today and i will have a new nigga today thought i was gone say tomorrow nah bitch today !
😂
last time i checked there was n't any jews shouting death to americans
polls shkw that if the election were held todar ... an overwhelming majority of americans would b very sarprised
" @ligacaomixer @omgetweird @radiodisney quinze # littlemix " " shout out to my ex " " # heartbreak @radiodisney "
trump closeted hatred of dark skinned people from shithole countries will come to hurt hispanics italian americans koreans and so on a bigot and racist does not stop at just one race to be scapegoated it white supremacist self adoration narcissism
trudeau still needs to be gone in 2019 .
is this hoe gone dm me back
what do jews and cars have in common they are full of gas
i love the brown girl
i literally told them to walk their ass around the court like why tf you trying to walk in the middle of the court just to leave the gym then the white bitch had the nerves to keep looking at me like she had a problem
why ca n't we get 1.5 million people to raid the immigration concentration camps url
actually walker with his brilliant ideas to fire all these people who was working with the pfd , for years and our economy gone in a month , now what !
mr new sherif in town ? .
real news i can bet my last dollar they are all jews alan dershiwitz alix acosta epstein weinstine right to the top of the ladder who is the most power full people in the usa .the fake jews why will the media not say jews be cause there owners probly involve in this satanic homo pedophile sick son ah bitches .
i think there just stop human trafficking on usa border with those concertration camps thank god for the children safty
the world will know peace when we send back the sand niggers and kikes and nuke the middle east out of existence
sure , ruin the planet .
drill holes , poison water .
vote for it if you want .
but , remember you live here too . #
savetheepa # savethebees
what s the difference between a jew and a pizza ?
i do nt like it when my pizza burns
do you know what hitler would have invented if the third reich had lasted a few months longer ?
a self - cleaning oven .
fifty for the skipper - # gambhir - # kkr reach 116 at the halfway stage .
barring a miracle , this game is done and dusted # ipl
what are the odds that there ll be more hostility to women in politics after we emerge from this it already quite present on here but we are something of a bubble 🤔
so many followers and nothing to say just remember niggers suck jewboys suck baby dick and faggots suck anything they can
i 'd bet she 's fucking somebody back home and you are a greencard marriage
.@jmackay1962 @smabsa are they ?
good .
i have n't seen any mention yet ...
yep , he 's just a racist moron that needs his jaw readjusted , by a dentist , so it hides the extra chromosomes better .
soros has no scruples when it comes to making money even from his fellow jews in hungary 1944 ..... 



 kroft : my understanding is that you went out with this protector of yours who swore that you were his adopted godson .
soros : yes .
yes .
kroft : went out , in fact , and helped in the confiscation of property from your fellow jews , friends and neighbors .
soros : yes .
that ’s right .
yes .
kroft : i mean , that sounds like an experience that would send lots of people to the psychiatric couch for many , many , years .
was it difficult ?
soros : no , not at all .
not at all , i rather enjoyed it .
kroft : no feelings of guilt ?
soros : no , only feelings of absolute power .
this nazi collaborator pig spent millions trying to get crooked hillary elected , and is now spending millions to remove donald trump .
and liberals think white supremacists are bad ?
with muslim terrorist countries spreading terrorism around the world , and its abject failings in syria , the un has failed to address what should matter .
the only apartheid today exists in muslim and arab countries where the oppression and separation of women , gays and minorities is prevalent .
the apartheid accusation is the functional equivalent of the big lie which was employed against the jews thoughout history after the czarist forgery , the protocols of the elders of zion , and the german publication of mein kampf .
in israel , arabs and palestinians are employed in all walks of life : 
 the israeli parliament , the judiciary , the medical profession , the university professoriate and student bodies , the military , in government positions , and the list goes on .
israel 's sworn detractors employ the 
 anti - israel propaganda strategy that “ if you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it , people will eventually come to believe it . "
the same is true here .
ganduje : 95 percent of almajiri roaming streets of kano are foreigners - thecable url
if you rent , you do n't pay property taxes , your landlord does .
he / she pays taxes whether anyone is paying rent or not .
it is an expense of them owning the property .
no one is paying the taxes but the owner .
i never suggested the bank financial bailout was n't absolutely necessary and that is where , all of the money had been repaid with interest , narrative has been proven true .
it was also the reason the recovery had already been set in motion before obama even took office .
it was the purchase of the auto companies and turning some of the ownership over to the unions at a cost to the taxpayers of 9 + billion of dollars that i question .
please if yo mom or dad works in vehicle licensing send me a dm .
i 'm stuck with the fucking police .
i have questions .
so they burnt the talmud in the notre dame cathedral now jews and muzzies celebrate muzzie cucks and jewish bucks
i hate to repeat the same thing but when dumb libtards learn race is not fucking muzz yid or christian one is natural born another choose or forced to be one
i think it 's great .
it shows she does n't care about gender norms and is n't afraid to express herself .
not all are places of prosperity .
like all communities in our great diverse nation , we asian communities , have poverty .
you 're trying to say to me and other people of asian ancestry that we are the stereotypical model   group .
this fallacy come from the 1960 's .
this fallacy said we , asians , were to go in technical matters and not leadership .
i have seen this fallacy in the u.s. army about 13 years ago being uttered by both white and black servicemembers .
my white section sergeant changed his opinion , when i dealt with a sticky situation in balad , iraq .
there are criminal problems within our communities and many of our 1st / immigrants have the suscipion of police .
they do n't speak with the police , when they need to and lot of the criminal activity comes from our own communities and not outside races .
there is violence , filth , and drugs in our communities and by your comment , you ignore us .
we are not the model miniority .
pay attention to us and do n't give us the false narrative !
as ww2 raged in the fall of 1944 comrade stalin issued a decree ; all ethnic germans would be expelled from east prussia , silesia , memeland , poland , hungary and sudentland ( czech ) .
over 17 million deported by the red army by summer 1945 .
other terrible crimes which included rape and murder .
churchill , roosevelt , truman all endorsed his idea .
this solved the german ethnic crisis which started ww2 .
germany is now the most peaceful nation in the world .
the west should expel all muslims back to the middle east and do a population exchange with pakistan , iraq we take their christians .
this would solve the muslim crisis which has brought chaos and destruction .
this would benefit all parties involved .
which is the best hotel in the world ?
auschwitz .
people never seem to be leaving that place .
so many people , including over half of the damn country , figured out that owning , raping , and murdering people based on their skin color is wrong .
i 'm sad that those who did n't were willing to murder fellow americans to continue to rape , murder , and otherwise profit from the incredible suffering they happily inflicted upon other human beings .
i am also sad that the decendants of these unfortunate people need to constantly deal with people like you who trivialize slavery and the injustice that continues to exist because of it and the policies that followed it .
do n't disturb dracula ( republican majority ) while he 's in a frenzy sucking the blood out of alaska 's educational system .
you can become hooked on anything , man .
i 'm currently addicted to slowly working out in an empty gym between 1 & amp ; 2:30am .
just me & amp ; @1023wbab
palestinians are a rogue entity with no rule of law or independent judiciary .
honour killings of wives 
 and daughters and female genital mutilations are the order of the day .
jew hatred comes with their 
 mother 's milk .
the land of israel is one of core ideas and precepts of judaism , along with god and the torah .
denying the self - determination of jews in their historic homeland is anti - semitic as it discriminates against jews whereas self - determination of other cultures and religions are conferred upon them , just listen to the palestinians , their leaders and supporters , who claim self - detemination for their people .
criticism is legitimate , however holding israel in contempt and opprobrium and out of proportion to any other party in the middle east , and claiming that israel has no right to exist , is well beyond mere criticism .
from now on , when people ask me " why do you hate the jews " i 'm going to say " because of star wars 8 . "
you ppl need to fight and reclaim your own lands .
not piggy back off of the usa .
fix your shitholes .
fight for it .
make your lands great again .
i am grumpy over having to argue about if cnames are allowed to have underscores .
it 's in the freaking rfc .
😤
this is a video with pictures of old postcards of gliwice ( gleiwitz ) upper silesia , at the beginning of the video , and present day pictures of gliwice ( gleiwitz ) at the end of the video .
stfu zionazi destroying america same they did to germany
it may be time for donald kushner to launch a third world war against germany .
it is the sacred duty of the united states of america to protect the jews for all eternity from anyone who ever dares to question them .
url
american , and of pakistani descent
still ignorant qbcoach15 must be all those traumatic brain injuries .
muslim culture ( do not prove your ignorance by saying " religion " ) is a culture of war .
mohammad unified the waring tribes that were killing themselves , into large armies , his armies were conquering " the known world " .
his large armies had a severe logistics problem , mohammad then wrote the holy koran making it law for all nations to provide food , clothing , support , money to the armies , and that all must join the jihad without any excuses .
109 suras of the 114 suras of the holy koran are the declared war against christians , jews , unbelievers .
the 5 suras state that peace will be achieved when all christians , jews , unbelievers are subjugated to islam .
the holy celebration of ramadan is the muslim celebration of the defeats and massacres of the christians , jews , unbelievers .
ramadan fasting represents the muslims getting up before dawn eating and drinking then going into combat without food and water .
continued
hey i can say racial slurs on here nigger kike spic wop coon heeb sandnigger jew faggot homo your mom
i do n't understand guys that spend fortunes on prostitutes .
if i want to spend money to have sex i 'll just pay the morgue security guard .
everybody is different .
i guess maybe tell her what you think is awesome about her that does n't relate to physical attributes , the fact that she 's trans or any of that .
if another woman ( cis or trans ) is feelin me on that level i 'm going to start walking into things like a goofy stunned pigeon .
but , again , everybody is different .
thank you for posting this !
this disgusting lie will hopefully one day be addressed and corrected , at that point i would hope the world will see the jews for what they really are .
idk y one of y' all hard ass black niggas ai n't find this man n kill him yet .
he been disrespecting that boy since he killed him smdh url
you mean the the phone occupation ?
how is 18 years " temporary " .
israel 's official reason was to curb the plo yet it continued into beirut and laid siege .
it basically went from " let 's protect our borders " to " might as well keep these lands " .
what was n't in the story , is the fact that the refugees ( not simply immigrants ) , are given very little money , for a very limited time .
they are then expected to provide for themselves .
this is what the classes at css are for - english classes , cultural assimilation classes and simple job training .
they are taught how to fish ; they are not given a fish .
refugees in general , are very appreciative of this opportunity given to them ( see the part about less than 1 % of refugees being resettled ) , and tend to be very hard workers .
where refugees go , economies tend to improve .
after being given a hand up , they do not rely on hand outs .
bud light and " sophisticated " do n't belong on the same web server , never mind in the same headline .
and that 's fine , there 's a market for that style of beer .
but craft breweries started for a reason , for people who want difference and boldness and originality -- and now sab anheuser miller busch is snapping them up for profits and homogenization .
make american beer bland again .
lol nice try kike trying to convince me to dox myself because you called me a name tell ur kike line manager to try harder next time ur freudian bs no longer works on us goyim the goyim know
i rubbed some chocolate powder around my mouth to look like ashes then i went to my jewish friend and told him " your grandmother 's pussy tasted great "
lop rajya sabha ghulam nabi azad addresses the house on the muslim women ( protection of rights on marriage ) bill 2019 .
url
" your yiddish word for today is : simcha ( sim - chuh)- a blessing .
i happy , joyous occasion that merits celebration . " "
talk about a simcha ..... "
the iraq invasion was a hit in peoria too .. until they woke up .
cbristians united for israel a zionist conference full of zionist money grabbing warmongering cunts who believe the world is about to come to an end weirdos
my hair will not grow in one fucking spot & # 128557;&#129318;&#127998;‍ ♀ ️ brah wtf
the military coup d'etat in egypt occurred in 2013 , not 2012 .
ca n't get behind these america hating cunts ...
i know damm well some one did not just put me in a meme page saying i 'm the cash me outside girl lmaooo i hate dville ! & #
128514 ; gimme my money hoe
they never seem to tire of hiding the good news , do they ?
and you ca n't keep defending him as if he is a paragon of virtue .
in fact , he is narcissistic , ignorant , lying man .
that at least one of his closest advisors is a racist and antisemite does not seem to bother you .
well , as the descendant of two of the jewish victims of auschwitz , it bothers me .
qanon maga fakenews popefrancis administers final rites at cardinal law funeral as abuse victims speak out law resigned in disgrace as archbishop of boston in < number > after revelations that he covered up for dozens of priests who raped children
once again mr saunders has managed to deflect islamic problems in the west by claiming that the far - right is a greater threat to european jews .
he probably also thinks that white supremacists elected donald trump and british skinheads were responsible for the brexit vote .
she 's trying to play it as " we can have our own opinions but i still respect you " - no .
she does n't .
she admitted that she was selling out .
just a part of their victimhood narrative the only target of anger should be their own in wakanda who sold them to the jews and arabs really they need to be repatriated by force no exceptions even dr carson
this is clearly a form of mental illness which requires psychiatric treatment .
mentally ill people deserve our sympathy but they do n't belong in the military .
he 's not picking a fight .
he 's leveraging his position as governor .
in subtle and obfuscated ways , we alaskans lose .
all my concerns and comments disappear when i 'm back to work .
big brother ... you listening .
well in some countries , such as the uk and ireland , the police generally do not have guns , though specialist firearms officers can be called in when necessary .
i raped the jews because it gassed my dog .
degenerate jews hate white people jews
what s the best hot dog for a gas grill ?
ann franks
< user > it actually country but ghetto stole it
@realtidbe put a fucking condom on .
or be celibate .
or fuck girls you have an interest in .
it 's so fucking dirty to continuously raw dog chicks you do n't have an interest in enough to kiss them dude .
discussion over i m not changing my mind lmfao .
that 's why i hate men 😂
i lost my great grandfather in auschwitz he fell down from a watch tower .
the answer to your question lies in this , grasshopper .
why do some people prefer cage fighting to marquid de queensbury rules boxing ?
burn in hell you descendant of abrahams wives slave bastard your race will be erased on judgement day by god himself
the more el presidente tighten grips the more immigrants people will slip thru his fingers .
it may be time for donald kushner to launch a third world war against germany .
it is the sacred duty of the united states of america to protect the jews for all eternity from anyone who ever dares to question them .
url
< user > < user > is it the one i was coming on here to dog him about where he justified < number > year olds being raped by epstein
# rodsuskin " he he he he kill your work sincerely that s all we care about , you will not persist in a jew world , we will come & rape & kill your mother , does this sound semite enough for u , come post us raped by palestinians , he he he "
< user > katniss was lesbian let ’ be honest
i do n't think trump and harper are motivated by religion , power more like .
shlomo for a small fee i can help you stop shilling like a tay sachs ghetto jew peddling fake diamonds out of a rag cart here a freebie turn off the projection it like a giant star of david bat signal
does this woman own any piece of clothing that was n't previously used on the set of star trek ?
the whole transgender restroom issue is what it is , but i greatly dislike the common argument based on the stigma that men will sexually assault and violently abuse women
" " " how come you do n't know i ca n't open ( the ranch bottles ) while they 're in my ass , link ? " " -
brad , 2017 @fuckster691 "
isreal should go fuck themselves up the ass
cocktails at dawn for the national come on 80/1 here we fucking go
you look like a failed isis recruit so now you just jerk off to hentai
" that one looks jewish and that one 's a coon .
who let all this riff raff into the room ?
there 's one smoking a joint and another with spots .
if i had my way i 'd have all of you shot . "-
pink floyd
what do avengers infinity war and schindler 's list have in common ?
they both feature people being turned into ash
guys , i recommend hitler 's latest comedy show ... ... it 's a gas
@rfupdates ... it appears the self - delusion and self - righteousness is on display once again !
mind you , about 70 % of the world 's population thinks exactly the same about your christian religion !
what do you have to tell them , mr. hubris ?
shove your man - made religion where it hurts !
🤣
( ( ( trump ) ) ) dindu nuffin other than commuting the sentence of a disgusting exploitative kike who was swindling the goyim and running a meth lab out of his kosher meat packing plant .
what do avengers infinity war and schindler 's list have in common ?
they both feature people being turned into ash
" . . .
officers arrested her on suspicion of theft . . . "
.
that was the first wrong : you better have probable cause if you are going to arrest someone .
and if you only have suspicion , you 'd be better off letting her run away without admitting you let her escape which earns you time off without pay .
you have never done anything but seek out paul town enemies and get mad because you are friends with a kike who needs help from several people to defend against me
1:56 they do nt exactly ride bikes because they are " environmentally conscious " .
cycling ( as we say ) is rather simply a tradition in the southern half of scandinavia , including the stockholm area .
putin kills people , trump admires him .
people around the world sucker to guys like this , or are enslaved to them and no way out .
they 're not " bread crumbs " , your words not mine .
but even well - meaning leaders can make human mistakes and hurt a lot of people .
when the evidence shows that a candidate for office will be a complete disaster you do n't elect him , if you accept there is evidence .
and you do n't actually hope for the inevitable results .
is that it motleycrew , latinosfortrump ! ,
thedunthorpemd , gudagook , ad nauseum , do you secretly desire nuclear annihilation at the hands of duly elected maniacs ?
or eager for corporate oligarchs like trump to eat away your sustenance and your families futures ?
or relieved to never again get a choice in leaders as democratic movements around the globe and in america are subsumed by " free trade " deals negotiated entirely for the benefit of oligarchs ?
no ?
did you vote for sanders or will you make the wager that " reality steps in " ?
" islam is not the enemy , " 
 q 4:34 , husbands are allowed to beat their wives if they “ fear disobedience ; ” q 2:282 , the testimony of a woman is worth half that of a man ’s ; q 4:11 and q 4:176 , a woman should only inherit half as much as a man does ; q 65:4 , sexual relations with females who have not yet had their menstrual cycle ( i.e. , prepubescent girls ) are permissible;q 4:24 , having female sex slaves , “ those whom your right hand possess ” is permissible .
it demands that christians and jews be fought and brought under submission for their beliefs ( q 9:29 ) .
it states that the punishment for “ those who sow corruption on the earth ” which can include large swathes of people , is to be executed , crucified , or mutilated ( q 5:33 ) .
the qur’an commands that muslims be harsh against unbelievers , and merciful amongst themselves ( q 48:29).these verses are all from the qur’an , the most authoritative source for islamic doctrine and praxis .
maybe not your enemy .
also , please do not harbor criminals .
john 's investing process explains why the average person who 's willing to vote the time and attention to their portfolio   does n't need the services of a financial " advisor " to mismanage and waste away their hard - earned savings .
a modest dose of self - confidence does n't hurt either .
i agree many of the names he mentions like enb , trp and bip have been real gems over the years .
thanks john for your common sense and practical advice .
what 's worse than a bee sting ?
two bee stings .
what 's worse than two bee stings ?
the holocaust .
what 's worse than the holocaust ?
three bee stings . (
alternate answer : < number > million jews )
fucking twitch thots
see the way jordan is blaming anna for him avoiding her ? !
absolute nut cases men are # loveisland
oh good , jewish conspiracy theories .
given that trump 's statement on holocaust remembrance day was praised by neo - nazis for its " de - judeification " of the holocaust , i 'm going to say i do n't give a fuck who his kids marry , he 's empowering anti - semites .
the price of votes has gone up .
put all mexicans in prison wit him
at issue is not whether climate is changing , but the human activity compnent , and what we can and should accept as our responsibility .
omg   thanks
white billionaires and one loser inbred smelly muzzie protecting their highly overpaid antique farm equipment being disrespectful jerk offs this far into the nfl season is somewhat surprising seeing the slow bleeding week after week is a bonus though
love people who hate you love despite the hate love despite the pain love despite the hurt love always 🌻
what does a construction worker and a toddler have in common both should be working with wood
" so : ' wag magpanic , hindi ito precursor ng " " the big one , " " though it does n't take away that mm might be soon due for it .
exercise caution ! "
niggas be lying i be believing em 🥺
this faggot is under the influence of dick fuck this homo and his subversion tactics .
usa was founded for white christian people , if you 're not one or the other than leave .
abrahamic religion is trash .
now defend your trash church 's kiddie diddling .
did you know there 's an equation to calculate the rate of jews who left concentration camps ?
chimney length vs. wind speed .
haha what an idiot .
we literally gave you the answer and now your relationship with your brother and his husband is in the toilet .
you made your homophobic cunt pandering bed so go lie in it .
u need to clean out ur insides kike
just another shining example why islam needs to be eradicated from the planet
first , the unsubstantiated " rich guy " , and guy who has to say , repeat , say again ; i 'm rich , i 'm rich , who is he trying to convince ?
apparently us , he knows better .
he filed bankruptcy , after bankruptcy , ripped off ppls life savings on his fake college , on how he cheated and payed no taxes and still does nt .
he so great , what is he listening to an american by birth , african by decent person , whom he cleary psuedoly feels superior to , and any other human , woman , white , or non white person on earth .
this trump came from a line of rich folks , not of is his evolution , i like the image of prosperous am . ,
how he got , it if it exists , i do notlike .
he is a real , like a three dollar bill , image is a whole ball of wax , and seperate from the him .
sound bite guy , truth does not know this man , his daughter is the best thing to happen to him , sorry jewish daughter to maniacal person , trump   not qual .
to suggest if happened to a fmr pres .
whom he hates and accused .
it happened 2him , he changes subj
w < number > fatal error of w < number > - hitler : " i said i wanted a glass < allcaps > of juice , < allcaps > not gas < allcaps > the < allcaps > jews " !
< allcaps >
if calvin scrapes his cereal bowl one more time carter is going to be without a dad
< user > < user > one where they president is a mob boss and running a crime syndicate out of the white house
spreading the message about jews is now settler tier which is natural and good congratulations you figured out the problem the next step is to do something about it
wrong on all counts .
also ... i wish you new age ppl would stop acting like marriage is n't a goal .
for some ppl it 's their only goal to be a wife / mom & amp ; that 's ok .
what do you call a jewish pokémon trainer ?
ash
i 've lived in shaker hts . ,
ohio .
the vast majority of the jews that i have met have been friendly , thoughtful , humanitarians .
swerner and goodman were murdered with chaney for registering black folks to vote in philadelphia , mississippi , in the 1960 's .
their martyrdom was important enough for ronald reagan to launch his successful run for president with a speech there .
the white crowd loved his speech .
none of them were fans of the dead .
his speech was a brilliant strategy to recruit the white racists to the gop .
no doubt .
the girls were n't obese and the gays were n't out trying to convert everyone by normalizing their degeneracy .
yeh because now we live in the generation of delicate men who ca n't take a real woman pussy
new to reddit , what is the 80/20 rule ?
my mayonnaise is trying kill me - or so my sauces tell me .
we take mosque hit and runs very seriously but if you are a muslim migrant and plow into a load of pedestrians we will do our best to rule it an accident
i m a thug but i moan wen she suck it 🥴
i see that the white nationalist shooter was captured alive and well .
so , let me just see if i 'm properly understanding this nice little set - up that has been established in the u.s. > * be black and suspected of selling single cigarettes - death by chokehold * _ _ _ > * be white , indoctrinated by far - right extremist rhetoric , and conduct a mass shooting that leaves 20 people dead - wind up in custody * am i missing something here ?
all tha feelz muh nigga
i do n’t like holocaust jokes ann frank - ly , i wo n’t stand for them
< user > < user > babies in cages destroying environment by rolling back regulations siding with white supremacists bad mouthing gold star families shithole countries response to puerto rico that just a few
< user > therapy anime gay
listen if n and chungha ever collabed the gays would die
so , many muslims hate christians , jews and asians .
palestine house has been a cesspool of hate , caught in the act numerous times .
ask mirna , an arab language talk show was just taken off the air by rogers cable because it has been disseminating hate toward jews and israel on numerous occasions .
it 's done so in arabic , so you would n't know unless you watched it and spoke the language .
what other immigrant racial group has spread hatred in canada in such a clandestine way ?
i feel sorry for the victims of the shooting and their families , but i must laugh at the author who fits the cliche " methinks the lady dost protest too much " .
you know , sometimes one sidedness is because of a lack of moral equivalency .
like , for example , making an equation between i ) allegedly meeting with an agent of another country , to provide policy changes in return for information versus ii ) allegedly sub - contracting opposition research .
one is treason , the other is n't .
one merits a special prosecutor , the other does n't .
bitches find an illiterate man with anger issues & a gun & call him a hood nigga lmao url
why are only white nations being invaded buy non white immigrants
the answer is simple trid ... those who insist and believe in the absolute purity and infallibility of magisterial teaching believe ( and therefore " act " ) in a manner that is contrary to the laws of nature .
given that we know all things change and grow with knowledge , maturity , etc . ,
and that includes the body of christ , his church .
so as catholic christians we are either wedded to the laws of nature ( based on reality and christocentric thought ) or natural law theory which is an outdated philosophy based on black - white thinking and does not comport with our understanding of modern human behavior .
the sad truth is , black and white thinking causes war and division and has little to do with loving god and neighbor .
i 've been subjected to racial abuse ( especially growing up-- less so now , thankfully ) .
i have never felt humiliated by a racist ( angry , sure , but not humiliated ) .
why would i ?
i did nothing wrong .
the racist is the one who humiliates himself by his conduct .
it is n't .
being eastern european in heritage and upbringing i greet my close friends with a cheek kiss .
always fun to laugh at the niggers kikes faggots dykes and other low lifes they deserve what they get
damn right we are going to react when an < number > white country pushes non white actors everywhere
i think that there are many people who would be happy to work if it was available .
the days when you could support a family ( the necessities ) .
it 's over if you 're self - aware , you will never be able to mingle at a normie event
and this ny kike liberal should b sent packing totally incompetent like the majority of broward county givin fl a bad name
i hope merkel loses .
europe is forcefully being islamized by an uncontrolled migrant crisis coming from northern africa and the middle east , vetting is not being done properly or not at all , it 's a free for all , and to top it off soros , global elites and corrupted politicians are working with human smugglers and ngos to moved these economic migrants ( trump ended the war in syria , so that is no longer an excuse ) across the mediterranean sea into europe , mostly through italy .
this corruption has destroyed most of sweden as we knew it , which is now the rape country of the world .
look up malmö to see what the future holds for the west .
the mainstream media , owned by the globalist elites , are also pushing this agenda of flooding europe with some dangerous migrants that believe allah wants all westerners , jews and christians dead .
shame on you .
< user > hey there imgs with white backgrounds can be pretty confusing to distinguish maybe it an edge case but it took me quite some time to figure out that i need to click on the very edges of the post to see replies suggestion
and this is the thanks the bitch gives
i mean you went insinuating by going " who would vote .. " .
how about worry who you 're voting for then ?
and maybe stop insinuating on others ?
hahaha
eat me it a ritual created by the jews to bring their sons closer to god the rabbi literally sucks the bleeding dick fuck off with your pagan rituals
i agree , i am so sick of these globalists who abuse and sacrifice our children , even murdering the unborn .
they only have anything because we all play the role of dumbed down manipulated slaves mindlessly interacting with their corrupt and manipulated monetary system .
let 's pull resources , buy an island and say good bye to these psychopaths :) .
i 'm serious .... i want out of this insane asylum lol .
fur ball ? :-)
this rises above partisanship - it 's about an overdue effort to make amends for a truly horrible period in our history .
my girlfriend 's dad said if i beat him in an arm wrestle that we could have sex .
he 's the funniest bilateral amputee i know .
@ilhanmn what are you up to ?
we know that you are always anti - semitic you hate the jews people like you hate america minnesotans maybe fold by your fake plea , but the rest of us are well aware of your cars to take down america and make it under sharia law you will be removed from office
almost everyone i know that takes cabs uses uber .
they just feel really bad about it .
every one of them even down to < number > 1 2 8 th of a half breeds quarter babies and the octaroon kike fuckers too
when a guy asks a woman for her hand ?
when he is tired of his own
fossil fuels require infrastructure to get them to plants ( not to mention the plants themselves ) all are added costs that fossil fuel advocates fail to calculate .
not to mention the transmittion lines and those costs .
unfortunately you really ca n't .
you look short ( under 6'2 " ) and you 're clearly not a basketball / football player or hood .
you 're best bet is to stay in school and make some money from a good job .
girls will still never be attracted to you for real but at least then you 'll be able to experience a relationship .
make sure to never pay for anything for her until you smash .
sorry bro , that 's life !
with the totally incompetent democrats running hawaii ; we can not in ten years solve the problem of the homeless yet the push is to get more immigrants ?
25 % of hawaii 's children go to be hungry but we want more mouths to feed ?
the democrats have not created any kind of jobs or economy here in hawaii yet we want more people ; more unemployed ?
people are leaving hawaii because it is no longer affordable for them yet we want to add more people to the local welfare roles ?
south african women are gorgeous okay .
do n't imply even via rhetorical " question " that i said " all jews committed war crimes " .
i referred to zionists .
i oppose zionism for the same reasons i oppose nazism and apartheid -- doesn't mean i hate jews , germans or boers .
the zionist entity is n't a theocracy .
it 's a secular , openly anti - semitic apartheid state .
i am a semite -- descended from a syrian sephardic jewish immigrant .
the real anti - semites are the zionist ashkenaziim , who are not semites but derive from the turk - related khazars , originating in the black sea region , who converted to the jewish faith in the 8th century ; they rule " ersatz isra'el " , and they 've persecuted not only semitic muslims and christians , but arab and african jews .
research the zionists ' deliberate irradiation of over 100,000 sephardic jewish children with us army x - ray machines giving 35,000 times the maximum dose !
killed thousands of them !
they 're still dying of cancer and leukemia today .
the zionists learned their lessons from the nazis well !
@asainspades @urocklive1 that 's what i 've been thinking !
tell immigrants to go home , tell americans to leave home ... myopic morons ..
who gives a fuck ?
free palestine- wipe israel off the map .
let iran have nukes like israel does and american lives can stop being wasted on protecting a shitty little stretch of desert for a bunch of ungrateful jews .
< user > it already happened the jews would kill the arabs and build something like israel it silly to believe that jews can not build a civilization independently whatever their parasitical traits relative to whites they are not worse than east asians who build civilizations just fine
can i hear myself ?
how about you mekun , do you hear steve bannon ?
this particular trumpite said he “ did n’t want the girls going to school with jews ... he said he does n’t like jews ... "   do you hear jeff sessions ?
sessions had called a black lawyer “ boy ” and warned him to “ be careful how you talk to white folks . ” ,
and ﻿called white civil - rights lawyer jim blacksher “ a disgrace to his race . ”
yes mekun , i hear myself fine .
do you ?
just wanted to give this a bump up .
we have had a few good people coming to our weekly get together and would like to encourage anyone else interested in meeting and networking with us here in calgary to feel free to pm me .
do you know what is the worst part about the holocaust ?
that it ended
last but not least , shoutout to those guys on the bus in georgia that were talking shit until they ran after being confronted by my friend .
watch them allow the kook djou to run again .
he a midget kike yeah been known for a while on the right and everyone who agreed he was a midget kike got banned from all the alt right forums
who the hell invited this faggot
rick ross does   he also says only fat n * * * * in a sauna full of jews
me : : i made greens for the first time this weekend !
coworker : : oh really ?
i had some watermelon .
me : : .... did you eat any thing else ?
coworker : : well yeah .
me : : then why did you only tell me about the watermelon ?
do n't leave ur house alone u jewish christian homosexual boy lover ur dead man walking slut
we are woke as fuck and we are not listening to some kikess or shabos shiksa not even your favorite
about 9 or 10 hours away and i ca n’t wait until i get my new laptop that i desperately need
< user > < user > there raped and molested boys put on child support i kid you not
the great thing about facts is they do n't care about feelings nor your psychological projection .
whether i am as i claim ( which i am ) or not , it does not matter because the facts remain as they are and will continue to be .
i wonder how long candace owens will last as the latest black sock puppet for conservative white people .
i am a tallcel 
 i am a 6 foot geek with a jew nose .
yeah , i appreciate that .
tbh , i feel like in the lgbt community trans people get the most shit .
ok - maybe that 's by and large a female point of view .
my wife will do it in exceptional circumstances as in arches national park in utah .
i remember four of us camping for a couple of days during an off road experience here in bc and his wife went nuts with the bugs .
i 'm of a different view since at 18 i took a rucksack and hitchhiked alone to argentina .
i can count on my left hand how often i slept indoors to save money .
at 65 i can look back and say it was the high point of my life despite all the bugs , itches and dirty roadside ditches i slept in .
it taught me valuable lessons , some unwanted but maybe necessary too .
perhaps that 's the difference between margaret and me besides gender .
she sounds like the occasional weekend warrior who finally hangs up her sword , whereas i was focused on a larger picture - seeing the world ; creepy crawlies were incidental .
why does n't the sa at least give the street name in case there 's other kapuna 's that are out doing their morning walking exercise .
that way they can perhaps walk in groups .
# rodsuskin " he he he he kill your work sincerely that s all we care about , you will not persist in a jew world , we will come & rape & kill your mother , does this sound semite enough for u , come post us raped by palestinians , he he he "
yeah , i do n't see it .
but if you do and feel that strongly , feel free to join ms taggart on 2/17 ... show that evil 1 % what you think of them !
you can sing kumbaya and get to know each other better .
leave with a warm fuzzy , feeling good -- like you really did something , you know ?
time to make a cuppa .
maybe some toast .
couple of biscuits .
there ’s that bag of mini eggs in the fridge too . #
hinterland
if the pyramids were built by europeans instead of africans they would n't be trying to say aliens did it
< user > when roy rosales killed he called himself a dumb nigger which in court you have to say roy rosales dumb nigger killed
do n't tell this lady they also named a whole country after the n word .
oh my fucking god .
you have a pussy to worship .
to kiss , nibble , lick , suck and fuck
you can not form an argument your position on child abuse is indefensible so you resort to low energy attacks it really sad i am ashamed to think you are white tell me you are a kike or something to give me a reason to keep trying to save my people
" go fuck yourself . "
if the abrahamic god is the one we 're talking about , he 's a goddamn cunt .
i am surprised the g&m had the courage to print this article .
it 's literally only birth control when i 'm having sex , the rest of the time it lets me function normally without debilitating cramps , a flow so heavy i 'm bleeding through tampons , pads , underwear , and pants , and fucked up mood swings .
fuck these uneducated , misogynistic , racist politicians .
who cares about global leadership ?
trump is showing true leadership to those that elected him , and the people he should care about most , the american people .
it 's a shame trudeau does n't exhibit the same leadership qualities , but he 's more interested in how he looks to the un and others .
all the time we are a targeted people i ' ve been attacked four times for no reason except i ' m white and i was alone learn how to defend yourself your friends and your family for any and all possibilities
you know who else was obsessed with perfect genes , right ?
hitler , who had josef mengele at his side experimenting on humans to find the perfect one , while killing millions of jews .
the obsession with genes on the part of this president and his administration is really disgusting .
@bsv_metanet @richschultz3 religions should be forbidden .
every religious zealots would have kept us in dark ages if they could have done so , they tried , & failed .
we should burn them all like witches or keep them in church ghetto style area & go ahead with technology human enhancement for everyone else .
you sound like someone who works for big oil
the federal conflict of interest act does no apply   to the government of alberta , its elected officials or alberta public officials given its definitions and jurisdiction .
if you had actually read and comprehended the federal statute and the case law there under that would be clear .
fuck niggers and jews
koncerned : 
  i keep hearing white guys lecturing black guys about all that 's wrong with them .
i 'm no more responsible for black guys who screw up as you are for white guys who screw up .
for the most part , i 've been successful and responsible .
that 's all i can be held accountable for .
i wo n't stereotype you if you do n't stereotype me .
i still think the orange dude is a miserable excuse for a human being ; and though i expect him to be a disaster ( as he has been most of his life ) , i still hope and pray he is successful for the nation 's well being .
you messed with the 9 year olds , beat him bois
i made the mistake of checking your post history .
oh boy .
anyone that likes chicks with dicks , feel free to proceed .
do you ever get irritated that the people you voted for to represent you decide to represent illegal aliens over you
look at this virgin loser who still wears diapers night and day .
😂 💦 his tiny penis only serves to make piss in his diaper !
pathetic .
😂 i 'm exposing him for having a tiny dick .. rt and like this !
😈 💁 ‍ ♀ ️ if he needs a piss it 'll now be in his diaper .
😂 💁 ‍ ♀ ️ 👅 @abdl37862732 url
so far not impressed .
it is a political witch hunt and trump should absolutely pardon them , just like scooter libby .
unless mueller can prove trump authorized the hacking of hillary 's emails by the russians , he is going to look the fool .
and he wo n't prove it , i am 100 % certain there is nothing there .
all the leakers at the nsa and fbi would have found it by now .
if you disrespect the country you go to for a better life , you are a parasitical hypocrite .
" @splkesbuffys " " i thought i told u to sod off- " " " " spike ?
the lights behind you " " " " ... oh um ok , i 'll step back then .... i thought i told u to- " " "
nigga just do not wanna google jim jones hahaha let that corrolate with that kanye cult 😂 😂 🤣 🤣 🤣
news flash bacon is not kosher , jews and their muslims brothers do not eat pork .
# photography # plane flying over buildings by zong qin https://t.co/ghxgrtupih https://t.co/in81ermonn
i 'm so upset .
freelance journalists , writers you really need to escape the comfort zone of lazy writing .
that 's funny ... bcs alternative energy is the equivalent of feeding peanuts to an elephant .
alberta has 3 times the windmill capacity .
you can not claim hydro power as green energy in one sentence then claim that site c will be the destroyer of all things holy in the peace country , therefore i must fully dismiss your claim .
the schizophrenia of the enviro lobby that is so infuriatingly comical .
it is hard to have an intelligent conversation with a branch of society that ca n't even get their own stories straight .
no lie tho i 'm weak for a pretty bitch .
have me doing all type of shit that ai n't really me .
how many jews can you fit in a volkswagen ?
< number > < number > in front , < number > in back , and < number > in the ash tray .
< user > < user > etnic supremacism the nazis did not think they we are wrong blood and nation
there are quite a few holocaust jokes .
six million and counting .
the difference between hetero and homo couples part i
sounds like another " make america great again " fanatic .
the national health serivces of the uk making tax payers pay for insanity biological men who regard themselves as women are being invited for cervical smear tests – even though it is impossible for them to have a cervix – an official guidebook states
here in utah we have pioneer day on july 24th to celebrate when the mormon settlers arrived in the salt lake valley .
people like to put up american flags to celebrate as this is essentially a 2nd fourth of july here .
i read something this year for the first time pointing out that when the white settlers first got here ( putting aside native americans and all that ) , it was still mexico .
and that 's part of why they were coming here .
mormon pioneers fled the united states to seek refuge in parts of mexico .
how do we celebrate that ?
with american flags !
we 're not the brightest bunch sometimes .
with pride arriving in just a couple days here , let this be your reminder .
ace people are part of the lgbtq+ community .
url
< user > son of bitch
< user > i thought you were like a sophomore help
diesel sheen on the water in search area .... its most likely on the sea floor .
red lobster pisses me off during their commercials bc they splash the butter everywhere when they dunk the lobster .
dont waste that shit ! ! ! !
a husband is regarded as the head , not a boyfriend .
if you need ' support ' go and get a job , not a boyfriend !
" rt @drumnurse : " " that 's fucked up " " ~me trying to console someone&#128563 ; "
white , married , uncut respectful gentlemen here in california .
you have two major turn ones for me right away .
bbw and hispanic .
a perfect combination .
i have kik if you ever want to talk .
ethernet cables are clearly a subversion of logos .
you plug the cord into a port .
this is a very obvious jewish metaphor for homosexual sodomy .
seriously you fucking gamma cuck soy boy !
you 're so fucking low iq gamma .
just fucking kill yourself .
two of my friends have 4 parents , all gay .
it was surprising at first but they 're all great people .
they 're on good terms with the kids so my friends just have more adult guidance in their lives .
it was interesting to piece together when they talked about their families .
yea but that 's my whole point these girls are * normal * white chicks
i m , i hate black people and minorities
why do you guys want to genocide whites lol 😂
we 'll see if i ca n't sneak this past the robot censor by rewording it .
i do n't need to be ' defended ' against opposing viewpoints .
you do n't either , even if you think you do .
besides , suppressing them deprives me of the opportunity of ridiculing them as they in many cases so richly deserve .
to continue .
i agree nothing will get better as long as your panic makes you incapable of anything but trying to shout me down when i challenge your perceived ' magnanimity ' and ' superiority ' of white supremacist society .
makes us ' ungrateful ' , ' unpatriotic ' , etc .
government of , by , and for white folks , and you like that just fine .
i possibly might as well if the protections you take for granted were extended to me and mine .
you desperately cling to this fallacy to the point where you 'll deny the evidence of your own eyes .
there are several videos of white cops shooting black civilians in the back recorded in just the last two years .
you say nothing about them .
or jonathan ferrell .
again .
i come from the scriptural and historical belief that christ did found a church and that it was / is the catholic church .
i believe , as the church has always taught that it has the fullness of truth revealed by god- the church , the magesterium , nor the people within the church , do not make up the teaching- but the holy spirit has protected the church from error when teaching definitively on faith and morals .
human beings are fallible , including the pope , but the holy spirit is not .
the catholic church is not a man - made institution .
it is god 's .
it is not ours to mess with , but to preserve and follow .
because that 's what civilized countries do they do n't just take you out in the back and shoot you sorry even though this guys a jerk we still have to be civilized on our end .
but maybe not anymore trumpelthinskin   just named a religion ( muslim ) as a problem not particular people in the religion that 's exactly what adolf hitler did he blamed a whole religion ( jewish ) not just specific people in the religion especially when he says he is going to save christians .
that creates a religious war   i know it 's hard but try to read and comprehend history  
 hey it is the same thing
customer : i need a twin for & lt ; $ 80 me : cool , try these c : these are crappy m : here are some nicer ones c : i do n't wanna spend that much & # 128529;&#128529;&#128529 ;
free speech my ass it was terrorism and the incitement of violence say it name radicalwhiteterrorism
how is providing fairer access to each other 's markets selling off canada ?
< user > < user > < user > jam packed full of white faces
1 ) i am not a " yank . "
i am a citizen of the us , and a human being .
2 ) so what ?
killing jews was legal in germany in 1944 .
oppressing votes was legal in the 1950s south .
discriminating against people of color , and making them use separate restrooms was legal then , too .
does n't make it moral or right .
your attempt to belittle another human 's understanding of this by using dog whistle words like " politically - correct " is disgusting and reprehensible .
3 ) wrong .
4 ) wrong .
5 ) irrelevant what other " goals " the north had .
the main reason for this war was the fact that the secessionist did not want to give up their slaves , and were willing to dismantle a country over it , 

 6 ) the " main issue of the war " to lincoln was the preservation of a nation .
the secessionists ' insistence on keeping slavery , and their willingness to dissolve the union was the catalyst that caused him to have to act .
7 ) agreed that the murder of lincoln was tragic .
the rest of your diatribe was nonsense .
@amandafuriasse @atomiccabaret so seeing women on here , and seeing poc and woc and esp black and indigenous women celebrate milestones or support missing goals or failing forward , that all helps break through systems and reframe who academics are , who belongs in stem
and if they hate jews , are we supposed to believe they love christians ?
this is no surprise to anyone who is a christian , but this nonsense of calling evil good has to stop ... crazy days we live in .
isa 5:20    woe to those who call evil good and good evil , who put darkness for light and light for darkness , who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter !
stop sucking that fatass ' dick , you niggerloving kike
* as chroma frantically scrambles back to his thesaurus and dictionary * ...
u need to clean out ur insides kike
you ca nt blame jews for everything that where you wrong kiddo
much as i sympathize , welcome to the 21st century boys .
most of us would love to get our hands on mentoring and professional development to combat unemployment and under - employment .
most of us deal with companies severely undervaluing our skills and experience .
it 's every man for himself out here .
get used to it .
you do n't fuck with bestfriends that s just nasty & # 128128 ;
have the testosterone levels of those shit heads and tell me that they are really women .
" anti - semitism " is a word that has been bandied about for decades , perhaps a century and is understood to mean being bigoted against jewish people ( or in some cases a way to try to undermine legitimate criticism of the government of israel ) .
however , it literally means being bigoted against semites and the semites include a lot of israel 's muslim neighbours as well as jewish people .
why do people always say " if she not girl right i beat her up alr sia " you not fucking pussy you just beat up the person regardless of gender la cb kia
to identify the truly sick racists google : chief rabbi of israel says only purpose of goyim is to serve jews , life of goyim worth same as donkey .
netanyahu says this jerk is the greatest mind of this generation .
http://www.timesofisrael.com/5-of-ovadia-yosefs-most-controversial-quotations/ 

 , ./
this bitch is the single worst ambassador for trans folk i can possibly think of .
it seems like she 's a professional grievance - taker / hate crime huckster .
the religion of peace at it again , spreading pain and misery to all they can !
kill the jews
fuck iran .
their peadophile revolutionary pirate guard can all fucking die as far as i 'm concerned .. i 've never liked the israelis more .
hopefully the brits join in soon enough and deliver the guard to their virgins .
you know there a handful of white actresses that are in good standing with the hood reese witherspoon and julia stiles to name a a few
the best part is , there 's no way that there would be less oil produced in alaska in response .
that 's how economics works , right ?
hey , maybe we can make the royalties 100 % !
then we 'll really be cruising !
happy 19th fucking birthday to @_lennamcneely ! !
could nt have asked for a better friendship or memories with you , ca nt wait to celebrate tn ❤
hispanic guy , asian girl couple here .
give me the names of muslim majority countries where jews and christians are n't attacked and murdered and maybe i 'll start caring .
what about watersign faggots
this is something i 've never seen before :o crazy hot slut .
i m a mixed race black , white and native american person too .
i find myself jealous of beautiful mixed girls all the time , girl like zendaya colman or halsey .
what 's the difference between a jew and a jamaican ?
one likes the get baked , the other does n't .
gappy and yasuho said : trans rights are human rights
@jeremías s , this is what 's happening ;   you represent the mind set of all un - american conservative trump supporters .
stop dividing our great country with your conservative hate , bigotry and racism .
leave , go someplace else .
conservatives like you enjoy seeing black ' men murdered .
the officer murdered an unarmed man and got away with it .
pretty simple , not much to analyze .
just another day in kikey la la land
please do n't bore me with your psycho - terminology .
the fact is that there was a culture created whereby controlled environmental factors prepared boys to engage in sex acts with other men .
if that is child abuse , then a modern family today that raises a child in an environment that leads to their boys to engage in sex acts with other men is guilty of child abuse .
what the vast majority of families try to do is " pattern " their children for sex with the opposite sex , but they do n't realize that there are environmental factors that can prevent that patterning ( apologies if i misuse your term ) from being successful ( e.g. , absent fathers , overbearing moms , secular propaganda about homosexuality , sexualization of people in the media , etc ... )
do n't know about now .
not back then .
so some people came to work sick at a health club .
i live in the bay area and have no car and barely any money to my name .
i want to join the fight .
if anyone is going from around here or can get me there , please pm me .
< user > exactly right every time i hear these fools saying radical islam i want to scream no you imbecile it is islam period these are faithful muslims that are becoming terrorists damn the world better wake up fast
i guess kenyans do n't know that climate change is a chinese hoax .
i 'm glad the rest of the world has n't decayed into anti - science and anti - intellectualism , like america has .
america will destroy itself , and perhaps the world with its complete rejection of basic science .
a nation that rejects science , as well as basic human rights , do n't deserve to be a world leader and wo n't be for long .
take notice how the supporters and defenders of the white supremacists ( including trump ) are trying to make this about violence .
yes , the violence has to be dealt with , but the issue here , folks , is white nationalists and neo - nazis spewing their evil racist and anti - semitic hate .
there is no middle ground here .
there is no equivalency .
on one side you have people who want to purge america of jews , minorities , and immigrants , just as the nazis in germany attempted to do in their country .
on the other side you have people who are against that .
the fact that violence erupts does not in any way make the two sides somehow equivalent .
one is right and one is wrong .
by not condemning the wrong , you are supporting it , accepting it , enabling it ; it 's that simple .
which side are you on ?
which side is our president on ?
do you honestly think it even remotely possible to vaccinate everyone what about homeless people and illegal immigrants that are not on the books
practicing orthodox jews perhaps but it is common knowledge that hitlers great friend was a butt pirate also common knowledge that hitler had < number > jewish blood in his veins so your heros are faggots and jews
the subhuman savages have to be colonized
what would harry potter 's name be if he was german ?
harryan potter
william , you completely sidestep the issue .
if the conference allocates different resources based on the skin color of the membership it is wrong period .
this is happening on the west coast in several conferences where there are n't regional conferences .
until that is addressed the notion of reconciliation is simply lip service as far as i am concerned .
blessed are the peacemakers , for they will be called children of god .
-matthew 5.9 # truthfmdawnbreaktbt # ignitionnightroysambu
restrictions on basketball hoops in wickliffe , willowick parks curb complaints , but some players are n't happy - cleveland.com city puts out curfew of 5 pm , and puts steering wheel locks on city park basketball hoops to curb tnb .
male feminists white knights secretly think women are retarded so it makes sense to infantilize their choices
wow .
and thank you michael sean winters !
no harm , no foul .
10/10 bro as a bi dude i can say your look perfect and i 'm not saying this as a pickup line , you genuinely look good
great speech by a mature and experienced leader in hillary clinton .
sell guns to anybody but white men .
thanks
keeping up with the kardashians proves your life is already broken .
what 's worse than a holocaust that kills 6 million jews ?
a holocaust that kills 5 million jews .
behind it all ... 

 i was conflicted where to put the posting   i posted at https://www.ncronline.org/blogs/ncr-today/morning-briefing-1667 , as it seems perhaps appropriate here also
my aunty eva recently got chevrolet cruze diesel by working part time off of a home computer .
go here ....  
   http://ke3u.llik.info/
tired of all white skinny girls thinking they can be models because they are white and skinny
yeah those gov contractors responsible for resettling immigrants brought in by the gov and leftist un looks like you were not educated let ignore the agenda by msm leftists un and go attack christians right you are no different than any stupid leftist also slander is the tool of the loser
a priest and a rabbi are running out of a school on fire the priest says “ what about the children ” 
 the rabbi says “ fuck them ” 
 priest says “ will we have time ? ”
she is gay
@sruhle trump is trying to rule up the remaining racists in america who did n't vote in 2016 ! #
velshiruhle
at the end of the day hannah hurt all those kids who made her feel worthless .
i know i would have felt vindicated .
i guarantee the cognitive dissonance in that woman is eating her soul alive .
probably explains why she escalated to so much criminality over time .
< user > < user > also doug may be hating the fact that he ever made this tweet < happy > regrets clowns
my main mission in life is to systematically to dethrone the jews and send them all back to the bottomless pit they call hell
diversity is our greatest weakness
between elder harassment displaying zero sense of fear about an almighty creator god by some of today youth is plenty enough reasons to say lord come quickly
< user > < user > he ’ a < number > percenter far right nazi trumper
the deal was approved by 408 votes to 254 , with 33 abstentions - and seeing as how all the social democratic parties are split on the issue this is by no means a done deal .
with looming elections in the netherlands , where there will be a referendum on ceta plus a national election- and in france where le pen is against it - and in germany where most people are against , this controversial deal is not by any means passed .
none of this is addressed above .
yet another bogus article by the glob as a typical apologist for so - called ' free - trade ' for large banks and corporations and against the better interests of ordinary canadians . '
readers please go to sleep - everything is fine here - the country and bay street are looking after things - please go back to sleep ! '
< user > < user > nordic countries have disturbingly high levels of muslim immigration
i agree .
governor hammond 's " alaska inc. " concept of " clawing back " permanent fund dividends as taxes never was realized and now is dead .
as politically damaging as it was , the magnitude of what governor walker accomplished can not be ignored .
his veto action generated an actual nonexpenditure of somewhere between $ 640 and $ 700 million dollars which are in fact still " sitting in the bank " .
when speaking in billions that is the magnitude of actions required .
that money governor walker line item vetoed is still available for appropriation which certainly is not the equivalent to funds somehow claimed to exist because of vague promises not to spend .
apparently he is a slow learner .
the firswt time he was asked the questions he pointed to his jewish son - in - law and his daughter who converted to judaism and their " three beautiful " children .
the second time he said he was not anti - semetic or a racist .
i guess third time is a charm .
the man is an idiot .
ah , the socially regressive scheer , i assume ?
good luck with that .
he 's just not ready .
:o)
i tire with you all day same just blah blah blah kike you will see it a dream cheese puff boy go bed it a school night 😉
rhetorical question , we all know the answer
" your testimony is worthless . "
i would say that the legal system would disagree with you .
fair trial and all .
what 's the difference between santa and the jews ?
santa goes down the chimney .
just watched the pepsi commercial and i do n't get what the big deal is .
but why the fuck is it 2 mins and 40 secs long ?
that s a damn episode
popeyes on kedzie is the fucking worse , i hate they ass
a jew and a black are about to get shot , who dies first the jew had coins as body armor while the black dude had child support papers to protect himself
great video as a fellow trans woman in the uk and what annoys me is getting work i 'm a hairdresser 20 years experience and done loads of courses in my experience as soon as they know your trans they ok well lovely to see you and you get a rejection letter it really frustrating
north korea could be a much better place if they just had diversity we need to deliver them some syrian refugees african migrants immediately
normie 's , if girls can sense my personality , how come they do n't do the same before getting into an abusive relationship ?
remember if you have a single jew at your x mass party you have to provide an alternative to free ham or he will sue san bernardino shows that if you have a single moslem people eating free ham can cause jihad
if you disrespect the country you go to for a better life , you are a parasitical hypocrite .
new to this sub , my apologies if this is the wrong place to go .
fucking slant retard
why do black people envy jews ?
atleast jews have a one star rating .
which country has the most fertile fields in the world ?
germany because of advanced slash and burn techniques .
9/11 victims are great people even today they do n't mind having sex with anyone , and they keep it quiet so you can enjoy !
quite right .
as an example , she apparently is n't fond of kit carson , but many would disagree with her assessment .
most biographers have come away with a nuanced portrait and understanding of the man , but carman 's worldview allows for no such nuance .
drove over 300 miles in 2 days .
feel great about driving again ... then i hit a guy from the side .
badly .
he was fast + rightofway = write off
there 's good reason our forefathers hunted grizzlies and wolves to virtual extinction : they kill and do n't fear humans .
how about being entitled to a severance package if you and your job has been   transferred to an outsourcing company by your employer without consent ?
happy happy happy birthday beautiful @_mollyyys ! & #
128142; ✨ &#127882;&#127881;&#127873;&#127880 ; i hope it has been nothing but amazing ! & #
127874;&#127874;&#127847 ;
how do you say retard in ghetto speak
why ca n't jews go outside ?
their ashes will blow away in the wind .
so just one was white wow you 're a brilliant example of why most people believe most americans are idiots
you expect us to have faith in a collective solution when millions have been spent on dishonest messaging over the last couple election cycles ?
they spent a lot of money to give us one consistent message about rail .
the message has turned out to be untrue .
there is a real credibility problem here .
those with the credibility deficit need to step aside and make room for others that we can trust .
i would first slow hiss her onto a bed .
play with her tits .
then ram her pussy so i can cum in it
what the sisters taught you when you were an 8 year old the catholic church still teaches today .
you , however , obviously no longer accept this .
just as a matter of interest , how did it come about that you now reject this teaching ?
what influenced you to reject it ?
do n't answer if you do n't want to but as i have often stated before , i can not comprehend how someone can reject core , catholic doctrines ( original sin and the subsequent redemption ) and still claim to be a member of the church .
no one yet has ever given me an explanation which i have been able to understand .
if god sent his only son to his death merely to reform judaism , then it all went horribly wrong , judaism refused to be reformed .
this makes the institution of the church sound like plan b. 
 as i said feel under no obligation to reply .
< user > hey joo phebus you have still never explained your ties to jew lawyers and liberal actvists like diversity law group all you had to do is explain but you refuse but you demand others explain things to you you are such a textbook heeb operative just poorly trained
if being gay so trendy acceptable why do so many celebs and politicans have fake marriages
i hate answering the " where are you from " question .
i live in america , but i grew up in canada , and am of chinese descent .
so the conversation usually goes like this : : them : : where are you from ?
me : : ottawa , canada !
them : : oh sorry , i mean where are your parents from ?
me : : ottawa , canada !
them : : ... they usually drop it after that , but a few persist , and i usually find it personally more comforting just to lie and say that my ancestors lived in canada .
there 's a special place in purgatory for subs that think they deserve a domme and a vanilla partner ... in what fucking universe ... # findom
' mandalay bay staff interacted with las vegas shooter more than 10 times in days before oct. 1 ' 

 # falseflag
we got a race a babies that hate the ladies
having long ass eyelashes is a fucking curse i get at least one in my eye every damn day
talentless trash .
may a gang of pcp addled negroes assail her jewish slit with their giant penises .
🙏
> " when you 're called a nazi , a bigot , a racist , a sexist , a transphobe , and a misogynist for absolutely no reason , and that kind of dehumanization occurs for literally years , needless to say it 's probably not the safest scene out there for me right now . "
hot heaping christ you got ta be some kind of brainwashed to legitimately believe there 's no reasonwhy anyone would call colin moriarty a bigot .
of course russia , china and the us are constantly engaged in ' cyber - warfare ' ; hacking , disrupting , stealing valuable information , planting dis - information .
its nothing new .
but the us has to blame someone else for their failure to provide ; free and fair elections based on majority rule : .
their undemocratic ' electoral college ' system where the candidate with fewer votes still wins , 
 .
their fbi who discredited ms clinton by releasing that her emails were under investigation before the vote , even though they found   no wrongdoing 
 .
their systemic election fraud , voter suppression and now ' computer voting ' that would never pass an international audit .
something good ! :
at least this neo - mccarthyism will drive a wedge further   between trump and the republican party , and hasten his impeachment .
i love the brown girl
what 's the difference between dead babies , and jews ?
i do n't eat jews after they come out of the oven .
hollywood is the only place that can tell us how to stop sexually harassment whilst doing it themselves maybe it is because they are a bunch of kike zionists
there are constant protests in downtown toronto , and most of them are not mentioned by media here , why russia ?
as for alexei navalny , he is a russian right wing with views of anti jews and pro nazi .
he got sympathized here in media just because he is anti putin - let me tell you some truth .
aaaaarg !
you go looking for some hard news about the middle east , you click on a headline on the world news page , and what do you get ?
a useless opinion from mark ' mockingbird ' mckinnon .
globe , ca n't you please * report the news * ?
true north writes : 

 " as far as i can tell , the russian " influence " was letting the american people know the truth 
 about the democratic party , the clinton foundation and hillary clinton from their actual e - mail " 

 - 

 mr. north concedes that the russians did , in fact interfere with the us election .
thanks for your contribution to the discussion .
no idea where you 've worked .
i 've had female bosses but never the experiences you profess to have undergone .
take off your vc fedoras and think about what this really is .
it 's about the right that anyone has to not be harassed & amp ; threatened .
i hate ghetto names 😭
too bad the gop has over - corrected to the point of embracing misogyny in trumpism .
feminism , whether one subscribes to its beliefs or not , was always a creation of the political left , as are all movements for social equity .
you ca n't investigate unspecified sources .
the dossier contains no other kind of source .
@_burgesspt cause southern guys suck lol
i like my pizza the same way i like my jews .
< repeat > thin and crispy .
" @cahnemily @seanspicer @devinnunes " " two individuals who were properly cleared " " .
how do you know that does n't included nunes himself ? "
just as you can not treat a gentleman just like an redneck you can not treat an alpha male like a beta male
well quite frankly , i think she and most others deserve a second chance .
each life has value and people should not be discarded as soiled toilet paper without opportunity to reform .
the emotional reactions recited here against her show the minimal value and respect given to our fellow citizens .
what happened where did all the fuckin jokes go ?
you messed with the 9 year olds , beat him bois
spoken like a true " catalonian"--your " country " will never happen -- and if it does - it will become the " haiti " of europe
trying my hand at drawing squirrelgirl i know it not the current canonical design i did not draw her as a mongoloid 😁 the rest of her will be revealed when it done
they might have a credibility problem with this fake news announcement .
except with their fox audience of course .
re - read " trump administration goes on attack against leakers , journalists " from friday and read the quotes from justice department senior officials .
much of it directly contradicts their fox news statements .
which do you think is closer to the truth .
did nt cross my mind you most likely correct < number > as usually when its come to zhids and their behavior
no do nt kill yourself you are so spooky ahah
what 's the difference what 's the difference between jews and boy scouts ?
boy scouts return from camps .
sigh i remember when sanctuary used to mean a sacred space the commies pervert everything with their degeneracy they have already started calling invader mud females beauty queens soon they will call muzzie sex attack migrants chastity angels and pro jihad imams law and order advocates
shawn mendes legit afraid of wearing eye shadow in fear of being called gay like shawnmendesisoverparty
just saying if you use word kike now days you will be a junk nazi asshole lmfao your funny gay nazis whitesupreamist 😁 😂 😎 😍 😅
< user > < user > we are iraqi refugees we ask you to process our delayed files please standwithiraqirefugees
my grandfather ulumaheihei purdy who shoed mules for the sugar plantation on maui told me its your fault if you stand behind a mule again that has kicked you before .
how many more kicks are we going to take with this new oha chairperson before oha goes down ?
oh , cutie !
i am convinced that lost socks sneak out of the house to go and search for that one shoe sitting in the middle of the road
action idea , crazy i know but the more i think about it the more it makes sense : since it is an misnomer and oxymoron , we should start a campaign to rename the title male nurse to health facilitator hf for short .
i mean did i deny that people shit in the streets no i am just saying if you want to make that assumption based on my photo that you are severely retarded and unoriginal
all that i ask is that you do n't leave me alone in a fucked up world
taqiya belle will work to bring negroes and jews together to combat whitees   because whitees are culturally unaware and will form weird groups like kkk & nsdap
< user > happy hanukkah for all jews
fuck you jewish cunts and us lapdogs .
i just called her and told her next time to save it and come to me , from there we can go to my attorney and see if there is anything we can do to stir the pot .
what i really want to know is .. how 's this unfaithful piece of shit aids infested nigga still alive ! ?
i guess when you have enough money you can buy the cure . #
blackprivledge
what do you call a jew in a forest ?
easy choppable firewood
i know we bemoan change and all , but this is the first time since the last time i lived in portland that i 've been in a town where the restaurant scene is only getting better across price points .
as for the double mountain pizza , call me nuts , but i think it gives scholls a run for its money .
not as good , but certainly close , and i eagerly await finding out if it makes the jump from hood river without losing anything .
this will require some " hard work " testing this , of course .
no i mean like your people committing genocide in murdering 6 million jews and gypsies , dropping a - bombs on japanese civilians , napalming and dropping agent orange on vietnamese women and children , enslaving the african people , committing genocide against the first nations people and sexually abusing their children .
murdering muslim women and children .
invading and abusing every single non - caucasian people on earth .
littering the earth with your wasteful ways .
letting filthy dogs and cats sleep in your beds , eat at your dinner table , lick your lips and refusing to wash your hands when you go to the washroom .
btw there 's nothing " racist " about opposing a particular culture .
are you bothered by imams preaching anti - jewish bigotry in canada ?
probably not .
damn even when you roast yourself niggas still find ways to roast you 😭
sadly jews have concentrate their extermination of white people un this kind of countries cause they hate blond purity for them every white girls have to be gangbanged or raped or stupid enough to have brown subhuman sperm in their womb to make the white genocide by race mixing unstoppable
who else is gay caes i am well not gay but lesbian .
like your hair
as a rc , you must know how the evangelicals view ' us ' .
we have never been viewed as ' equals ' to the protestants & fundamentalists- ( that darn ' saint thing ' , ya know ) .
if its of any consequence , they do n't like romney & mormons either ( or buddhists , hindus , muslims , jews ... though they do love putting the jews on the chopping bloc to fulfill biblical ' prophesy ' ) .
with wackadoodle devos as seced and her embrace of seven mountains ' ideology ' / delusion , and pence as heir apparent for when trump is impeached or resigns ( well before any chance of 2nd term)- if you truly embrace your roman catholic faith , then you must be concerned ( i hope ) about their drive to promote their view of christianity , revisionist history ( see david barton ) and their constant erosion of separation of church & state .
in other words- whose version of christianity will be taught in schools ?
did god found ( or provide divine guidance ) to establish the united states ?
how do you pick up a jewish girl in germany with a dustpan
how many jews does it take to change a light bulb in a shower block none they are not falling for that one again
i see on abc news tonight   that a 31 - year   black man and former journalist in st louis has been arrested by the feds for eight ( 8)   threats against jewish community centers , jewish schools , a jewish museum and the anti - defamation league , in new york , michigan , dallas and san diego .
he , like a poster i 've seen here on cc , also had made multiple hate - filled statements on line about how terrible white people are .
it turns out that his motive was his white girlfriend breaking up with him a few months ago .
no doubt one of   hillary 's ' basket of deplorables " ?
i wish i ca nt get on twitter anymore they banned me for fighting with a muslim who threatened me potus he needs to end twitter
never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few . ”
― winston churchill 
 bob hope , about the bikini : " never had so little done so much for so many . ”
― bob hope
some might argue we already had a muslim leader just saying
" " " after all , tomorrow is another day!""_____scarlett o'hara * * * vivien leigh * * * * * * gone with the wind * * * 1939 "
wrong , learn what virus shedding is and next time you hear about an out break check the strain that was discovered .
4 of 5 cases are from lab strains , not wild strains .
what will make all this very interest is when these laboratory vaccine strains start to mutate .
will make rampant anti - biotic over - prescription look like a smart idea compared to rampant over - prescription of vaccinations .
what did the jew say to the other jew ?
jew : is something burning ?
for the next few days trump is europe ’s problem .
anyone want to place odds on which world leader he shoves out of the way first ?
< user > i hate you
< user > < user > < user > i see a white person using racism as a political weapon instead of a tool for learning and understanding only racists play that shit
i 'm 5 minutes in and i had to pause and take a break .
my insanity trigger is already on overload .
do n't know how g e can handle actually being there .
love how this " non violent " , god loving christian immediately threatens violence because he claims he was " touched " .
it 's also funny that none of them can answer a single question , and claim you are using " mind games " by simply using your mind .
oh well , breaks over .
back to the insanity .
damn , what a waste !
i fucking hate every stupid ass fucking shit fucking kill me i want dea th
what 's the difference between a jew and a piece of bread ?
the bread still works after it 's been through the toaster
he should step aside if guilty 

 not accused 

 that simple
watching crazy rich asians instead of raw mwah 💋
ira because i can not get behind christians killing christians without fellow white people involvement especially considering the ira never once said a bad word about infinite nigger migration and the rapes that came with it
history does not prove that .
but since you claimed it does , please present the facts that prove that .
how your kike d c op going today shmule
steve bannon is gay
< user > < user > < user > u talking about the white supremacists neonazi sympathizer called djt 🤔
ie : they will still feel this way in 5 years .
lollll .
< user > calling a thing a thing does not make it a thing it just makes you look retarded
i 'd overfill that pussy with cum until it was leaking out and spilling everyone on your blanket , then i 'd start stretching your ass until it was sore and loose from my cock .
fucking kike wannabe minority
yes , and so you 're also responsible or alaska being in a recession .
red tide indeed .
this is the faggot crying about being harassed by nazis unbelievable
hey yankees can you please stop to associate flamenco with arabs to associate rumba with black music to associate pre colombians with latinos to pretend that africa is in orient to pretend that you are pioneers when you are colons thanks
what flimsy inference ?
i ’ m all about empowering women 💪 🏼
tribal preservation has not been the reason for opposing homosexual conduct for a long , long time .
if it ever was .
the jews were not stupid ; they could see a universe filled with the relationship between a thing and its proper end , and could see that males , especially , were never intended by nature or the creator to be end to end .
when the ot and paul so fiercely condemned homosexual conduct , they were not moved primarily by tribal preservation .
that much is clear from the words of scripture itself .
naively , i signed up as a reseller for shopify .
i signed up a client , but alas after the sexual assault that client attempted while we attended a trade show the client refused to pay the bill , so i did not give any documentation over .
the client went over my head to shopify and they gave him the account i created and paid with my money ! ! !
that was ryan in their ' business deptartment ' 
 do i even need to start about adding an insult to an injury ?
they should be out of business .
we 're all self - destructive , we 're all fucking stupid sometimes , we all make massively awkward , irreversible mistakes .
wow , some of the feelings infertile females feel are extremely familiar to me .
what another popolo ?
let 's take a step back and see what 's going on here .
during the last week or so there were 2 popolo 's shooting up waikiki .
now we have another shooting up chinatown .
is it me or does it seem like some of the popolo nation is starting to unravel our paradise .
so if hpd shoots and kills a popolo who is guilty or not would there be a riot ?
i would think not cause us locals would not let the popolo nation commit stuff like that .
not on our island .
and i 'm not being racist .
# college is literally a communist brainwashing camp designed to destroy america and place people in debt .
you 're a moron if you go .
nope .
i have the old styled one .
here 's the new one .
http://www.gundigest.com/guns/handgun-reviews-articles/ruger-releases-sp101-327-federal-magnum
what did hitler like to do ?
give people showers .
equal opportunity employment laws require every employer to hire any relatively qualified applicant , or face potential litigation for discrimination ....
< user > what the actual fuck welp in australia if you are a refugee do such to your papers you will be detained interviewed most likely deported or kept locked up
< number > jews walk into a bar just kidding it was a gas chamber
# عمران_خان_سچا_عاشق_رسولﷺ " i understand the western mindset as i have spent a lot of time there .
they do not understand the love muslims feel for the prophet . "
said ik @insafianspower1   @mansoor91
one video they guy did as a joke .
he has come out time and again stating it was satire and he likes jews .
ezra is a jew and posted it on his website .
this has been dragged up time and again to claiming he and the proud boys are some kind of white supremacist group .
it 's b.s. 
 the proud boys are a group of guys that are sick of all the progressive crap that have been dumped on us by the likes of people like yourself .
do you know if that is the man they are referring to ?
it could be someone different .
and why the hell are you bringing race and gender into this ?
url - we - are / beliefs / pagan this sort of explains it .
in our congregation we have : atheists , agnostics , humanists , christians , pagans , native spiritualists , buddhists and some folks who just plain do n't know ... the most concise thing i can say is our motto : " we are the church of the open mind , the loving heart , the helping hands . "
we are a certified lgbtq welcoming congregation , and we believe " service is our prayer " .
so , no belief system is celebrated , nor is any denied .
it 's definitely not for everyone , but everyone is welcome to check it out .
may i suggest that the readership here not get lost in one victim 's individual horror when there are tens of thousands of victims left helpless and ignored .
just a suggestion .
hearing one of us does not equate to hearing all of us .
i see a little silhouetto of a man , 
 scaramouche , scaramouche , will you do the fandango ?
thunderbolt and lightning , 
 very , very frightening me .
( galileo ) galileo .
( galileo ) galileo , 
 galileo figaro 
 magnifico - o - o - o - o. 

 --queen , " bohemian rhapsody "
i just saw that 3 people requested that i update my amazon wish - list .
hm .
i usually only use it to track things i plan on buying eventually .
destroy all i would rather be controled by jew than arabs
there 's the post of the day , folks .
a dyke gone call me fake bitch you fake
men taking iron supplements should be warned that taking viagra also could cause them to spin round and point north .
y'all , i 'm trying not to chew this white woman out for her unnecessary passive - aggressiveness at work , but * exhales* ... the struggle is real i swear , ww love using passive - aggressiveness as a tool to feel superior when they think they 're in positions of power over black people
# breaking : confirmed ef1 short track tornado touched down near sharpsburg , ga in eastern coweta county yesterday .
the latest at 11
< number > < number > salute brother its the the truth and nothing but the truth enjoy and let it develop your brain and use it against your kike government
bored ?
suck some dick .
url
i 'm so sorry to hear this .
i was neighbors of the pines , out in the porter creek area and had been to the house quite a few times , helping gigi with the livestock and such .
i also wrestled with mike and pat while in elma high .
my condolences and best wishes go out to the pine family in this troubling time .
firefox would be a good alternative too if mozilla did not oust its founder and ceo who created javascript for donating < number > to uphold the gay marriage ban in california
0:54 that truck has a racist driver
trash and gay .
they 've already personally killed 6 gorillion nude faggots with cattle car rollercoasters into gas shower ovens .
" rt @midlifecrisis18 : her : * holding divorce papers * " " i fucking hate you " " me : * hands her a pepsi * her : * rips off her clothes * "
we are about to turn back the hands of time in this country due to your president elect .
he needs to be more controlled .
jew filth whore
you must have forgotten about january 20 , 2009 when the tea party went into overdrive .
getting better paying jobs for them kk original issue keep the ghetto down and they did not stand when trump talked about better schools shall i go on
👉 illegally in the country after 5 deportations 

 👉 7 time convicted felon 

 👉 possesses a stolen gun 

 👉 shoots into a crowd of people 

 👉 someone ( kate steinle ) dies 

 👉 not guilty probably released back onto streets of sanctuary sf 

 👉 lawless california illegals over citizens 

 👉 kick ca out of usa
boogeyman3 : ethnically cleansing white people ?
while i am a little worried about the effect of a peak into your world , i am very curious how you have arrived at this conclusion .
please provide more information .
victimhood alert .
it is n't britain 's or europe 's or usa 's fault 80 % of the world is the pits of hell .
99 % of all attacks on jews in europe   are   by muslims . .
bataclan had been under threats and attacked by violence for years from   muslims who hated the jewish owners of the club .
kosher stores across france are regularly   ransacked   by muslim gangs .
bars , cafes   and restaurants are openly ransacked and patrons attacked by muslin gangs for sell non halal foods and alcohol , muslims are the problems .
snuffy not sniffy .
fuck i look like putting pressure on a nigga 🥴 you either gone do right or ya aint ✋ 🏾
i ran out of characters for the great great great etc grandfather part of god being my dad .
we go way way way way way way back ; way back .
you know chris brown the shit when you see multiple dykes grinding and winding and screaming for him
+ ashley lawton if y' all do n't want immigrants let 's begin by stopping the flow of weapons into mexico .. you 're being lied to by your own people
gandhi , buddha , jesus , mohammed , einstein , dalai lama , trotsky , niemoller , mishima , de maupassant , zola , dreyfus , luther , zwingli , mandela , cabral , bonehill , barry horne , anyone fighting corrupt police in britain .
the shooter 's access to guns was already federally illegal but government bungled .
logic presents the following options : 
 fix the bungle or enact new laws or do both or do neither .
my first choice would be fix the bungle .
is it just me or is the world going to hell in a hand basket canada is truly in the shit trudeau is letting refugees in all over the place attacks by refugees are happening in canada and msm not covering it
ugly bitch
all in a days coping with being a worthless piece of human trash .
why do jewish women only ride circumcised dicks ?
they wo n't touch anything less than 50 % off
yeah if you do not support my corrupt multiculti globo homo military run by a corrupt government controlled by jews then you have no balls brilliant
its spooky season this year ill dress as a slut so i do nt have to buy a costume 🥰
sadly , most men are way , way to stupid to think beyond there ego .
so they double down , double down some more and then lie ... including to themselves .
this article has the exact same problem of focus that most others have .
the perspective remains around the individual , and their rights versus their responsibility .
the same approach is used in the discussions about air quality .
we need not pursue " gun control " at an individual level at all .
we do not have to allow businesses , or corporations to sell items that are deemed dangerous to the public , like lawn darts , or predator drones .
there is no viable logic to owning an ar-15 with a 30 round clip in order to defend yourself from a tyrannical government that has predator drones , and pinpoint satellite technology , so there 's that .
any other threat to the state is supposed to be protected by a " well regulated national guard " , or militia if you will .
every time i read the second amendment the words " well regulated " are always there .
plenty of gay men that would stomp this bitch into a new dimension .
weak as piss mouthy cunt .
guy should have got put the car and fixed this guys issue 👊
why jews are profiting from the us importing moslem refugees
bored ?
suck some dick .
url
@john_grounds @laughingdevil1 @labouragainstas @uklabour @jeremycorbyn @afzal4gorton would that be the land stolen from judeans centuries ago ?
after years of persecution the jews have finally gone home .
shame on themuslims , the far right & the far left who seek to demonise jewish people .
just like hitler 's ss rounding up the jews , gypsies , homosexuals , clergy etc .
agent orange is laying the base for a police state .
impeach this unfit and deluded idiot , please !
anti fa queers are planning to disrupt the march 4 trump rallies they will cause violence and try to portray us as the aggressors what did i just say about the american spring yesterday i said they love starting wars around the spring equinox will this be our lexington and concord we will see
when a woman removes polish with chemicals when a woman removes polish with chemicals nobody bats and eye , 

 but when hitler removes polish with chemicals , suddenly it 's a big deal .
if you hollyweirdos got raped and kept quiet about it for the sake of your career you let someone have sex with you for money round here we have a word for that
ca n't not figure how out to shower on turn on 
 shower not working help
i 'd rather hear positive things about trump from supposed republicans than gibberish about tomatoes !
saudi was invented by the british .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > no one leaves home unless home is the mouth of a shark for a long time iraqi asylum seekers and refugees have tried by their hashtag stand with iraqi refugees to tell the world why were they fled iraq live unbearable wait to reach resettlement countries
i just hope that obama will not be ghetto like bill clinton was doing the george w bush transition by trashing the white house
there is no place for a bunch of ku - ku - klowns in canada .
in the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century an english three canadians was a member of the white supremacist organization anglo - saxon , wasp equivalent to the united states ( " white anglo - saxon protestants " ) .
four members have been prime ministers of canada , 
 sir john a. macdonald ( father of « canadian federation » of 1867 
 but not « father of canada » which is sir samuel de champlain in 1608 ) , 
 sir john abbott , 
 sir mackenzie bowell ( a past « grand master » ( ? ) ) ,
and john diefenbaker .
in 1927 the “ orange ” movement gave birth to a more intolerant and racist group , the canadian ku klux klan , which had its deepest roots in small towns in saskatchewan because of the " yellow peril " , but also because of the blacks ... jews ... catholics ... 
 ( the “ ku ku nest ” in the province campaigned against= teaching french + wearing the religious habit + the presence of crucifixes in schools . )
# hatespeech # homophobia far - right vice president of town council of vercelli posts incitement to murder against # lgbt on facebook url
" i hate getting " " nice " " presents that i know i 'm never going to use or that just are n't my thing it makes me feel so bad "
lets talk about the good things we have going on just for once as an experiment 
 its also new for me to try this but ill try to start : 

 - decent jaw 
 - average intelligence 
 - nice beard when a stub not sure how you call it 
 - physically healthy 
 - good frame even skinny clothes look good on me
right , pray to an admitted mass murdering genocidal terrorist and war criminal to stop the killing .
frankly your god likes death and destruction .
why do jews stink ?
because they 're afraid to go into the shower .
@sunmi_union holland is a gay artist in korea and ca nt promote and people are acting like we are being terrible for us wanting an explanation .
people need to look at the bigger picture , we do nt care if she is gay or not , we want her to be safe regardless
idk we need our own internet and need to trash this whole system if gab is the zenith then the whole thing is still kike bullshit < user > ‍
post about anti - rape campus program in 2x chromosomes has upvoted comments that women should be cautious and downvoted comments that we should teach men not to rape
religion is the cancer of the world , and islam is the aggressive ass cancer of the world .
it is n't .
being eastern european in heritage and upbringing i greet my close friends with a cheek kiss .
gamergate is an intimidation mob .
speak up ?
get threats & amp ; dog - piled .
speak about the threats ?
get mocked & amp ; dog - piled .
read it randomly while scrolling down my feed and it made me so happppyyy !
❤ ️ may allah bless you iqra !
more power to you .
mash'allah
i am proud to be a human , because of these peoples only , i love to meet them
why is it that so many of the people who are upset about trump ban on middle eastern refugees were completely silent when obama was droning the shit out of them causing them to become refugees in the first place
what are the nfl players protesting ?
protesting what ?
what did pence do protest the protesters ?
this is the one way street the left has had control of for years , with zip , zero , push back looks like .
and now there is push back and the left does n't know what to do , or how to debate .
who are the players negatively effecting the most ?
the cause , what ever that is , or their employer , the league and each team .
and is n't is interesting that colin kaepernick came out and said " he would stand " for the anthem , if a team called him .
so again what 's the protest ?
in kaepernick own words , " he could n't stand for a flag or an anthem , when young men are dying in the streets . "
so the protest is and has been directed at the flag and anthem as a means of disrespect .
this disrespect is in the same vane as obama apologizing for we the people , men , women , and childern , white , black , brown , red , and any other color , democrat , republican , independent , or other .
what have we done that needs apologizing for .
what 's the hardest song for a jew to play on guitar hero ?
through the fire and flames .
i know tons of ugly people who get laid .
the difference is they are n't horrible misogynist human beings .
# wrestlemania thank you roman .
thank you roman , thank you roman ! ! .
what a fucking shambles the taker was
all in a days coping with being a worthless piece of human trash .
take away the billions of subsidies given to oil and gas industry and see how it goes .
point is that , yes , rebates for electric cars are subsidies .
but the oil and gas industry ( just like mining industry ) gets tons of taxpayer subsidies too .
@petebyron1 @realdonaldtrump when is the blood lust of vengeance going to leave ?
millions is n't good enough ?
you want all 1.3 billion millions blown up ?
it 's been two decades since 9/11 !
stop it !
religion litterly wants to murder the world and everyone in it so jesus/ god will make them his special creations
you a member of al qaeda by any chance ?
me and karima are checking out this cute boy at this gaming cafe omg .
i suddenly love men ! ! ! *
deletes all tweets about how i hate men *
destroy all i would rather be controled by jew than arabs
domestic terrorists need to go
so you nazi faggots muslims vs israel the west good luck with that
the war is set they will never stop asians blax la raza arabs jews all have their own countries whites do not
keep slayin ladies ! !
you speak for all of us who want a voice .
any of us who want the world we deserve .
thes women are our sisters .
stand with them
kill a nigga for these jews 💎 , its da holocaust
muh holocaust < number > billion
< user > these hoes are strippers i ’ m done arguing with fleas lmao
lose my blood echoes every fucking five minutes ca n't be assed with that
the only negro i d shed a tear for
lovely , we escaped twitter to be rid of lib 's & they escaped twitter to follow us here !
sparky , did you not realize this is a tax bill , not another veiled aca repeal ?
this looks like an arab slave market with newly abductded european women for sale
i thank god people are waking up to the corrupt regime in america aka the jews iron grip on american government and the zionists baby killers controlling america from israel .. american people need to wake up !
your soldiers are dying because israel ca n't stand people saying what they are doing in palestine is genocide and against the law of human rights .. zionists pigs only want power over every nation through their crooked ways
how to tell if a game engineering job in santa ana ca it a literal white supremacist nazi
yeah you can count on it , there will be lot of people on the streets that day protesting against this jew government what we have here .
if the demands of ndifuna ukwazi do n't make sense , it 's because they do n't make sense .
this organization is an anc front , serving a dual agenda : - 1 ) embarrass the da administration of the w. cape ( which is open to embarrassment because of its socialist agenda + futile efforts to persuade black voters in the province ) and 2 ) appease the muslims in cape town by frustrating the efforts of a jewish educational institution willing to pay top dollar for a property in sea point to operate as a school and cultural centre .
whatever efforts the city makes towards affordable housing will never satisfy the agenda of the venomous ndifuna ukwazi .
best treat them as the facists that they are .
rt @littlemissariee : after bitches get da dick they be dickmatized !
i have a lifetime of wonderful memories of the spit , from the early 70 's to my mom 's birthday there in july .
well at least the mudslimes occasionally get it right now if they could just ramp it up by about < number > million
prove it faggot
i think people should be complaining to   the european journal of preventive cardiology rather than besmirch the g&m for publishing this ' click bait ' .
many people have wasted years of their lives being stoned   but were able to get themselves together , and no longer smoke the stuff , either because of circumstances or just plain old maturity .
now potheads are demanding their right to be a short walk away from   easily available pot , coming up with the most ridiculous reasons to ignore the warnings from health professionals and others who realize the negative effect this will have on society .
i have never read a single word about the position this puts people in who wasted years of their lives being stoned and were able to get over it with a lot of   psychological pain , will power and   maturity .
now it 's going to be all around them , as easily accessible as buying a cup of coffee .
the canadian government is literally ruining the lives of ' recovered people ' .
every gook in # losangeles should be deported or killed .
what were stan lee 's last words ?
mr. stark , i do n't feel so good
isreal should go fuck themselves up the ass
" women do n't care if you 're a virgin "
frosted flake filled lasagna with garlic bread and wd40 soaked rice cakes
awesome commentary mr. life .
i live out of state now but drive through the neighborhood at least twice a year and it has been sad to see a lovely neighborhood degraded by what appears to be an investment group that cares little for the people who lived there before they came along .
archie buck .
nampa idaho
not here , its in mccullogh 's book , christianity , the first 3000 years .
he covers its evolution all over the world .
it is an interesting book , especially the part about some of the khans being christian - and not converts when they were in the west .
one of you goys needs to make a first goy shooter like black ops zombies but instead of brother zombies make kike zombies for ps4 i would pay < number > dollars for that
breaking news kike sheriff pursued into mountains by nra forces lamborgini with broward county police insignia found in forest culvert
hawaii invites refugees to their island and the volcanos said fuck no lmao
the biggest joke here is that dawkins still has a job .
he slandered a team , school , and an entire town with absolutely no evidence , yet gets off scot free .
what kind of example does that set ?
that its ok to throw out accusations and hope they stick ?
if not , oh well , try again next time ?
she done stepped off the bench and coach ai n't put her in the game now it 's a foul too many players on the court
tfw when too dumb to even have a chance at providing betabux
you mean the the phone occupation ?
how is 18 years " temporary " .
israel 's official reason was to curb the plo yet it continued into beirut and laid siege .
it basically went from " let 's protect our borders " to " might as well keep these lands " .
no it is not sad .
most regions of the world , especially europe have vehicles from multiple suppliers .
its a great way to get them to set up shop here and create new jobs .
the two other manufactures listed above make quality products and one already has a contract for ottawa .
the deal should have been a 70/30 split between bombardier and someone else .
that way we would have coverage if one supplier caused us greif
religion is the cancer of the world , and islam is the aggressive ass cancer of the world .
how did hiv spread to the mormon missionary ?
he met one of his wives on a mission trip in uganda .
what did he do once he found out ?
& gt;!told the ugandan orphanage to have its kids tested!&lt ;
1:56 they do nt exactly ride bikes because they are " environmentally conscious " .
cycling ( as we say ) is rather simply a tradition in the southern half of scandinavia , including the stockholm area .
1 .
it would n't surprise me , as some sects uphold different rituals than others .
that is n't my experience , but i have n't done enough research on that topic to answer it completely .
2 .
i can only speak for myself , but being raised christian , i fully respect other religions .
my personal beliefs are that there are multiple routes to the same destination .
as for the wider community , i saw a lot of tolerance , but i also saw a lot of intolerance .
i think overall , jews just keep their opinions to themselves , especially the from birthers .
look what they would get a nationally disgraced laughing stock who worked at a senior level she would fit right in with a liberal police department driving a black white around in the ghetto as a beat cop not lol
this is excellent is summing up one of the big problems sanders supporters have with the dnc : 

 http://www.cnn.com/2016/05/19/opinions/mr-president-fire-wasserman-schultz-jonathan-tasini/index.html
please find that piece and share it with us .
i 'd love to see their writhing and twisting to rationalize one thing and then its exact opposite .
that 's why the nfl and pro sports in general , is calling trump out .
fuck anglos
@asainspades @urocklive1 that 's what i 've been thinking !
tell immigrants to go home , tell americans to leave home ... myopic morons ..
just call the jews what they really are god suplanters
until you are arrested by one group of vile creatures british police and thrown in prison where you are then raped by the other group of vile creatures
why do normal civilized countries want to become retarded islamic nations
god loves y' all too forever tell everyone you know and do n't know .
jesus loves y' all too forever .
teach everyone how to see and enjoy their blessings too forever
yup , agree .
some liberals take gender roles as offensive but honestly , it just makes everything easier lol .
and of course not all conservative and religious women are happy , so why would someone get mad at an article ? ?
there 's always gon na be a percentage that 's not .
and conservatives do n't just think " oh everything 's fine as it is " , we always want to improve our lives but ( generally ) just do n't complain or bring oneself down about it quite as much because that 's never going to help one 's happiness .
hmmm ...... i am thinking , oddly enough , " i wonder what ' odd 's ' means ? "
all christians , jews and other religious denominations are angered and will retaliate every time another muslim demand is made and honoured .
this is beyond ridiculous that muslims are allowed to force their religion down our throats .
this is a very serious situation and there will be more violent attacks when our government refuses to curb this activity .
muslims can take time from their days at school to pray , yet our lord 's prayer has been dismissed as being controversial .
yes , this is going to get very ugly and could easily turn into civil war .
that comment is not outrageous .
muslims have come from that very climate and they did n't leave that on the shores behind them .
this is just the beginning of a rally .
what nation has a jew started what nation hate to burst your yid cum bubble israel was annexed from a native population of semites under brittish rule and granted to another group of sand niggers so i ask again name < number > fucking nation kikes made again i will wait
zionists always paedophile satanists
< user > these hoes ain t shit bro u cute as hell
< user > she s a bum n a world renown racist she s on par with farankhan n rev jeremiah wright michelle had non stop criticism for cops white christian repubs jews israel our military i support israel < percent > they r our allies in the middle east m obama soiled white house w her rhetoric
cultural competence says jesus would have told them to ' go and sin no more ' .
homosexuality was never accepted in jewish or christian teaching .
it still is n't .
neither was men or women wearing the other sexes ' clothing .
the church is warned about ' wolves that come dressed as sheep ' , a falling away in the last day , and people with ' itching ears ' .
i am sure that once again i will be ' stoned ' for my thoughts .
but the liberals love to kill the messenger , because they hate the message .
police officers was quick to find a nfl jersey but we still do n't know who killed biggie & amp ; tupac&#129335;&#127998;‍ ♂ ️
i get why people bitch about " work not being done on the wall " , but it is actually pretty remarkable by government standards to release multiple solicitations and review proposals for a multi - billion dollar program in 5 months .
fellow nigerians do bear in mind that in the future your children may not appreciate the fact that you brought them into a life in this country , considering how retarded we currently are as a country .
sadly some might even hate you for it please keep it in mind , it will guide you
please wipe the spittle off your lower lip
sounds like a great way to get murdered by some self loathing homophobes .
what was the only pedal in hitler 's car ?
the gas pedal
you 're only seeing now that liberal arts and social sciences courses are an excuse to denigrate the incredible civilization constructed chiefly by white males of european descent ?
you 've not been paying attention for quite some time now .
it 's pretty incredible to hear the stock phrases that come out of the mouths of any members of my extended family that are currently in university or college .
mexicans are risking their lives to get these concentration camps .
it 's the promised land
you ought to go into trump 's diplomatic corps dale .
calling hillary 's supporters " sycophants " and then saying we should all join together in fellowship .
and we ai n't seen nothing yet .
keep drinking the kool - aid dale , you 're going to need it before this guy is done .
nothing like seeing yourself on a podcast 's website making the fucking weirdest face ever
miley the ghetto what is this
< user > < user > lmfao girl its just ghetto and its always alot going on
i raped the jews because it gassed my dog .
look it up .
one way to proceed is by starting with 2 formal corrections by cardinals - one private , one public - and then the invocation of a perfect council ( w/ papal approval ) or an imperfect council ( w / out papal approval ) which then decides if the pope committed a public heresy .
if so , there is a choice between the jesuit option and the benedictine option as to how to warn the faithful to beware of the heretic and the heresy .
because of the many heresies being promoted by this pope and his minions , i think the best way may be the posthumous process by which the next pope basically turns francis into the papacy that never was for a variety of reasons including but not limited to any combination of the possible coercion of benedict 's resignation , the lobbying of the st. gallen mafia in the election of francis , top 10 heresies , pertinacity , etc .
benedict also expanded the papal ministry to include an active and contemplative member .
i think he opened the door to the unknown .
< user > < user > the nazis made the prisoners in the death camps sing it every morning
yeah , lack of " motivational skill " caused 5 turnovers last night and stocked the team with less talent at quarterback than the jacksonville jaguars ... you 're wrong , and it 's a pleasure being the one to tell you .
fuck the < number > immigrants the government lost i only care about < number > immigrant the government lost where is she
i need a thread of gay bi sff authors gay bi men including trans men thanks who write sci fi and fantasy my list of known authors in that vein is very short i know dozens of queer women authors that i love i am just have a hard time finding my people
do n't leave ur house alone u jewish christian homosexual boy lover ur dead man walking slut
i am proud to be a human , because of these peoples only , i love to meet them
that 's a lie .
i saw an entire teams standing together
ireland joins international task force on holocaust education , remembrance and research ireland has been accepted as a member country of the international task force on holocaust education , remembrance and research ( itf ) .
ben platt and david corenswet called me their bitch
much like anne frank , holocaust jokes never get old .
what 's the hardest thing about rollerblading ?
telling your parents that you 're gay .
i ' m thinking about reading anne frank 's diary how much would it holo - cost ?
we seem to have a civil war on our hands
@fabbgrat the gays are back at this pokemon shite again 😭
do n't deflect now .
brothas need to quit trying to date these sunburned queens then coming to the rest of the fellas crying racism .
​ dear black fellas , ​ * * start expecting this behavior . * *
< user > let us some queer person goes on publicly to say that all straight people should be killed would it be ok because reverse homophobia does not exist 🙄
fake " feminist " dems ignore fascist leftists ' violence against women
her inability to become pregnant has made her a very bitter person .
at one point you should just learn to be happy with what you have .
life goes on .
aussies are gon na get a first hand lesson in hunger soon real hunger it fucking sickening what happened here and still the goyim cheer for sodomites streetshitters and muzzie pigs i hate to say it bit if shit does not change soon they deserve what coming
the author wonders how the " first - century man jesus " can know something .
just wow .
and she claims that looking at the pictures in playboy wo n't send one to hell ... did she read the rest of the passage where it said it 's better to enter life with one eye than one 's whole body in gehenna ?
you mistake this ' voice ' as a random act of civic engagement by a ' statesman ' when it 's actually part and parcel of an organized strategy by a few select business interests .
rasmuson repeats the same tired talking points created in those secret , closed - door meetings in the backrooms of the gov 's office last year .
participants included gci 's ron duncan , afl - cio beltrami , northrim bank officials , dispatch 's owner , native corps leaders , former ag richards and his special asst ag emma , and a host of other self - interested individuals whose priority it was to minimize their liabilities when their ' fiscal plan ' was rolled out .
this ' fiscal plan ' benefits a select few individuals who heavily depend on state and federal public dollars to continue to personally make more millions at the expense of the small businesses and alaskans .
shame on all of them , especially walker , who has picked the pockets of every alaskan man , woman and child to satisfy their avarice and uncontrollable greed .
oh shit this means the weirdo will have more time on his hands to write another book well at least his retarded fans the idiots who bought his first book will be happy
on a related humorous issue , i just read   a s**t you not article , about if you are going to make a really big stink in a toilet on an airplane you can avoid embarrassment by asking the flight attendant for used coffee grounds to take in with you to absorb the odor .
who writes this ridiculous stuff ?
surely you will save your dignity by asking them for this while they are snickering outside the door waiting for " da bomb " .
the article went on to say that a smell emanating from a toilet on a spicejet flight was so bad it traveled all the way to the cockpit and resulted in an emergency landing , ew , please deploy the oxygen masks ! !
so what 's your point ?
that they 're somehow worse than people yelling " kill the jews " ?
or that they have less right to express their version of hatred then you and   your chump ?
come on , put on your thinking cap and tell us .
ohhh ... that pointy cap of yours is choking the blood circulation to your head ?
well , at least these dumb negroes got the fact that jews are evil right ; though i suspect whitey and the jews are one in the same to their primitive minds ...
do you know what is the worst part about the holocaust ?
that it ended
yeah , that comment is still relevant .
/r / movies and movie industry in general are not female friendly .
such an ugly cunt
they probably did not like an expletive " a bunch of xx " in your post .
those two states are jordan - the palestinian arab state and israel - palestinian jewish state .
that leaves no room for the second state of palestinian arabs , currently in the making .
us legislators and especially european legislators do not need to tolerate palestinian arabs taking them for idiots and insisting that there was no king solomon temple in jerusalem and similar islamic propaganda nonsense .
niggers are crazy
on the coast , you 've also got to catch the last leg from seattle to bellingham - absolutely beautiful , with the tracks going along the edge of the sound .
stops in fairhaven , where the ak state ferry docks .
oopsies bernie sanders said that illegal immigrants taking our jobs 👀 👀 👀
@ayash910 @sarthakasingh @welfaremind @rajeev1das @sajjadkargili @icashmir as if muslim do n't lynch hindus and stop stealing their cattle , they are village economy .
do you know what the best predictor of someone 's religion is ?
it 's the religion of their parents .
your god is saying " you picked the wrong parents , so it 's off to hell for you . "
your god is condemning people for what they are , not for anything they have done .
i would reject your god , as would anyone with even a rudimentary sense of justice .
your god is a bigot .
he sends jews to hell for being jews .
how does this differ from the nazis sending jews to buchenwald for being jews ?
incidentally , congratulations on having reinvented double predestination while simultaneously denying free will .
i 'm an atheist , you brainwashed identity politics playing faggot .
go kill babies , shit head .
dio made friends with arabs , africans , americans , asians , indians and various other nationalities , jonathan , the racist bigot never had a friend outside of europe , 100 % disgusting !
ramazan has always proved a blessing for pakistan .
27th ramazan when pakistan came into existence 😍 😍 🇵 🇰 🇵 🇰 💚 💚 # تحفہ_رمضان_پیارا_پاکستان
@elusivebeatdown kankri worships at the alter of his brother 's sweet pussy , working his lips against karkat 's dark dusky insides in a prayer more devout than than any he 's ever said in church .
wow , hanoi jane is still alive ?
unlike the rest of the long list of tedious hollywood leftie celebidiots climate blame industry shills with carbon footprints the size of godzilla , fonda has the additional cache of being a kommie apologist traitor .
btw jane , barbarella still represents the peak of your career ....
i use the term ' queer community ' ( because i identify as queer myself ) because i haaaate the acronym .
and even though gay can be used as an umbrella term , i do n't want to risk misunderstandings .
however , i 've never heard of gsrm before and i * * love * * that !
thank you so much for mentioning it and introducing it to me !
i 'm definitely going to start using that ( probably in addition to ' queer community ' ) .
it 's 2 in the fucking morning and there is a helicopter circling my neighborhood ... i just wanna sleep ...
1740 incels and noncels 
 holy shit that 's got ta be a new record 

 where the fuck did we get linked this time 

 anyway , you know what to do /u / azavii
i guess all the awards he has been given over the years by civil rights organizations , jessie jackson , al sharpton , the naalcp , etc .
mean nothing .
yes bpd borderline personality disorder mothers destroy their sons paul is very much a leftist he does not accept the different roles of men and women and there it is a white man dares to argue with a white woman and she ready to be bred by blacks and arabs fantastic
praise allah death to israel infidels 😎 😎
for emts , # helping others does n't end when the shift does .
https://t.co/vqnitoesk7 https://t.co/80xmowklyb
what do homeless camps have to do with this ?
.
the sack of garbage trump goes ahead and totally repudiates his forced apology .
he has shown who he is .
he is a racist 
 and he is an anti - semite - even if his daughter converted to judaism 

 his daughter put on a big charade the sat night before the election with her visit ( all frummed - up with a hat ) to the lubavitcher rebbe 's grave .
the lubavitcher rebbe was one of the few in his extended family to survive hitler .
jared kushner has played the " my grandparents were survivors " long enough 
 his fatehr - in - law defends nazis .
his father - in - law condones torchlight marches with grown men shouting " jews can not replace us " 
 his father - in - law is a racist - started out as a racist landlord then graduated to racist noisemaker 
 his fatehr - in - law is either an anti - semite , or he just loves and defends them because they love and defend him 

 the " cutesy " couple of wealthy jews have to either take a stand or get the hell out of public view
oh sh kitty show me your muslim rage pleezz
url - we - are / beliefs / pagan this sort of explains it .
in our congregation we have : atheists , agnostics , humanists , christians , pagans , native spiritualists , buddhists and some folks who just plain do n't know ... the most concise thing i can say is our motto : " we are the church of the open mind , the loving heart , the helping hands . "
we are a certified lgbtq welcoming congregation , and we believe " service is our prayer " .
so , no belief system is celebrated , nor is any denied .
it 's definitely not for everyone , but everyone is welcome to check it out .
golly gee ... that 's real profound .
nothing like a informed and articulate patriot .
everybody posting tiger idc of the nigga cured sickle cell with one hand tied behind his back wearing a blindfold fuck tiger
look at this virgin loser who still wears diapers night and day .
😂 💦 his tiny penis only serves to make piss in his diaper !
pathetic .
😂 i 'm exposing him for having a tiny dick .. rt and like this !
😈 💁 ‍ ♀ ️ if he needs a piss it 'll now be in his diaper .
😂 💁 ‍ ♀ ️ 👅 @abdl37862732 url
some nutjob is setting those california fires on purpose .
< user > i am a brit if you are talking about florida looks like he was a muzzie despite the wetback name
what do lactose intolerant people and jews have in common ?
they both have the tendency of getting gassed .
my daughter is ftm and i 'm in a support group for parents .
all the trans kids have been diagnosed with something .
most common is bipolar and bpd .
i was there hoping to slap taylor on the rear as she entered the courtroom , but could n't get close enough .
you ca n't change yesterday and tomorrow has n't happened .
so do n't let worry ruin today tune in # gospelruka # saturdayjamshow
i just tried jewish food and it was fucking gross !
i 'm still trying to wash the taste of ash out of my mouth and now i have some killer gas .
liberalism is all about creating division .
@pettymuse @penabdull do what pleases you , allow mallaman musulinci to preach islam to those who believe in it and want to adhere to it .
# yesallwomen are going to shout over wastes of carbon material like @ricanroll until they are heard .
you are a drop in the ocean , pal .
ldar update : i ca n't even drink anymore 
 that 's really not a good thing .
imagine believing in white privilege as whites are ethnically cleansed in their own countries imagine not knowing why whites must learn to fly not be weighed down by the shitskin undertow by guilt by lies trust in your whiteness
his ' conservatism is defined by the most effective method in juggling shekels , slow and steady progressive cultural marxism rather than the rapid acceleration of weimar germany .
and of course , a devout zealout in espousing anti - white " do n't be angry with your erasure from this earth white man , we 're all the human race " .
controlled opposition , or perhaps vintage jewish parasitim and corruption of the goyim .
ca n't forget the hypocrisy either .
israel is our greatest ally of course .
i 'm ben shapiro , and i support the jewish blood and soil # ethnostate of israel .
it 's getting boring these days .
you rats do n't even bother trying to disguise yourselves .
ben shapiro is a walking talking stereotypical jew , so over the top you might think he 's a satirical comedy act .
the founders and puppeteers of antifa are jewish , along with much of the leaders at the actual protests .
even the author of this article is jewish .
elliot sterling kaufman ?
really ?
oy fucking vey 
 can we gas the kikes already ?
stop paying kike license
yeah my trust all fucked up !
y'all lie for no reason & # 129318;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
bloodthirsty kike is bloodthirsty
why do jews stink ?
cause they ’re not falling for the shower one again .
< user > naseeruddinshah is right and should preach this to rohingya muslims who desperately seeking shelter in intolerant india
" what y all gon ' hear today ... is the mother of all anti semitic hate raps .... this is revenge for all the dead children that fell victim from way back .. this here is for every single arab .. shit , even the christians gon ' feel like they 're getting their payback once i rape your mother in the ass with no protection , bare back , wearing a mel gibson face mask ...   bruh .. one of the best opening verses of all time .
period .
i 'm a straight christian man my nephew is bi and because of him i became more open minded or the lgbtq community i only got one thing to say stay strong
it is not possible for these meters to show what you fear .
they measure amount of electricity delivered to the meter .
there is no way to tell what you use it for unless you rewire your house and no one is doing that .
costco does sell giant boxes of foil for hats if you need some .
trump is now saying that his racist remarks against ilhan omar and the other congresswomen of color were n't racist .
what 's really racist are the criticisms they 've made of him .
this guy is a lost cause .
a festering black hole of toxic bigoted garbage .
url
abiyma'el israel or just slaughter the disgusting things like they do to others .
make real justice be served !
like the native americans and isis are doing .
jokes about disease are never funny they are malarious
trump also loves to use words like " infested " when he talks about places that have a lot of people of color .
if only i could remember another political movement comparing an unwanted minority to vermin .
it sits on the tip of my tounge ...
video debunks pm claim there are zero no go zones in sweden somali christian convert spat on harassed forced to leave swedish ghetto
this guy reached out to me on facebook apparently we are related and it from my dad side where both my grandparents were 2 nd cousins dude about to get to know his mexican hillbilly side
i have been swinging hammers for < number > years i ain t never seen a kike in my industry unless he was shlmeeling a product or taking graff from a trade union and you can take that to the bank
every one of these hate hoaxes since the election have been staged by jews themselves
if you ever need surgery i would advise you to cover up your tattoo with some sort of product unless you know the person operating on you is pro white because is your tattoo worth some kike doctor deciding to commit malpractice to cleanse the world of evil nazis
your gon na fail due to defectors with multi ethnic families the africans muslims and asians think jew are white your gon na get us infighting then we lose big
after many suspensions i was permanently suspended from twitter not worth the effort to keep making new accounts they are totally kike controlled
our local moslimes are clustered to the south and south west serbia does not have colored immigrants moslem or not refugees who got here before surrounding countries have closed borders are located in special facilities and very few have managed to escape and live among general population
my immigrant parents did not raise me to spend money on some flimsy lil trash can liners 🙄
she was a well known lobbyist on capitol hill and why that did n't go anywhere .
just another nothingburger .
at some point , democrats are going to have to realize they ran a flawed candidate promoting a platform that 's been rejected by the american people .
the democrats have lost over 1,000 seats nationwide and the presidency in the last six years .
the russians did n't cause those losses .
i 'm 5 minutes in and i had to pause and take a break .
my insanity trigger is already on overload .
do n't know how g e can handle actually being there .
love how this " non violent " , god loving christian immediately threatens violence because he claims he was " touched " .
it 's also funny that none of them can answer a single question , and claim you are using " mind games " by simply using your mind .
oh well , breaks over .
back to the insanity .
wearing a skirt and i feel cute ! & #
128518 ; i was forced to wear them at school so i refused to wear them for years .
now i want more !
it just going to go from one useless nigger to the next maybe the new one will have western backing and we can import refugees interesting to note that trump has been posting about game hunting in apefrica no doubt there behind the scene talks with the coup attempt
i ca n't speak on behalf of trans people , but i know that i 've never felt uncomfortable with being in my body or with the organs i have , meaning my gender and my sex happen to be the same .
what i 've learned is that for trans people , it does n't feel like that - some may feel like they are in the " wrong " body to such a degree that it is causing real suffering .
i suppose it 'd be like if everyone in the world started calling me a woman .
i know i 'm not , and i 've never felt that way , but it would be really hard to explain that feeling to people .
anyone know where they moved the tv guide to ?
tommy robinson might do some good things when it comes to dealing with muslim rapists and child predators but his support of zionism and being a jew convert is cancerous anyone associated with him is a potential zionist shill imo
i feel this way too , if i had the opportunity to switch to being full cis female with all its ups and downs i would in a heartbeat !
holocaust remembrance day should be called 🎵 i wil < elong > remember < elong > jew < elong > 🎵
you pieces of cuck shit jew lovers voted in fat slobby dike merkel an dick haids in france sweden and uk so you all deserve muslim misery < number > < number > sorry for the few normal whites left in those countries
there is nothing negotiable nor debatable with having jews and degenerates anywhere near natsoc agreed
truly shocking how much media coverage is just a simplistic narrative of nonwhite tribalism good white reactions evil
if this post gets 100 upcels by sunday , i will nofap and gymcel on the monday 
 lol if this actually happens .
what you wrote , colkoch is exactly what i was going to write .
i do n't think that concern for victims comes even close to the concern about the institution , and what they all wrongly perceive to be the well - being of the well - being of the institution .
the moral blindness is simply astounding .
@mrelpoderozo1 no your racist because you use random acts of shittyness to paint all black people like a monolith .
you 're not a realist just a try hard .
i believe if your looking you 'll never find true love .
i 'll believe it when you do n't just hook up with girls , but actually bring one home as your girlfriend .
could this be why flake and mccain and ryan are blowing their tops over the pardon?you know them , don't give the american people a clear choice ?
" hanging around ken 's neck , on a metallic silver thread , is what ten out of ten * * fags * * will tell you at a glance is a cock ring . "
i could n't believe the casual use of that term until i realized the article was written in 1993 .
different times , i suppose .
at the very end he uncovered he name it had been in the wrong stack ... i was so thankful she was found & amp ; i had to share my story with him cos
@mrruss10000 yes and jews rape children and suck on freshly circumsized infant penis
kill a nigga for these jews 💎 , its da holocaust
its 5:30 pm and i just put an unknowable , eldritch amount of iced mocha java caffeinated mio brand water enhancer into this glass of water
religious nuts should all deported to some island and then never visited by mankind again
cnn is proof that jews are the scourge of the planet .
ebery mouthpiece is a jew
this will only apply to white men as i have been told if i talk in a clear monotone voice it sounds hostile customer service reps say that the most often
that s because i 've been banned from subreddits with hiveminds simply for disagreeing with them , they literally said " anyone in disagreement will be banned " .
i 've only ever been on 3 or 4 subreddits , i have no idea what the rules are here , what questions might be inappropriate . [ ... ]
and other people have pointed out that trans people have something different about their brains and that its not exactly an " illness " but could be considered as a disorder .
ever notice how jews automatically think that everyone should drop everything and hang on their every word about a topic ?
i think if it was about getting a red hat for chaput , he would n't have been as steadfast in defending the indissolubility of marriage and the holy eucharist and would have put his finger in the air and go whatever way the wind was blowing .
@sruhle trump is trying to rule up the remaining racists in america who did n't vote in 2016 ! #
velshiruhle
if anyone did or is going too join a group like the order , in my opinion .... silence is golden , and keep your mouth shut and your eyes wide open . :
hide
i have an awesome tattooist in the burbs of chicago ...
what 's black and 6 feet tall ?
the remnants of the jews
interesting article about what to do with these evil persons who keep telling the truth and who don ´ t want to surrender ( in danish )
such an ugly cunt
@reaganbattalion @bensasse it 's what happens when someone 's opinion is given zero weight .
if a decision is going to … https://t.co/hoin4x5u8v
< user > < user > impossible trudeau bringing in over < number > million immigrants liberal voters by next election
this should be going through the immigration system not the justice system .
so wait , does that mean that this case will now set a precedence for future criminal cases to come? ................... the offender admits to the crime , but because they were a willing and cooperating witness , no charges will come to them ? ? ? ? ?
" well if you get a perforated uterus you deserve it because god said rape is bad ! "
-same rich guy who got his daughter an abortion two months ago by sending her to a resort over the summer
what do nazis have with their breakfast 100 % concentrated orange jews ( no pulp ) .
i love how feminists only like women who break the glass ceiling when they agree with them kellyanneconway
sounds like a kike to me
hhaha y' all think our generation is fucked wait till our kids are raised & # 128514 ;
great honour to be elected president for the year for # sydney 's @pridehistory with a great committee - check out our website at url # lgbtq # oralhistory # queerhistory url
still celebrating the fake space missions .
satan : most of them still believe they came from a big bang , instead of god creating earth .
way to go n.a.s.a .
not at all they charge up at the us backed rebel charging stands set up by the honorable white helmets lol < user >
continuing to spread those rumors is basically the same thing as gaters saying i was arrested for drugs .
only real niggas fuck with krit url
“ we do n't have a trillion - dollar debt because we have n't taxed enough ; we have a trillion - dollar debt because we spend too much . ”
― ronald reagan
the jew is a servent of satan and has been for thousands of years .
this twisted race of freaks murdered the savior of the world danming themselves for all time .
there ancient sin shows in there hideous vintage .
even now at the end of the world they reject the blood of the lamb .
@yousefalhadda17 the israel soldier are whore son 's big pig heads fuck all israel.long life the philistines brothers .
url
maybe arizona will get a senator who decides what is best for the country instead of retribution for someone slighting his reputation .
white girls black guys 🤝 teaching white boys to condition their hair everyday
seems as if the flight was n't really overbooked , just that they wanted seats for their own employees .
not likely they were paying for the flight , rather they were getting home , or ready for another flight .
so you want to pay an income tax and then receive a pfd ?
how about we restructure the pfd and pay no income tax ?
to everyone saying it 's about looks , it is n't , the main obstacle is mental issues
@jfentonharvey @ostrov_a @jeremycorbyn the arab states have never ended their war on israel nor on jews .
their history is conjuring ways to eliminate them , per their antisemitic beliefs .
from pogroms against jews   to wars , from terror to lies , never have they partnered for a solution , other than heirs to the final .
america is a country full of degenerates .
< user > yep tho is anyone surprised their defending known nazi nick fuentes
yeah , i appreciate that .
tbh , i feel like in the lgbt community trans people get the most shit .
what s the difference between a stoner and a jew ?
one of them does n't scream when it gets baked
say what you will about steve bannon , but when henry kissinger describes his relationship with kushner as a " war between jews and non - jews " i side with the non - jews .
no mention of the religion that preaches hatred of jews in their places of worship .
i find it funny how the jews who are all a flutter over the goyim knowing still fail to recognize their own role in the goyim knowing .
naponap pt3 😈 🤤 # shemalecanada # shemale # trans # transisbeautiful # sex # porn # trans500 @ladyboymaria @trannyamateur @transgirls8 # trannies # ass # bbc # dick # ts # tranny # ts @blacktgirltube @tgirlforums @tgirlsaddict @thehouseofplea1 @naponapvideos url
i will always maintain that the_donald is pol retarded brother
there was a lot of tension in the drug rehabilitation centre when i visited earlier .
it was so quiet you could hear a needle drop .
i guess kenyans do n't know that climate change is a chinese hoax .
i 'm glad the rest of the world has n't decayed into anti - science and anti - intellectualism , like america has .
america will destroy itself , and perhaps the world with its complete rejection of basic science .
a nation that rejects science , as well as basic human rights , do n't deserve to be a world leader and wo n't be for long .
sixty - five years after the u.s. supreme court declared school segregation unconstitutional , oklahoma city public schools is still grappling with the " white flight " spurred by integration .
url # oklaed
for those who love me i will deliver i will protect those who know my name and when they call to me
you must be black .
what 's the difference between a slave working in a field and a jew working in a concentration camp ?
one is ashy , the other one is ashes .
my god look at these barbaric ppl .
and these pigs all watching .
they r a very , very sick culture .
and omar and rashid want this crap here .
this is america not the middle east .
round them up and send them home .
@realdonaldtrump just shut the borders down and declare martial law !
ebola is going to spread into us ! !
the european immigrants who displaced the indigenous people in north america did n't all go back home .
put all the jews in camps again .
make sure this time they will never leave .
remember   ( 9/11 ?
those jihadists managed to establish themselves in the us and lived here for at least 10 years during which time they planned the attack .
watch link .
tv and listen to the anti - israeli propaganda .
get   on facebook and read the comments made by islamic us citizens about how bad the jews are , not only israelis .
jihadists are killing   jews in european countries everyday .
the media is not reporting those for the same reason that you are afraid of offending the peaceful muslim us citizens .
love to make that pussy leak my cum
have you ever been so god damn retarded that you thought < number > germany was promoting marxism and not a direct counter to marxism
bitches find an illiterate man with anger issues & a gun & call him a hood nigga lmao url
first mental breakdown of the year i fucking hate school
voila only way you can save your country from being sucked dry as netanyahu said otherwise they will bring it down from within its all strategy really they bring down big countries by trojan horse that s why they sending all refugees to germany too its all a scam
@tmz misleading and purposely inflammatory headline .
so , if white supremacists appropriated likeness of the american bald eagle , anyone associated with that likeness would be a white supremacist ?
you 're peddling garbage !
< user > ban internet is a human right violation wow rape of women loss of house and motherland that kashmiri hindus faced due to islamist jehadis is not a human right violation clap for tg
online nazi haha guys the left can not meme < number > white privilege diversity is our strength race is just skin color the holocaust racist sexist bigot homophobe islamophobe anti semite
praise allah death to israel infidels 😎 😎
< number > hours remaining of my < number > day ban on twitter my next move is to completely overwhelm twitter thought police with hate speech allegations for everyone who is a kike and especially the adl
when blacks act in a manner far less likely to involve getting shot their peers call them coons and uncle toms some of their own people told them this too but they did not want to listen
fuck iran .
their peadophile revolutionary pirate guard can all fucking die as far as i 'm concerned .. i 've never liked the israelis more .
hopefully the brits join in soon enough and deliver the guard to their virgins .
kill everyone and say that god told you to
i agree < user > you are yet another kike compromised piece of dog shit this is just another data mining site that removed the capability of communication between brothers and sisters the war is hot 😠
mandated diversity quotas doing good things ..... love multiculturalism
@shanaya36450575 @netflixindia @actor_siddharth change the flags to green and arabic named god see them getting beheaded like charlie hebdo
i guess the " hot head " students at universities in montreal and vancouver ca n't have protest any more against jewish people .
are u for real absolutely who cares jews care intensely otherwise you would not have conspired to shut down anglin and his daily stormer in addition to 1 0 0 0 of other sleazy kike moves losers wars against israel wars fought for israel by american soldiers jews do not fight
i guess i only get one more today , so you are it .
you are right that the rapture has been misapplied by many christians .
from my reading of the bible , i 'm only confidant in two things.1.god will not let his people go through his wrath.(who are his people?those who accept jesus work on the cross .
it has nothing to do with going to church , praying to ? ? ? ,
reading whatever or doing good deeds.)we see evidence of him not letting his people go through his wrath in genesis 6 - 8.2.jesus will come back a second time because he said he would .
over 300 scriptures predicted his first coming , so i have no reason to not believe him when he said he will come back .
i stick with those two because most of revelations is too cloudy for a simple man like me to work through .
i do n't look at the rapture as god 's way of solving the earth 's problems , but as god 's way of removing his people before pouring out his wrath .
until then , i will do my part to make the world better .
that 's why i spend time mentoring boys .
out of the frying pan and into the fire ..... 
 good luck with that bc !
the world is a different place since 9/11 .
who cares who someone or some people declared a global caliphate .
even if that was true , we have a military and government that is supposed to protect the american people when needed .
the biggest threat is conservatives pissed off at themselves because they did not get a lot of love from mommy or daddy who then pressure other ignorant conservative politicians to attack iraq , syria or ban muslims and they do n’t even know why .
but like the germans blaming the jews for all their problems , a lot of americans blame muslims for their fear of the unknown .
two things racialists do nt all grasp racialism does not stop at the racial border it applies within race too to individuals and other subgroups one can be as naive about government capacity as about nigger capacity
bloody splicers sealed johnny in before they ... goddamn splicers !
you look like a failed isis recruit so now you just jerk off to hentai
< user > < user > we are all gay hermits although sometimes i am also war queer and a reformed alcoholic homosexual it seems
you can not even speak proper english you fucking heeb faggot
jews : fucking nazis ... literal time travelling nazis : those noobs ca n't build for shit , lemme default real quick .
i m a mixed race black , white and native american person too .
i find myself jealous of beautiful mixed girls all the time , girl like zendaya colman or halsey .
you ppl need to fight and reclaim your own lands .
not piggy back off of the usa .
fix your shitholes .
fight for it .
make your lands great again .
what 's the difference between a jew and santa clause santa goes down the chimney .
mary was never pregnant out of wedlock , nor was she an unwed mother .
do n't none of you worthless assholes disturb me today ..
you are either the worst shill or retarded no one is running around the streets yelling out nigger and jew but if you are gon na be one i am gon na say it so which one are you
saunders is off his rocker , and always was .
anything different from super - left ideology he considers " extremist " .
yeah , real extremist to not want your kids attacked at an edmonton swimming pool , or raped by a taxi driver , or prayers encouraging to " kill all jews - one by one " .
a person has to have some pretty serious psychiatric problems to ignore reality to the degree that saunders and his ilk do !
asexual chad in my class 
 what a waste of a face .... 

 legit been asked out 5 times ( even though the girls new he was asexual )
throw the whole religion away
i act like i do n't fucking care .
but i 'm so fucking scared .
i am watching queer eye and they are all just wandering around the house in shoes < sad > on carpet < sad > i hate this < sad >
men are depressed get raped harassed and murdered everyone … someone talks about women getting harassed everyone what about men 😡 or do you just not care about them 💔 all you care about is women 😔
the words you wrote there are simply so disconnected from reality , that it is likely we 'll never agree .
but no , my call to marginalize and set aside those who hate rather than working together with them ( what is the goal ?
to lynch only a few blacks and jews as a compromise ? )
is in no way a violation of anyone 's free speech .
i ca n't violate your freedom of speech , because i am not the government .
the first amendment does n't require that i tolerate your speech , only that the government can not curtail it .
but i can .
no , antifi and other protestors marching against neo nazis and klansmen are not " just as bad " as the nazis and klansmen .
they are standing up to hate .
the fact that you like ted nugent saying obama should suck on his machine gun means you 're not really a serious person in civic debate .
no , there was no " great war on any constitutional rights .
that 's false to claim .
obama never grabbed a single gun .
but that did n't stop the haters from claiming it .
god loves y' all too forever tell everyone you know and do n't know .
jesus loves y' all too forever .
teach everyone how to see and enjoy their blessings too forever
< user > kike jags up by < number > tds how dose that feel lmfao 😂 😃 😃 😃
@johncornyn here 's a message from god , " go back to dc right now and ban assault guns and pass gun reform laws now ! "
god has spoken , there is your wisdom .
god also says , " money is not worth human lives " and " stop supporting white supremacy " .
are n't you precious , writing a limerick for southey whom you claim to despise but spend an inordinate amount of time on .
i do not begrudge you your ' medical ' marijuana ; the reason i go after you is when you immediately knee jerk support any use of marijuana as in this thread .
you do n't appear to care if a child is harmed by marijuana because you ' need'/want yours .
this is consistent with many of your previous posts where any suggestion that marijuana is n't nature 's perfect bounty with absolutely no possible side effects / downsides results in a diatribe ranging from ' reefer madness " to ad hominem attacks .
let just remind ourselves about these so called refugees are countries are busy importing into europe expand picture for words that sum the situation up britfam deutschefam gabfam
13 meeting the nazis 
 if the jews manage to push the whites killed to say fifteen million white people killed the probability that all jews would be killed in the process may well be something like 99.9999999999 probability that all jews would be killed .
i realized how similar gta v and real life are i realized this when i was driving a van through crowds of people on the sidewalk
there are literally thousands of cemeteries across canada that are exclusive to catholics , protestants and jews .
this is ridiculous .
let them have their own cemetery .
you ca n't have it both ways .
this is canada and this " referendum " is a pathetic joke .
jews know the promises of the bible were written only for them and they are proud they deceived the gentiles with it
i use the term ' queer community ' ( because i identify as queer myself ) because i haaaate the acronym .
and even though gay can be used as an umbrella term , i do n't want to risk misunderstandings .
however , i 've never heard of gsrm before and i * * love * * that !
thank you so much for mentioning it and introducing it to me !
i 'm definitely going to start using that ( probably in addition to ' queer community ' ) .
buying white baps instead of brown because it ’ sunday and i ’ m a crazy mofo who can ’ t be tamed
" " " flip a fucking coin " " " " heads yes , tails no " " 2/3 heads "
< user > it by this weird guy who sexualizes and writes smutty fics about lesbian ships 😭 we will be dragging him
how y all niggas find out she was cheating lmaoo
show me your high school diploma .
show me the diploma .
show me the diploma .
anybody bet he wo n't ?
a bozo who looks down on 63 million people , ca n't be all that bright .
show me the diploma !
no you do not see anything whites are already screwed there is no easy way out of this you are trying to sow confusion in the ranks i have seen a very concerted effort on social media to do this the jewish power structure is scared of the rise in white consciousness and they are working overtime
feminists ' superpower is nagging url
i wish i had the courage for suicide 
 i rlly do wish i was courageous enough to end it all , but sadly i m too cowardly for suicide .
i especially love this part 
 " i went to have a look at the cathedral ( la sagrada família ) — a modern cathedral , and one of the most hideous buildings in the world .
... i think the anarchists showed bad taste in not blowing it up "
what i really want to know is .. how 's this unfaithful piece of shit aids infested nigga still alive ! ?
i guess when you have enough money you can buy the cure . #
blackprivledge
same here .
i had no one know about me .
even saying i was bi was barely a thing .
surprised a lot of people but i 'm really no different .
i get to express myself as a gay man now and that 's most important .
a trusted , sexy partner and the confidence to know i 'm doing the right things to set an example for my kids .
why did the jewish kid ask for the wind direction ?
to know where his parents went .
why do they attack germany ?
sweden ?
netherlands ?
belgium ?
egypt ?
philippines ?
tunisia ?
somalia ?
chad?syria ?
iraq ?
iran ?
mumbai ?
women lie to kick it niggas lie to hit 💯
breastmilk has a lot more going for it than protein and fat and coenzymes breastmilk contains mother immunoglobulins until baby can acquire them naturally in the homo agenda women are not allowed to get credit for anything nice
my daughter is ftm and i 'm in a support group for parents .
all the trans kids have been diagnosed with something .
most common is bipolar and bpd .
you can take whoopi out of the ghetto but you can not take the ghetto out of whoopi
< number > if u saw someone naked u had to take ur wudhu again muslim twitter go off
it has come to my attention   british mi6 has tried to plant a bomb aboard an osprey who was trying to extract julian assange .
i ca n't help but thin that if " men 's rights were replaced by " feminism " , there would be a shit - storm / downvote brigade
what did the germans eat during ww2 ?
surviviollies in a baghetto with shindler bueno
< user > what part of i am a shitty person with violent anti social tendancies and the emotional development of a carrot equates to the nazi holocaust exactly
< user > progressives socialists democrats know their only way to stay in power is through illegal aliens americans know they do not care about us
i m a groovy type nigguh
what 's the best thing about having sex with a pregnant girl ?
you get a handjob and sex at the same time
week 2 christmas underwent successful surgery on her broken foot also a first time in big brother history her vote would be the first vote outside the house # bb19
i m half an hour from pasadena , maybe 45mins from the valley .
i m in the inland empire near ontario by the 10/15freeway interchange
your great leader is still watching over you 
 i had to go into hiding for awhile due to one angry parent of a girl i messed around with but will be back soon .
wow , willamette week , that photo looks exactly like mine ( minus the alterations you made including cropping my watermark ) .
not only did you not pay me or get permission but you did n't even give me credit .
“ i think this is a completely unprecedented level of obstruction , ” said sen. patrick j. toomey , r - pa. 

 nope .
toomey has already forgotten that for 10 months he stonewalled president obama 's supreme court nominee , merrick garland .
early onset alzheimer 's disease ?
stephen j. remington
the acknowledging of white privilege is a simple , intellectual acknowledgement of the cultural and structural barriers that people of colour sometimes face .
it 's child 's play to understand the point .
my adopted black son gets approached by police more often than white kids .
an equivalent gender example is that women need to be far more careful as regards personal safety at night .
conclusion ?
white men are less often assumed criminal and are safer .
because of culture .
simple grade 6 level reasoning , people .
the idea does n't contradict a dream of a colour - blind society ; it compliments it by acknowledging and challenging the fact that we 're nowhere near one yet .
primarily because of reactionary neocon arguments like wente 's here .
objectors to the concept ca n't see they 're blocking the drive to the full equality they ostensibly value .
wake up .
or hit that high school curriculum you 're so dubious about .
because you just do n't get it .
" @sanacardi @letat_lechat sanders said " " i 'm sick of talking about your damned emails " " "
lrt is so fucking me this semester do n't call me out like this
he fucked me hard and good .
now come clean me up cuck !
oh , and cucks little penis is still locked in his tiny little cage . #
hotwife1220 # cuckold # hotwife # realcouple # bisexual # biwife # creampie # chastity # malechastity url
congrats , faggot !
gtfo
naponap pt3 😈 🤤 # shemalecanada # shemale # trans # transisbeautiful # sex # porn # trans500 @ladyboymaria @trannyamateur @transgirls8 # trannies # ass # bbc # dick # ts # tranny # ts @blacktgirltube @tgirlforums @tgirlsaddict @thehouseofplea1 @naponapvideos url
anyone there familiar with the principle of the " common good " ?
well now i have seen it all a chinaman wearing a kilt
my classmates sniggered i remembered getting somewhat offended but i shrugged it off what they do not get i am making assumptions at this point is how significant it is to have a queer singer singing a queer song for queers for queer empowerment
complaining about any event that has the word black in it .
do you also complain about the greek festival , any sons of norway celebrations , jewish community celebrations , russian celebrations , polynesian community celebrations and on and on and on .......     ?
come on now ...... get your head out , realize all the benefits that come with being a culturally diverse community , and celebrate all we have going for us here .
in australia we are noticing that muslim immigrants are using multiculturalism to change our laws adding vilification laws using words like racist islamophobia against us the original white australians the govt leaders have allowed sudanese somalia immigrants to bring terror to their citizens
law of computability applied to social sciences : if at first you do n't succeed , transform your data set .
jew filth whore
did you hear about tom petty i 'm heartbroken
# motherfuckers stupid retards abwehr degenerate german european israeli " jews " which have nothing to do with the real hebrews decided to hijack the western history and civilization ! -
google search url
it is no secret sweden has created their own version of " inner cities " where police wo n't even venture into because its too dangerous for them .
they are called " no - go zones " .
of course no country in the world would admit to this but the evidence is in the multiple video documentaries that exist on the web .
the only thing missing is the will to google them .
i know you 're something .
so what are you exactly ?
no , do n't die they have to kill you 100 times more our martyr 's blood will be the oil to burn zionists   fuck zionism   long live palestine url
is that why hindu migrants are beginning to outnumber the native populations in many gulf countries ?
that 's one expensive child .
child support should not be used to drain men of there resources .
anyone else tired of al this " winning ? "
and i 'm sure this faggot will face zero consequences .
comment “ 💜 ” and follow back whoever likes your reply
bantu tagar prayfornewzealandmoslem we are moslem
will there soon be a day average female weight surpass male weight 
 i m accually unsure as long as gymcels or w / e exist
also do n't forget that obama 's obamacare system was so shoddily designed at a cost of billions of dollars that everyone who used it was subject to having their personal information stolen .
guys , the only way we 'll achieve mainstream success is if everyone adopts all 127 of my fringe political beliefs - which i often change my mind on on a weekly , daily , and sometimes hourly basis - so you 'll have to keep up 

 also , any slight deviation would destroy our race 
 so i 'd have to fight u irl
holy shit .... see if i was there your boxers would be off and cos i 'm a nasty slut i 'd eat your ass while you jerked that huge dick and came on my face 😈 😈
it 's not quite that simplistic - you should n't forget that trump was also gleefully embraced by racists , white supremacists , the nra and those who have no problem with assaults on women .
and about " lying " , you ca n't seriously expect anyone to believe that you 're convinced that trump is a man who does n't lie .
a thought for the day : “ he who has not christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree . ” —
clergyman - author roy l. smith
how to deal with a spoiled brat ( trump not trudeau ) .
ignore him .
a trade war with the usa would be like watching themselves shoot off their own feet .
they want to inflict pain on all the subsidiaries ?
my only real concern is can mexico supply me with strawberries in january .
our first retalitory shot is to buy jet fighters from europe .
first date he : “ i work with animals every day ! ”
she : “ oh how sweet !
what is it that you do ? ”
he : “ i ’m a butcher . ”
that 's because you 're wrong .
among east asians ( like the chinese ) living in western countries ,   there are slightly more women than men .
the gender balance is actually fairly even .
sometimes a lot of this still feels like playing at being a responsible grownup .
discovering much as i travel this path .
good place to be .
how expensive is hitlers gas bill nein hundred dollars
yo man not a “ hood nigga ” he just live in the ghetto
so he was using the vehicle for work , right ?
" @chrissweettweet @deedles420 i 'd guess the " " nobodies " " tv show .
i do n't make the gif 's i just steal them . "
they 're alienating all the moderates with this turbo sjw bs , then when right wing populists get elected it 's shockedpickachu.jpeg ​ can a community genocide itself ?
cause it 's aboriginal men killing the vast majority of aboriginal women .
was there anything in the report about the rampant gang violence on the reserves ?
​   [ url
the @foreignoffice bows to its masters , after all , the very building they doss in is under islamic bond like the rest of establishment buildings in london .
utter cuck subservient , weak scum !
if u ai nt a christian i m a stab u in the face
you guys are all faggots
how do you finger a jewish chick ?
two in the pink , one in the gas chamber .
>   hates jews 
 >   tells people to vote for trump " because jews " 
 >   trump 's closest advisors are observant , pro - israel jews ( jared kushner and michael cohen ) 
 >   incontinent left points to goons like this guy to claim that trump is antisemitic 
 >   trump invites pm of israel to wh and was the second foreign leader he called
i 'm not going to congratulate vs for this .
but i am going to celebrate valentina 's success and be pleased for any and all positive trans representation .
the patriotards who castigate us for saying the kikes need to be exterminated are too stupid to live in the real world when savage enemies are slaughtering your people only pathetic faggots wring their hands over the evil of killing them
i receive as much height discrimination in my daily life as a receive racism in my daily life ( as a black guy ) .
that is to say , not very much .
but that 's not the way to look at it .
the better way to look at it involves how society regards " out groups " and the marginal difference between the likely " quality of life " that a person will experience from having a certain social privilege versus not having it .
being a gay asian is so hard like even most gay asians don ’ t wanna date another asian
the infidels are coming here and spending money let 's bomb them !
# brevardcounty : vehicle fire has nb range rd blocked at sr-520 .
take clearlake rd as alt # orlando # traffic
what were kurt cobain 's last words ? "
courtney , put the gun down "
bwahahahhaahhah .
birds of a feather , indeed .
we know who he learned that from ; his former master .
" what y all gon ' hear today ... is the mother of all anti semitic hate raps .... this is revenge for all the dead children that fell victim from way back .. this here is for every single arab .. shit , even the christians gon ' feel like they 're getting their payback once i rape your mother in the ass with no protection , bare back , wearing a mel gibson face mask ...   bruh .. one of the best opening verses of all time .
period .
both versions whether censored or not are still written by the fucking kikes to pussify gentiles the kike know that there no such thing as god they made him up
" i 'm angry .
i 've had enough of these people .
they 're a bunch of christian murdering scum running giant death factories , keeping babies alive , and selling their body parts .
what more do you need to know about these people ?
i go out and face these scum .
they literally crawl out from under rocks .
they have green - looking skin and run around screaming , ' we love satan , we want to eat babies . ' "
* has upset stomach * 

 * smokes j of blue dream * 

 * does n't have upset stomach * 

 funny how that works .
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
please stop outting your lgbt friends .
just because you know & they 're comfortable around you , does n't mean that you can start including strangers into their business .
you do not think it the fact that you sound like a whiny wheezy nasally libtard right now calling you a kike faggot does not make someone a nazi kikefag that an insult to real nazis
we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred bigotry and violence on many sides on many sides
the little girl with the sign also believes that homosexuals must be killed , israel and jews   must be   eradicated , christians can have their heads cut off , and women including herself are the property of men who may   beat them .
ai n't she sweet ?
aw the short dykes are getting noticed today that s cute
it is odd how the bad things about a person get so glossed over , and we look at them through rose - colored glasses after death .
ali was a bigot .
he looked down on white people and christians .
the radical malcolm x himself converted him to follow the nation of islam , which is a well recognized hate group with strong antisemitism , and gave him his name of muhammad ali .
ali was against the assimilation of blacks into american culture and society , and opposed miscegenation .
and he was not that good a husband or father either , divorcing 3 wives .
he divorced his 1st wife after she refused to dress like a muslim : " i even divorced my wife … just because she would n't wear dresses long enough " 

 and he attacked the usa repeatedly .
he called vietnam " a white man 's war " , and said that " my enemy is the white people ! "
other quotes from ali : " all jews and gentiles are devils " ,   " the sins of drinking , smoking , prostitution , homosexuality , stealing , gambling : it all comes from white people . "
< user > < user > talk about retarded what a stupid gif you appear to be the poster boy for it
1 .
it would n't surprise me , as some sects uphold different rituals than others .
that is n't my experience , but i have n't done enough research on that topic to answer it completely .
2 .
i can only speak for myself , but being raised christian , i fully respect other religions .
my personal beliefs are that there are multiple routes to the same destination .
as for the wider community , i saw a lot of tolerance , but i also saw a lot of intolerance .
i think overall , jews just keep their opinions to themselves , especially the from birthers .
ho hum .
all incoming legal immigrants should follow this : 
 in the first place , we should insist that if the immigrant who comes here in good faith becomes an american and assimilates himself to us , he shall be treated on an exact equality with everyone else , for it is an outrage to discriminate against any such man because of creed , or birthplace , or origin .
but this is predicated upon the person 's becoming in every facet an american , and nothing but an american ... there can be no divided allegiance here .
any man who says he is an american , but something else also , is n't an american at all .
we have room for but one flag , the american flag ... we have room for but one language here , and that is the english language ... and we have room for but one sole loyalty and that is a loyalty to the american people . "
theodore roosevelt 1907 
 all illegal immigrants can take a sack lunch and get on the bus back to the border .
as they should .
this is now the case in every country run by liberals the islamic soros state is a nonstop isis cancer funding for a guaranteed liberal dictatorship that willnever leave and switch the population to immigrants and kill off the native people history religions cultures economies and futuregenerations
strangely enough , harper put in the incentives to delay taking cpp at age 65 , along with other government benefits .
in the old days ( before harper ) there was no benefit from delaying cpp because benefits were capped .
now , up until age 70 , benefits increase .
i have n't done the math to see if it is worthwhile , but i think it will be as i have no plans to retire at 65 so i do n't want my cpp benefits being taxed at my current relatively high rate .
uaf could do well if they name the new law & justice center after him .
there are hundreds of skins out here , esp .
in your area .
rt @demkittiesdoe : i tell myself i 'm not gon na get my hopes up every time and then i fucking do bc i 'm a moron
burn in hell you descendant of abrahams wives slave bastard your race will be erased on judgement day by god himself
she know a nigga be stuntin like a power ranger 💫
dio made friends with arabs , africans , americans , asians , indians and various other nationalities , jonathan , the racist bigot never had a friend outside of europe , 100 % disgusting !
absolutely it 's the defense .
bloggers are saying we get what we paid for then hire arranda for dc and a million dollars a year .
silent i ve learned a lot in my life corn can be white red amp sometimes blue mars takes about < number > years to get to and you re the biggest retard
i 've always been proud of the igbo tribe and our culture .
yesterday made me even more proud .
you people are too fine abeg . #
ogbakoumuigboday
called my head commander 小姐 when i asked for the time .
i 'm fucked & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
what 's black and smells like shit ?
a jew in the 1940 's .
remind them that they 're just another jew tool and that they are basically spitting on the graves of millions of people that were murdered by real communists .
what is the difference between a jew and a bullet ?
a bullet makes it out of the chamber
as reported by cnn , the new york police department ’s counterterrorism chief has evidence that the many threatening phone calls to jewish community centers originate from a single individual located overseas .
one extra - territorial person using spoofing technology does not a rise in u.s. anti - jewish sentiment make .
otoh , nypd ’s evidence is not inconsistent with the thesis that this rash of threat calls is foreign , state - sponsored terrorism .
stahl , sr . ,
asks “ which state ? ”
and suggests israel has the means , motive , and opportunity .
the community center threats have been reported since late january , after trump ’s inauguration .
i ca n’t think of a more existential threat to israel than an isolationist , nationalist , america - first president who wants to cut foreign aid .
sprinkle in some spicy speculation that trump is a russian tool , and israel may think it faces the perfect political shit storm .
drastic times would require drastic , but hardly unprecedented for the mossad , measures .
wonder why they had asian women in wheatfields as a prank wonder why they joke about asians were the hardest part wonder why they make a song about how italians are not honkeys this is all controlled these songs are not even funny but forced
sending messages of infinite support and validity as an amab trans person who feels similarly !
great video as a fellow trans woman in the uk and what annoys me is getting work i 'm a hairdresser 20 years experience and done loads of courses in my experience as soon as they know your trans they ok well lovely to see you and you get a rejection letter it really frustrating
well , it 's probably the asian part of you .
asian people are always so modest .
yeah she ’ ghetto but her vibe is graceful and golden
the part about killing daca is it 's not even a blanket approval of kids .
it only applied to the ones who were here when it went into effect , and only under specific conditions , and it did not apply to their parents .
we are talking about , in some cases , kids who do n't even really know their home country , and have lived in the us virtually their entire lives .
but to most republicans i 've talked to , that does n't make any difference : they 're illegal aliens lumped in the same class as all the other people who are here to " steal our jobs . "
their presence here is a " burden " on " taxpayers " and they have no right to be here and who cares what happens to them ?
they should be " sent home . "
this is trump doing precisely what trump promised to do during the campaign .
yes , it 's stupid .
yes , it 's cruel .
but it 's the sort of stupid cruelty trump voters like ms.amylou explicitly voted for .
scrape that shit off
what does this nigger know about growing up irish catholic in boston niggers and kikes pretend we whites bully and oppress our women nothing could be further from the truth this is wholesale racist discrimination and defamation and we are going to put a stop to it
< user > we have no self respect shameless left labor is filling this country with terrorists and jihadis in the name of allah
i share your concerns about kids needing better nurturing .
meanwhile , i 'm also concerned that anchorage citizens need better assurance that hoodlums like these are dealt with swiftly and firmly .
the lack of more information about the perps is disturbing .
chad on the frontpage thinks they let him in because of his genious and not for his genetics
these guys do n't need to worry about the cops .
the insurance companies probably already have the mob looking for them .
do n't hate woman and gays , tell me how you 've come to this conclusion
< < moderate does n't mean anything to these people .
> > 
 ' moderate ' is certainly not a word that would have occurred to me when i ran into some of these folks " back in the day . "
i was attending a scripture workshop offered by a ( then ) young priest of our diocese .
he was being followed around the diocese to the various venues where he was presenting his talk by a small but very vocal group of self - appointed watchdogs of orthodoxy who hurled cries of " a young father brown ! "
at him as an epithet .
of course , he embraced it as a compliment .
another sick human selling violence just to get likes and views - humans do n't deserve to survive .
the earth will be far better off when homo sapiens kill and toxify themselves out of existence !
they are stuck in an ever - lasting limbo of " jews are subhuman trash that does n't deserve to live because of their bad genes " and " jews are so powerful and intelligent that they control all aspects of society "
now is the time for us as canadians to seize the day !
kathleen has already shown us the way with the green energy plan , which has led to a phenomenal drop in the use of coal and in air pollution .
building on this success , we can finally cut the american cord for good and move to renewable energy ( though i do think we should continue to help out venezuela ) .
i will admit she is a jewish woman who i have disagreements with in her politics i am not going to stoop to that level because she has not done enough to stoke my ire to that level plus being called a kike is a compliment in today society thanks lil dickey
took the words right out of my mouth !
could not stop chuckling . --
paukl
now there are claims coming from nbc news of all places that confirm what others have warned about isis has indeed infiltrated refugee camps so much so that military pilots refuse to fly over the infested camps
< user > he ’ an illegal immigrant making millions hasn ’ t paid taxes and has committed felony i believe
sorry , my last comment was published 2 times because i thought it was not published , i had a problem with the internet .
a nigga will play you today and i will have a new nigga today thought i was gone say tomorrow nah bitch today !
😂
when has canada ever done anything to defend human rights in saudi arabia or israel ?
@odysseuslahori @iqshoaib hang till death all religious pimps ! !
the mass killing of jews should be partly britain 's fault but the western zionist world wants people to forget about britain 's imperial past and lay the blame on white nordic nazi germany .
i think we the united states of america should just blow iran from the face of the planet and any other country that supports terrorists .
those 4 bitch 's needs to be pulled out in the streets and horse whipped , they are lowlife unamerican trash .
someone told me about a good queer shop in old city but i do nt remember the name < sad >
< user > < user > attacking me for my appearance doesn ’ t work when i got hoes in the inbox sending titties faggot
the entire system of classes are a marxist invention .
the judeo - bolsheviks are using this to divide our society .
in other words ' divide et impera ' .
if my girlf want my password all she got to do is ask ... and i m a say fuck no ! ! ! & #
128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
do other girls put their tops on by putting their feet in and then pulling it up ?
or is elise just weird as fuck ?
how do you pick up a jewish girl ?
go to auschwitz with a dustpan and brush
did not you have to leave for work hours ago you shit tier kike lol tell your hooknosed bosses to send someone better before your shift ends
trudeau is nothing more than a mannequin for the same old corrupt liberal party .
nothing has changed .
same adscam behaviour .
enriching themselves first .
enriching their financial backers second .
sound governance of canada tenth .
nothing ever changes with these people .
" somebody call my manager and say you got an urgent message for a nigga named william , " " drop everything , craig 's in trouble , come quick " " "
nigeer bastardo como freeman los judios le prestaron apellido de esclavo sus abuelos son mierda morgan kike freeman
< user > what if the illegal immigrants are hindus
the priest at the wedding takes an opportunity to promote africa passes out a basket for the poor zulus that can not farm a basic flower pot
christians and jews do not kill or rape innocent people .
isis is islamic and they kill , rape and sell people simply for not being muslim .
many passages in islam call for killing of those not muslim .
islam needs to condemn all violence conducted in its name , it does not , until it does , it is not peaceful .
we have videos of imans calling for the killing of jews in toronto and montreal
in canada the most acts of vandalism are still directed at the jewish population although cases of vandalism of mosques is growing .
overt acts and words of intolerance are felt by a number of visible minorities including aboriginals , blacks , sikhs , muslims and asians .
those bigoted acts however seldom reach a level which could be described as terrorism .
our white christian majority is far from perfect but there is no comparison to attacks by muslim extremists in europe and the uk , attacks on coptic christians in egypt or the more numerous attacks on muslims by muslims in the mid east and africa .
so far muslims are much safer than blacks in the us or aboriginal women in canada or christians in egypt .
we should be ashamed of small acts of bigotry but let 's not pretend that a single death in london totally counter balances all the deaths on 9/11 or throughout europe in recent years .
i have multiple jobs i am self sufficient and could get more work if i wished you on the other hand will always be a kike or a shabbos goyim < happy >
sure we can compare trump 's behaviour .
trump is banning muslims under the excuse the he wants " extreme " vetting but they are already vetted years before arriving and there is no evidence any refugee has committed terrorist acts in the us .
the courts agree enough to stay his executive order .
of course trump is not directly comparable to hitler .
btw .
israel and syria .
i do n't know if israel is accepting any syrian refugees .
i doubt it .
syria and israel are technically still in a state of war .
besides it wo n't accept palestinian refugees back who originally lived and owned property in what is now israel largely so it does n't upset demographics ( i.e. israel is a jewish state   - not an open secular state ) .
countries next door ( lebanon , jordan , turkey ) are accepting the bulk of refugees .
and while this strains their limited resources they have had few problems of violence .
trump is behaving as fascist - lite !
let 's blame our problems on " them " .
so , trump and his mental health team know what he meant ?
latino 's for trump is like jews for hitler ....
i 'd bet she 's fucking somebody back home and you are a greencard marriage
sounds pretty queer to me
you might be a racist if you buy green olives in a jar but pass on the black olives in the can
how do you get a jewish girls number ?
roll up her sleeve .
@kingjb27 @briannahyche i am tall and love tall women
[ serious ] has any heightcels here thought of or done leg lengthening ?
looks like some jews good broken into their car and garage i just had to laugh when saw this .
a dyke a queer and a jew over there
no amount of censorship , police intimidation or canadian press bias will succeed in concealing from canadians the incredible amount of hatred being propagated by islam ; hatred towards jews , towards women , towards homosexuals , towards anyone who does n't subscribe to that brutal doctrine .
first set of business cards for midnight auto springfield missouri i should have put it okay to be white but i did not think of it until now
in part ,   republicans are probably objecting to the increased spending , taxes , and regulations   associated with government support and subsidies for renewables - which is most likely what hick is doing here .
like it or not , heavy reliance on renewables is very expensive and will have negligible impact on air quality and carbon emissions .
now , if the governor were helping shift us toward more gas , nuclear , modern coal - things that could actually reduce ghg emissions - republicans might support it .
but at the end of the day ,   i suspect this is not actually about clean air .
it 's probably more about consolidating government power ,   redistributing wealth ,   and putting taxpayer dollars into the pockets of big green donors .
* wake up nigga , time to get the cake up nigga *
something 's wrong if iolani beats ( and they should ) every other d2 opponent in the ilh and then they play in the d2 tournament while their opponents play in d1 tournament ?
" i had fuck more than you , oh look at me , poor thing , getting a dick inside me !
please let me cut in line ! "
< user > < user > < user > < user > this girl is retarded i swear to god 😂 😂 😂 😂 all her arguments collapse halfway 😂 😂
my mom really walked into my room and asked me why i look so oily it called moisturizer you dry ass white bitch i hate it here
man f**k that guy he mad cuz blueface pull all them girls 👀 3:35
aryan goddess taylor anti kike forcefield
well i am sure that the jews have the cure for aids but they wo nt give it to the fags cause they already served their purpoise
frank , you seem like a nice guy who 's fallen for some crazy bs .
here are some facts about trump 's anti - semetism :   when addressing the republican ( yes , republican ) jewish coalition last december trump said “ you ’re not going to support me , because i do n’t want your money , ” he said . “
you want to control your own politician . ”
then , this past july trump tweeted the well - know meme featuring hillary superimposed on a pile of $ and the words " most corrupt candidate ever " in a star - of - david shaped caption bubble which was originally found on this thread : http://archive.is/e0dto the thread also features such sentiments as : " death to all non - whites hail victory " and " jews are two - faced backstabbers who are n't to be trusted " and refers to hitler as " uncle adolf " .
he also retweeted a tweet from " whitegenocidetm " : https://mobile.twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/690562515500032000?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw 
 who had a whole bunch of pepe themed gems to share before his account was suspended .
the 2 things i really wish i could enjoy eating are sushi and avocado .
like i just wanna be a normal 23 year old and go to sushi w my frans&#128580 ;
keep slayin ladies ! !
you speak for all of us who want a voice .
any of us who want the world we deserve .
thes women are our sisters .
stand with them
" fake news ! "
" hit piece ! "
" associated press ! "
" benghazi ! "
" obama this !
obama that ! "
maga !
hahaha ! ! !
oh god , demotivational poster style memes .
god i feel old , i used to spend hours looking those things up .
alan ... baby .... these are not conservatives .
these are your people , liberals , liberal jews , skin heads , blacks , black separatists ,   lesbians , lgbtetc .
in other words every fragmented fringe group block of nut burgers balled up is your little party and they support a death cult that uses useful idiots ( palestinians ) as their tool of choice to drive a wedge in israel .
you wanted anarchy ?
it 's here , it 's at your door .
answer it .... go ahead , answer that door .
those plants are a eco - greenie nightmare , when on line , you ca n't even tell if they are operating .
how do you protest that ?
bitches b a different type dumb ain t no way i am holding a nigga in jail down you all lives must be very boring
it 's really incredible that these killers can out and murder scores of people , detail that it 's because of their hate for immigrants , black people , and general white supremacy ideology , and still get coddled like this .
which is convenient in looking away from the harsh truth .
url
agreed terri .
the occasional string of humour helps the medicine go down , the medicine go down .....
@realdonaldtrump just shut the borders down and declare martial law !
ebola is going to spread into us ! !
new bitch season
not when headlines say " only 90 " and " just 90 " !
shame on the globe !
everyone in your life is a fucking lie i promise
" @alex_mackkkkk when they come back zach automatically goes , " " we got up there and this random girl asked tyler to fuck her " " "
post that kike star again and you can wear them in the oven
could everyone please stop making jokes about jewish people ?
they 're all overdone .
this person came from a settlement that , in the eyes of the u.n. , was illegal .
nothing to do with jews - except for jews who steal other people 's land .
ganduje : 95 percent of almajiri roaming streets of kano are foreigners - thecable url
@x_vashaun @deandra_bridges i changed high schools just to get out the hood and better my self just to see niggas who not even like that 💯
its jews again !
mf !
may god take these creatures away from us
rt @daofficialhnic : at fucking all&#128175 ; https://t.co/2rtc7z66pz
suck me cock
imagine trusting that rat faced faggot kike
inpuza why do you like lgbtq+ and u r polygender and a bit of everything ? ? ? ?
u a weirdo
could you please state your source for " hundreds of thousands of guns are stolen every year " ?
i 'd like to look at that data .
i wanna train a cute slut to please me teaching them how to use their mouth properly and put all of their holes to good use for daddy if they are extra good i will reward them with a cute collar with a bell on it
meanwhile this weekend in charlotte public restrooms , republican lawmakers will be getting their toe tapping groove on .
so i tweet and don ’ t get any interactions but when i retweet stuff like < number > people are liking within the minute i hate you people 😤
learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant .
fuck anglos
mexicans are risking their lives to get these concentration camps .
it 's the promised land
i survived a school shooting .
lost my virginity the same day .
that s it ! !
i m gon na get a waffle cooker right now kids get in the car , i m making waffles !
martha stewart is a convicted felon .
she can now vote .
she can not own a firearm .
she can not travel to britain .
former governor blagaovich is a convicted felon .
he is still in prison .
when he gets out , he will be able to vote again .
he will not be allowed to have a firearm .
the murderers in oregon awaiting execution will never be able to vote again .
i have no problem with any of that .
@sonofspam64 .
there wo n't be a fight , israel already considers iran a national threat so they will use everything they have to completely neutralize iran .
you need to get off this crap about trump and putin , when it was obama sucking putin off everyday he was in the white house .
putin to obama .
i am going to invade crimea what you going to do about it you big pussy .
obama in a child 's voice " nothing . "
putin - good boy , now get down on your hands and knees and suck me off pussy .
i ask a genuine question because i was not knowledgeable about those kinds of practices in the days of the romans and jesus christ and you direct insults at me .
if you noticed , i thanked judah ben hur for the information he provided about my question .
remind me not to ask you a genuine question about something i may not know .
glad they caught it !
sad for the kid , but grateful that it was discovered .
have to wonder why he felt the need to have one at school , what the motive was .
hopefully they can find the answers if there are any .
past news reports have quoted conservative support for these efforts but no quotes of support from the ndp .
i assume that other the protecting the auto pact part of trade with the us that the ndp are in full support of trump and sanders limiting trade .
awesome article .
i loved your writing style .
here is my style how is it < a href="http://www.freegamekillerapk.com/ " > game killer apk < /a >
not the squad !
islamic fascist jihadis , u.s. enemy combatants .
immoral , bigots , haters , anti american , linked to hamas , hezbollah , cair , muslim brotherhood , isis , syrian rebels , antifa , cause of horrific suffering worldwide .
wtf are they doing on u.s. soil in our gov't ?
assassinate .
@cnn like 15 years , taxes , home bills , utilities , my phone 707 .
listed .
fucking niggers beat me with the he jews .
cohen 's gang paid moonlighting law enforcement pi .
put them in jail .
i say shoot .
i ain t got no type nigga like a dyke nigga ion like niggas these shells bigger than shark teeth take a chunk out it ll bite niggas
how can 100 clowns can fit in a mini cooper ?
99 of them were jews and one was a german
+ black pill join allah 's ( god 's ) nation .
the kingdom of god . #
noi.org .
he got you a flag and everything and satan respects it .
watch the weather , allah do n't play .
< user > proud boys aren ’ t pro nazi jesus you ’ re a terrible journalist
how do you pick up a jewish girl ?
with a brush and shovel
one time freshman year a teacher pushed back a test we were supposed to have that day .
this moment has ruined all my test expectations .
casually spraying the kid in front of me on the line w perfume & # 128579 ; he 's gon na smell super good when he gets home
on point it all kike mercinary work
is there anyone that can carry my stupid ass through nobunaga on # crashfever ? ?
what did hitler say to his soldiers ?
shoot for the stars
yeah i am neither jewish nor a homosexual but they love to call me a kike faggot i mute freely < happy >
there are many variations on the ten commandments : exodus 20:1 - 17 and deuteronomy 5:1 - 24 .
which one do you want ?
the truth is that what is often taught --- was the easiest understanding of anything .
but that does not make it the best understanding .
moral teachings , as all teachings and laws , are for the people .
if they do not benefit the people , they are not good teachings or laws .
any teaching or law that treats , encourages , permits actions toward others that demeans their basic humanity -- is not good and should be abolished .
the very fact that the hierarchal church does n't do a disciplined , medical / scientific research on the nature of homosexuality --- but practices exclusion , retaliation , and winks at vindictiveness against members of the lgbt community , is evidence of this    we have abused other groups of peoples as well : the jews , slaves , women .
today , the official church has made members of the lgbt the new lepers in our society .
i was hoping they found someone dead with a can of spray paint in their tiny white fingers .
canada can not control how others view our oil and gas and whether at some future point it is subject to a surcharge .
canada can make serious efforts at conserving our environment and ensure that canada uses our resources responsibly .
pipelines that extend to tidewater gives canada the option of export to a variety importing countries .
our government should ensure that canadian resources best serve canadians .
all you all wanna be homosexual but you should be hoe no sexual
< user > why only muslim india will not allow any illegal immigrants irrespective of religion there are far more countries where christianity is religion of majority do not give it anti muslim or any religious colour india is open to any muslim who wants to live here as per land of d law
those 4 bitch 's needs to be pulled out in the streets and horse whipped , they are lowlife unamerican trash .
it is a gigantic leap to say " sexist " attitudes by men are responsible for the lack to woman going into technology .
worse , it borders on scapegoating and easily could miss a real solution to the challenge .
" fdr , and others ( e.g. , churchill ) , thought the japanese had rational leadership which could be deterred . "
lol .
the entire world in the 1930 's was a fascist swamp with more and less vicious fascist countries everywhere .
japan 's emperor was pure evil .
japan was one big fascist cult of war   with a racist superiority complex , the aristocrats demanding god - like authority over their subordinates .
and the western countries were almost as bad .
gays , women , ethnic folks , jews , indigenous people , chinese , french - canadians - all were mistreated as second class citizens at best , jailed as criminals at worst .
life was very nice for middle class white folks , sure .
but canada and the world was a fascist swamp .
it was only a matter of time before the alligators , crocs , snakes , and others attacked one another .
i m a thug but i moan wen she suck it 🥴
i probably ended up another kike list somewhere lolz yeah no doubt plus jews like to keep tabs on us nazis idk why it not as though we are coming for them to put them in the ovens yet
hey !
i really like the shade of your skin !
:3
how do you guys think of the red pill ?
i use it as way to intimidae jew to show them that there are still people who are aginst them it did originate in roman it was called the wariors salute
transculters : a great bunch of lads who just want to smash your head in with a baseball bat and make you choke on their " girl dicks " .
url
what sauce does n't hitler like on his steak ?
au jus
" an inter - ministerial team headed by president jacob zuma " .
stop , please , before i die laughing .
this is something i 've never seen before :o crazy hot slut .
cbc 's online presence grew in an era when its budget was regularly cut , which means it paid for the whole thing by cutting its core services in radio and television .
it 's not at all clear that the cbc 's online services are worth abandoning its core mandate .
" you will find a girl like you " 
 because it 's totally possible i find a virgin , socially retarded girl that does n't smoke , drink and masturbate .
this pervert sicko jew bastards gon na fake his death like ken lay , sneak on his degenerate pal trump 's private jet and end up in south america .. where he 'll marry a 5 year old girl 👯 ‍ ♀ ️
< user > how about illegal immigrants should we give free abortions to illegal immigrations or do you not accept the morality of my question
sniveling supremacist claims his white supremacist rally photo does n’t capture his true essence .
“ i did not expect the photo to be shared as much as it was .
i understand the photo has a very negative connotation .
but i hope that the people sharing the photo are willing to listen that i ’m not the angry racist they see in that photo . ”
yes , he ’s a white supremacist .
yes , he traveled across the country to attend a tikkki torchlight rally and shout angry supremacist garbage like “ jews will not replace us ” with other white supremacists .
yes , he claims that taking down a statue of robert e. lee is phase 1 in a plot replace white people .
but he ’s one of the good ones .
at least that ’s his story .
https://mobile.twitter.com/bayymontana/status/896442120508026880 

  some of his classmates disagree .
what is the difference between sweden and finland ?
sweden is gay
' thank god i 'm not a woman ' or whatever that jewish prayer is / was .
male identity is largely shaped by ' not being ' something .
what that is is not being a woman , and moving out of the family world of women and children to become a ( real ) man .
the final bastion of separate identity is the power of representing god .
if women actually are seen as representing god then men are really not ' separate but more equal ' , which is what their identity has largely been built on .
they are actually then ' less equal ' in their own eyes because they ca n't give birth .
that 's one reason they push the strange analogy that ' women ca n't be priests like men ca n't give birth ' , which really makes no sense at all .
hitler hated christianity .
he wanted the land in the soviet union .
ukraine being the breadbasket of eastern europe and the oil fields in the south .
he wanted ' lebensraum ' for the third reich .
his move on russia had nothing to do with hate .
his murder of 6,000,000 jews , however , did .
christians were next .
his quasi - religious cult of nazism was slowly replacing christianity in europe .
.
a christian church , weakened by ww1 , a great economic depression , government secularization and    moral decay ,   only paved the way for that evil man .
the people were duped by hitler 's evil cult .
the left is still easily duped today by the seductive    siren call for a   ' one world order ' .
nothing new though , just the same old european fascistic ideology wrapped up in a bright , shiny   new ' package '
@pettymuse @penabdull do what pleases you , allow mallaman musulinci to preach islam to those who believe in it and want to adhere to it .
red8wop : governor walker most certainly is not a democract .
never was never will be .
he was a long standing republican turned independent to run against parnell .
i feel this way too , if i had the opportunity to switch to being full cis female with all its ups and downs i would in a heartbeat !
ok there was a live action movie of eletra woman and dyna girl so gay
everybody is different .
i guess maybe tell her what you think is awesome about her that does n't relate to physical attributes , the fact that she 's trans or any of that .
if another woman ( cis or trans ) is feelin me on that level i 'm going to start walking into things like a goofy stunned pigeon .
but , again , everybody is different .
they replaced the jew mayor with a sheboon mayor they have not learned yet
url - we - are / beliefs / pagan this sort of explains it .
in our congregation we have : atheists , agnostics , humanists , christians , pagans , native spiritualists , buddhists and some folks who just plain do n't know ... the most concise thing i can say is our motto : " we are the church of the open mind , the loving heart , the helping hands . "
we are a certified lgbtq welcoming congregation , and we believe " service is our prayer " .
so , no belief system is celebrated , nor is any denied .
it 's definitely not for everyone , but everyone is welcome to check it out .
great honour to be elected president for the year for # sydney 's @pridehistory with a great committee - check out our website at url # lgbtq # oralhistory # queerhistory url
ditto
your people are using bad temp agencies then the good ones around here are basically accountants for rent and they do not accept ghetto bullshit
i guess something like this would come under the ag would n't it ? ?
or who in state government would be responsible to do an audit ? ?
eh ! ,
gov ; time for you to order yourself some mr. magoo trifocals or sherlock holmes magnifying glass so you can get a birds - eye view of what 's going on in your state .
mr. ige , i see you made headlines standing next to the ceo ? ,
for airwest ? ? ,
forgot their name already .
but the point being , you act like the point man in hawaii welcoming another carrier to compete with ha and other carriers .
so , you must be the man .
i do n't change my views to get money .
that 's not how this works .
@peerworker
@ayash910 @sarthakasingh @welfaremind @rajeev1das @sajjadkargili @icashmir as if muslim do n't lynch hindus and stop stealing their cattle , they are village economy .
you claimed the post to be " racist " , yet no race was mentioned .
so , to answer your question , apparently you do n't need there to be race mentioned to throw in the race card .
you just assume and that makes it a racist comment .
yea but that 's my whole point these girls are * normal * white chicks
stop sucking that fatass ' dick , you niggerloving kike
a thought for the day : “ forgiveness is a virtue of the brave . ” —
indira gandhi
people should not apologize criminal gov must in this case this merchant yid whore who lies she is a queen while does not have even a drop of royal blood
< user > < user > nigga behave 😂
there is a point where body art and modifications becomes sort of a lifestyle and part of one 's identity .
i do n't see much of a difference between that and defining yourself with the type of music you listen to or your style of dress .
which is the bigger hate crime in canada holocaust denial or pointing out that a muslim did something wrong
wait .
the story still is n't over .
the search continues .
may be visitng another puppy tonight .
cocker spaniel mix .
:d
fuck em !
have n't showered in 45 day ?
they should have stayed the fuck out of my country !
i 'll have you know my grandfather was killed by a nazi he committed suicide .
we are literally going to have this taken down eventually it one thing if you are a kike it another if you are a kike dog
< user > the little bitch got off easy
european history of < number > years speaks with one voice exterminate the jews before they exterminate you whitegenocide
nope because other low iq illiterates to block vote cheating their way into power together with the matrix dwelling white lib the tribal vote has power but there is hope and a change in tbe air so we shall see
i wish you did n't have to miss out on dating boys .
boys are fun .
neither did i , but we did nt expirience the extent he been through .
what if he was nt shown how to deal with it as much as you got to .
my dad and adoptive grandmother still have enraging vocabulary from when they slandered about my mom and i. me being stuck at that house because they stole me and my siblings and got custody and slandered at me , is like at his school that he had to go to that whoever kept harrassing william when they needed to go to that school .
sheckles .... that is very anti - semitic 
 you know i attend synagogue with 3/4 of adn 's reporters , and the owner .
you should show more respect to us jews , and stop using hebrew currency as a derogatory synonym .
you must be a troll from /r thedonald .... that is borderline hate speech show more appreciation for the culture and religion that brings you and your community news on a daily basis ! ! !
the " m " in hitler stands for mistakes
whiteskins are so stuped by xtianity they think jews are just fellow whites with bbn no they are different race sick of racists who do nt take race seriously
also i toooooooootally did nt ask for days off just to play persona 5 , who dooooooes thaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat ,
sorry but this is n't the naked gun , leslie nelson is n't behind home plate calling balls and strikes .
if trump does n't want fair criticism he should stick to tee ball .
bigly .
all hail king donald .
no expense is too large for the little people .
get used to it and do n't criticize .
young imams of mosques will be prepared under the direct control of white house officials such conspiracy against islam is introduced in saudia recently in pakistan it is long been implemented in private school إ ِ ن َ ّ ا ل ِ ل ّ ه ِ و َ إ ِ ن َ ّ ـا إ ِ ل َ ي ْ ه ِ ر َ اج ِ عون watch the video
more supportive of the lgbtq+ community
what added safety ?
what few stats are available shows crime decreased in the first 6 months .
decreased .
go suck a dick fagit kike
shoenice is a legend
59 years old ?
i 'm a few years older and do n't have as many as she does !
too much sun , surgery , booze and self medication
he 's a living civics lesson for denver 's young people .
win or lose , he 's a role model .
not for long boomer the kikes are gon na make sure they are all in spanish then they are gon na make you marry off ur daughter to a nigger transexual to prove you re not a bigot cuck
i speak the way i speak because fuck you if you do nt like it talk to the barrel of my gun communist loser afraid of the jews
this is a terrible tragedy for the victims and their families .
senseless violence by rabid inhuman savages .
western europe is festering like an open wound .
just because the media ignores the issues does n't mean they are n't staring everyone else in the face : the police organizations have been protesting to german 's interior minister and they treated with contempt - they are losing control and have neither the authority , resources , or political support to act .
germany 's politicians and the rest of europe 's " progressive " elitists only have themselves to blame .
the latest terrorist was already arrested and released by a judge .
the recent attack only highlights the political impotence paralyzing european society .
the jew - hating thug speaketh .
" social licence " to some people means doing exclusively what they want ... oh , and by the way , if a consultative process has no way of getting to " yes " , then that 's not a consultation process , that 's a veto .
spare me . "
the process was flawed " misdirection , because the groups who oppose every pipeline project in this nation are not looking for a " better " process , they 're looking for a process that ensures no pipeline ever gets built .
i commend the liberal government for moving forward on this issue ... it remains to be seen if they really intend to drive it forward to completion , but if they do , kudos to mr trudeau
it 's so crazy really .
these people are coming from the usa ( safe country ) and are allowed to cross our border illegally to become a financial burden and potential safety risk for a decade .
at which time they 'll disappear if they 're refused refugee status , never to be heard from again ( unless they murder someone ) .
this could all be stopped so easily .
so why is n't it ? ? ? ?
because the country is run by leftists , plain and simple .
< user > ‍ the jews are controlling my weather again i am a get that kike alf for this shit you with me < user > ‍
new law called the hillsborough law must be used first for the cover up by pms mps councillors social services police over the rape of < number > million white children raped by paki muslims
fred , nice try .
but given that bill morneau has already turned his back on your and his former joint support for an age 67 old age security pension - for crass political reasons , how can we expect any less hypocrisy concerning the pspp ?
especially now that 1%-er bill morneau is a public servant , earning the pspp as he goes ...
that 's your analysis ?
he a jew when it convenient for him and a fellow white person when that s more convenient just like literally every other kike
mandated diversity quotas doing good things ..... love multiculturalism
no the word racist has definitely lost some power in the last few years which is a good thing that why they have moved on to calling people nazis white supremacists and white nationalists their basic toolkit has lost a lot of its punch
i think anyone who says " diversity is our greatest strength " is misleading the public .
no evidence backs this statement ( different food and music does not count ) terrorism , crime rates , employment stats , fgm , breast ironing , cousin and niece / nephew arranged marriage and grooming gangs prove it is definitely not .
graves et al at the wnt are leftists operating under the guise of a newspaper that reports news free of bias .
the reporter who wrote this article , for example , has also previously penned a seriously anti - second - amendment editorial chastising locals ; graves has penned an editorial chastising anti - navy protesters for their peaceful protests , attacking their first amendment rights .
a press such as the wnt that attacks our constitutional rights is not a " free press " that deserves my respect , nor the respect of any freedom - loving american .
have the testosterone levels of those shit heads and tell me that they are really women .
what ’s the difference between a mexican and a jew ?
only one was able to make it over the fence .
you need to ask this when the obama administration instructed the irs to target conservatives ?
what is white , black , and red all over ?
a disabled zebra in 1940 's germany .
our muslim terrorist treasonous arab ass kissing state dept is making sure that trump will not do this after all kissing arab and muslim ass is far more important than us national security
trump 's comments not racist , if you do n't like the way this country is ran go back to your country .
since when is giving women date rape drugs so friends can sleep with them not rape ?
in some instances these women were waking up in strangers ' houses .
even without date rape drugs , sleeping with someone who is beyond the point of being able to give consent is also considered rape in most cases .
this is what i mean by rape culture - when people are saying things like " they were probably all just drunk and out of control " rather than talking about how men in the situation - particularly the one drugging drinks - if he were in fact drugging drinks , ' or taking clearly blacked out girls they had never met before home .
like seriously .
i just said it does n't happen and now you are saying that i do it ?
you are a fuckin nazi haha .
what a fuckin idiot , imagine that you have a mother who raised you to be like this ?
to attack americans on an american website .
you must be fuckin retarded if that is your response .
racist cunt martin laurance wow look at all these black people wtf are you doing here oh is that rude then wtf makes you think its not rude to all races u funny cunts everyone is gonna be killed by nazi social engeneering multicult satanic cult nwo shit fuckin retards im sick of it just fuck off leave people the fuck alone
can someone please inform fox news that white people do not need niggers spics or sand niggers to justify what is obvious to white people obeying law order civility virtue respect
whitecountries no longer exist a white country does not allow itself to be invaded whitepeopleawake must consolidate in order to survive whitegenocide rebuild and advance without the threat of der jude and it antiwhite allies you are in the middle of a racewar run by culturalmarxists that will not stopwhitegenocide
is this " jewish diatribe " your best effort ?
have a coffee and think out something better .
taxreform somebody wants you to keep killing arabs in the middle east and public opinion to support it but do nt worry one day you ll have the privilege that jews burn your house like they burned the houses of americans living in california californiafires
the jew is a servent of satan and has been for thousands of years .
this twisted race of freaks murdered the savior of the world danming themselves for all time .
there ancient sin shows in there hideous vintage .
even now at the end of the world they reject the blood of the lamb .
sane people reject antisemites , al qaida worshippers , black racists and green communists .
url
hey , we have just met but here 's the number !
so , auschwitz or dachau , maybe ?
whichever one you chose .
all the talks everyone gave to her made no difference and now she is paying the price .
historically speaking , the only time people have actually tried to cause meaningful change in america outside electoral bounds is when their regional identification superseded their national connection .
saunders   offers the phrases : " ( terms that , in mr. higgins ’s ideological circles , generally refer to jews and muslims ) . "
and    " moral and professional strength " .
the self righteous arrogant trump hating self identifying " progressives " always get around to the centrality of their narrative .
to wit that they are " professional"(read intelligent ) and " moral " vs. those who oppose them who by extension are " ill - informed"(read stupid ) and immoral .
and of course racist and xenophobic .
that this is always the case demonstrates the vacuity of their own moral position and depth of argument .
keenly creator confront warlock dyke
shoutout to the time when someone forked # ggautoblocker , made changes , and gamergate thought i did it because they did n't understand github .
is peaceful religion and apparently i found a lot of progressive muslim scholars which have suitable arguments and interpretation regarding how islam condemns lgbt here i do not wanna disclose what i have read and found but it so easy to see this lgbt phenomenon from humanity
< user > muslim twitter what is the hudud for stealing tweets
# hatespeech # homophobia far - right vice president of town council of vercelli posts incitement to murder against # lgbt on facebook url
why would they manufacture in alabama for the 70 % of the market outside the usa ?
patrick i am absolutely shocked   that you you did n't give tony a reward of any kind for his good deed .
as i was reading , the question in the back of my mind through the entire story was " i wonder how much he will give tony "
you are paranoid , media focuses on his blackness ( race ) articles from national post focus on jewish donors not happy with obama regarding un resolution on israel .
jewish donors very angry in the chicago area .
therefore complain about media giving attention to his racial make up and also take it up with np and chicago donors complaining .
thought police at work !
i accidentally k worded choerry roach
http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/health-and-fitness/health/how-a-fart-pill-could-potentially-do-wonders-for-human-health/article33923080/
what on earth is the matter with this country ?
seriously , what is wrong with canada ?
for crying out loud , anybody can write or draw or paint about anything they want .
if a chinese canadian wants to write a short story about a jewish family facing bigotry in 1920s montreal , go for it .
if an inuit poet wants to write a sonnet about wasp bankers on bay street , go for it .
if an irish canadian wants to carve totem pole figures out of pine logs , go for it .
i have zero patience for any of this " cultural appropriation " nonsense , and i put the phrase in quotation marks to emphasize that it is nonsense .
sorry , folks , but the rights of others to free speech ought not be trumped by your capacity to whine .
and that 's all it is , the phrase " cultural appropriation " , it is a whining term that ought properly be rendered powerless .
her inability to become pregnant has made her a very bitter person .
at one point you should just learn to be happy with what you have .
life goes on .
fuck i look like putting pressure on a nigga 🥴 you either gone do right or ya aint ✋ 🏾
theocrat bitch
jews are fucking ari ?
they have been fucking the rest of us for years
so if someone steals something from you , you should n't call the police and instead try to settle it outside of the law ?
some people do settle things face to face and it turns into shootings and other violence   .
look how it turned out for o.j. when he tried to get his stuff back outside of the law .
i do n't like to see the court system burned either but that 's what it 's there for .
it 's sad that because of his name you side with the person accused of theft , instead of the victim who got ripped off .
if mackey is such an adult ---why is he accused of stealing a fellow mushers gear --- and why on earth are you defending that theft ?
white nationalist ?
where did you get that nonsense from ?
obama was eagerly supported by jew - hating black nationalists .
where are rioting conservatives when obama was elected ?
were they in obama speech audiences grabbing at the guns of police officers to shoot at obama with them ?
where were they with rifles picking off democrats ?
please .
now running in the park , see how i masturbate on the bench slack al sharpton menhaz zaman york landing markham andrei vasilevskiy ontario michael irvin ground zero tawana brawley santino william legan circle k stephen romero rev al tiny desk concert reverend hates whites & cops url
looks like old man winter is here to stay i ’m loving it winter has always been my favorite season
good .
it 's about time russia and russians got their comeuppance for supporting anti - semitic and anti - israel motions at the un , thereby putting jews and israelis in the line of fire from inveterate international anti - semites who wish nothing more than the demise of jews and israelis .
atlanta and the gsu campus smells like feces at all times i fucking hate this city
i guess this must be the output of semi - declonised education ... an individual unemployable nearly , if he ever grows up !
i m glad ds is back on dailystormer top and no kike will ever hold our movement down
turkish kids in german schools have been laughing about the forced holocaust indoctrination for decades
and no zionist wishing them dead .
there once was a fellow named mike whose podcast was easy to like he offered respect and praises to kek but hid that he d married a kike
video games are kike influenced degeneracy are you going to suggest porn next rentfree in your head kike even nature is trying to warn you
pile of shit ny jew kike failure
rt if your account is a safe place for lgbtq members poc muslims women people from every nation
more supportive of the lgbtq+ community
why ca n't we get 1.5 million people to raid the immigration concentration camps url
@kenneth johnson you look like you eat food off your chest .
big hungry ass nigga
a commie jew like ( ( ( weintraub ) ) ) trying to restrict freedom of speech for the filthy goyim ?
i 'm shocked , i tell you , shocked !
but if nothing bad happened then hell i 'd even give up 20 years i still have to ask my dad what the hell was going on though
the guy in his twenties is a cunt .
you white arseholes including john have no idea what real work is .
the gay black dude in the mickey mouse t shirt is just as " soft" .
you arseholes are moaning about jobs that people here in africa would literally kill you for .
somebody tell @taysixo it 's thursday , we ai n't forgot about the visuals yhu said yhu was gone drop&#128514;&#128293;&#128293 ; ? ? ? ? ?
healthcare # haiku 

 government clinics 
 open from seven to five 
 but not for patience .
hey there faggot faggot kike jew nigger faggot kike jew nigger why you sub iq bruh ?
why u no develop your own stable and secure country without the evil and suppressive huwhite man ?
y r u gay ?
url
they are saying there were nigger vikings for fuck sake yup jews are rewriting our history to show us that niggers have always been with us pisses me off fucking jews
enjoy your new drama filled scandalous royalty england this is what happens when you take a ghetto < number > y o divorcee and try to make her a princess
i wonder how many people film themselves taking a poo and upload it to poo tube ?
shapiro being blamed for the mosque shooting can not say i give a fuck since he calls trump a racist every chance he gets as he wants arabs out of israel
thanks for the advice i 'll keep that on mind .
racist story .
why do you have that kike shit tavor
tighten the sanctions and do not negotiate with ragheads if you do nt want to get nuked by them .
perhaps dr who was right about having a tranny niggerette queen of england
< user > i wonder how the newspapers defined obvious racism as economic anxiety in germany as the nazis rose to power p
senile retarded democrat sounds about right
y'all , i 'm trying not to chew this white woman out for her unnecessary passive - aggressiveness at work , but * exhales* ... the struggle is real i swear , ww love using passive - aggressiveness as a tool to feel superior when they think they 're in positions of power over black people
how do you have a jewish orgy ?
stick your dick in the ash pile .
🤡 gas yourself not the jews
i wish i was a bad bitch < sad >
khan can suck the shit off the syphilitic dicks of his moslem pedo brothers uk cops can lick up the mess never rotherham rochdale rape jihad sharia creep islamo facism white genocide christiangenocide never islam 14 words
whether they are or are not is irrelevant .
why do n't you tell us how many steps it takes to reach the summit of mt. everest .
nice piece of trivia you are inclined to present to us .
i do it 'll just be cold by the overpowering vision of ghosts and deathmy shitty videogame friends :
i try to use gender neutral body part slurs like asshole .
steve bannon is the puppeteer that controls trump , he feels that he has been elected president , with his influence over trump , could be true .
let me quote from steve bannon ; " dick cheney , darth vader , satan , that 's power .
it only helps when they ( liberals ) get it wrong . "
also " scrap establishment republican party and start anew with trump 's movement . "
how about ; " we do n't believe there is a functional conservative party in this country and we certainly do n't think the republican is that . "
steve bannon belongs to the alt - right , he told his wife that he did not want his children going to school with jewish children .
the last quote from steve : " are there racist people involved in the alt - right ?
absolutely .
great that the jews lost !
e3 gamer girl missing for 24 hours , sleuthing finds she spent night at hotel with some tyrone(s )
yes !
hatred of the english is very real and it 's not going to get better any time soon .
it seems odd that alot of times there 's such a black and white concept for people pertaining to the will of man .
from some of the comments it would seem that canada 's historical behaviour towards , say east european , irish and jewish immigrants , should be copied here as well .
let 's not do the knee jerk conservative values thing again .
it does n't mean we have to be idiots , just not mean spirited psycho 's .
< user > < user > they sound like they are islamic
my only compromise for # daca is make # english official language and force all immigrants to learn it !
< user > coming from your position of power just mentioning it constitutes pressure you d understand that if you understood sexual harassment which you do not as your past history demonstrates you are by far the most ignorant person ever to serve in the white house case closed
on the contrary i have thought this through quite well .
that is why i know it wo n't work .
no , according to reality you will always get a democrat or a republican .
you will always be left with bad   guys and clowns .
gary johnson is a clown .
he 's a clown that 9 % agree with , but still a clown , no different than the other clowns running for office .
so again what do you expect to be different ?
how do you expect the third party 's accountability to the electorate be any different than the main parties ?
the platform is irrelevant .
because no matter what the party 's platform is , if it is different than the democrats or the republicans it will be narrower to those and appeal to a narrower number of constituents , ( like libertarians ) which will mean it will garner less political power .
so what do you expect to be different ?
this time show me how you thought this out .
the gook hooker gets lots of shekels from heebs
nobody realizes that hitler cured cancer he was just killing the disease why everybody has to be so mean ?
what 's the difference between a jew and a bar of soap ?
soap does n't turn to ashes in a couple of minutes .
dershowitz is a loud mouthed hook nosed jew scum who is loyal to israheil .
we can only hope that the brain cancer spreads quickly .
memes calling non jews the vicitms of the jew did nt exist a year ago people are beginning to understand the many ways that we are the victims of the jews jew are not the victims we are victims of jewish infiltration
and when he does what do you want to bet the citizens of denver will blame president trump and not hancock ?
@courtneyaydenn well sis took basically her whole career from black artists so it 's okay
america is a country full of degenerates .
< user > < number > bank islam
" i 'd like to hear and understand what voters saw or heard in his message " 

 you would have to sink to a 5th grade mentality to understand them .
the mistake democrats made was to " go high when they ( went ) low . "
nice kumbaya thinking .
but not effective .
trumps ' followers understand going low and we should have a tookset they would have understood and spelled it out for them .
in the next 4 years ... democrats need to go " low " to have any effect or gain any power .
this is all little white men and their women who want to make them feel bigger understand .
the peanut butter was not as important as the time machine used to go back and teach the ancient incans how to make it .
< user > the muslim tribal war is not between tribes it is between sects of islam that of course cross tribal lines for pete sake i would estimate that < number > of all attacks are from sunni muslim against shias against sufis agnst all other sects it arabs who demand supremacy
i 'm interested - know of any decent retailers for vintage watches ?
< user > why does this elitist privileged white speaker insist on giving to the chinese who and not to us americans
< user > you are getting raped
reasons to be a dancer : got your hands full ?
causally developé and turn off the light switch with your wonderful toes
you simply can not underestimate the stupidity of some people .
and again , replace muslim with jew , and both sides flip .
all you so called jewish people and asians you actually white supremes
how y all niggas find out she was cheating lmaoo
i am posting everything via gab so it officially not on twitter < user > ‍ therefore you have no reason to shut down and censor my account again for exposing truth and historical facts about the violent ideology of islam
company recalls chinese ginger candy because it 's also flavored with lead | candy , ginger , company - top stories - asians put lead in ginger flavored candy .
good idea(s )   towards getting some kind of enthusiasm up for voting .
main thing is local people allowed the space to admit , " i dunno ? "
then impart some education to make ' um feel more smaht . (
suggestion - in email state the day along w/"tomorrow " since emails can be sent any time )
women overall pattern indicates that they want patriarchies that why they want refugees here since whites gave up ours
benjamin netanyahu will love trump .
they have likely met before because for years netanyahu worked the american media for the israeli government .
lived there .
tv shows like face the nation and meet the press .
many things like that are done in new york city - trump 's hometown .
large jewish community there .
i found netanyahu 's american accent to be obnoxious because he was n't american .
like a double - agent in a spy film .
as we stagger into disaster , i think americans will start thinking the same thing because of the the swagger in his step .
macho man .
i truly do n't think a lot of people know this , but israel borders syria - the land that has been savaged by its own leader and his opponents .
israel has has fought battle with syria itself and i fear it may dip its wick in that disaster - zone again .
and do n't forget the russians .
dirty , corrupt   russians .
and , the seemingly " do anything " donald trump .
disaster film - likely with some funny moments .
but a disaster .
< user > this excuse for a man that he is because he can not be a man is propangadizing the great people of color to violence against white including females such an embarrassment
... and managed to do it all without learning french .
what a towering intellect !
what a people person !
nothing better than a hairy ass in a jock 🔥 🔥 .
see me spread my cheeks in the jock on url and url # nastypig # hairyass # gaymuscle # queer url
so if everyone hates white people , why do males of every nationality love white women with blonde hair ?

which says more about you than about them ...
from a comment at sailors via unz 

 if donald trump successfully puts a stop to this cultural rot then , rather than the populist agitator that he is currently portrayed as being , history will remember him as a plutocratic hero – a far - sighted ( and fairly underlyingly conventional ) member of the elite
it appears that participation in outdoor recreation is proportional to the population except on ghetto basketball courts what with that
it seems that jeff flake cares more about low skilled immigrants than he does about low skilled american citizens who elected him as their senator republican voters in arizona should not repeat their mistake again
ugly bitch
when you want to give a ' religious ' advice to your fellow brother / sister be nice about it !
there 's a way to convey it without being rude .
the nazis were not a western phenomenon they were a reality based collective response to the recognition the jews were attacking us as a team and planned for all our nations the murderous misery they first accomplished in the ussr
i am not disagreeing with your version but do not you think that backing off of jewz mudslimes looks awfully suspicious in light of what going on today i do
hitler was n't all bad - some jews were not exterminated .
conservative idiot .
we 're the russians when you need them
disarming us for the crown corporation to continue ... thanks jews and thank you jew freemasonry ... i ca nt wait to be executed when th un army invades our disarmed nation ...
i have been through recessions in 1980s , 1990s , 2000s and 2008 .
i do n't think " please god lets not have another recession in the next 20 years " is a good strategy .
got us trudeau did n't it ?
good for you , nobody cares go play racial politics elsewhere
< user > so ppl do not go to church bc i said wearing blue jeans were ghetto not because your great aunt billie mae asked your dyke ass to wear a dress or to stop holding your boyfriend hand on the first pew bc of jeans akskksk i am tired
all jews need to be barred from holding public office outside of the horseshit sand nigger state of israel the kikes can go live with the palestinians only white males who are pro gun and pro free speech and anti illegal alien should hold office in the usa canada australia and europe
yes , really .
it 's no secret that hitler and the nazis scapegoated jews , created propaganda about jews and capitalized on anti - semitic sentiment that had existed for generations .
trump has taken the same road with " illegals " , particularly mexicans , whom he labeled criminals and " rapists " .
and in trump 's campaign , this ill - will extended to all people of color , including american citizens .
hello , he was endorsed by the kkk .
biggest inspiration rn is @russdiemon hands down .
goes to show how far being yourself can get you .
☝
what 's the difference between a jew and a boy scout ?
the boy scout comes back from his camp .
cultural appropriation joins racism sexism lookism privilege islamophobia ableism and probably a half dozen other culture crimes that only white people can be charged with
ghostofjonnybeeskiredux , 

 i used this commandment because we take god 's word and immediately interpret it to " thou shall not kill human beings " even though it 's a general commandment .
animals are living creatures from god too and respect is a christian value .
we should respect the lives of other living beings .
the lord himself did prescribe animal sacrifices but for god , not for his own nourishment .
either way , we are in a different time now .
we do n't , at least as christians we do n't , do animal sacrifices .
we do n't have to mistreat animals just because there is no commandment against it .
also , the bible should n't be taken literally .
just because there were animal sacrifices back then , does n't mean there should be now .
we are luckily in a better time now where we could take responsibility and action to protect all forms of life , human or animals .
and it is n't my area code , it 's just a number i like hahaha
good for you , nobody cares go play racial politics elsewhere
@_burgesspt cause southern guys suck lol
jews declare war on poland only because everyone there knows the death camps were hotels disquised as camps were jews spent the entire war laughing at the naive goyim that died only so that they could create israel ↓
apples do nt fall far from the basket of deplorables .
# nfl wire : rays dfa nick franklin despite hot spring , making 2014 david price trade look … https://t.co/z1ojxg61ht https://t.co/hegn4pqk42
i hope the voters overturn this tax .
the democrats have to learn the people or not piggy banks for their cadilac healthcare plans , high government worker wages , government worker define retirement plans , healthcare and schools for the invaders .
bet ?
nope .
but i served under sen sullivan and i hope he avoids anything pro - trump as opposed to anti - democrat candidates and agendas .
where do you send an adhd jew a concentration camp
combine that with the opioid epidemic and other drug uses and it 's truly frightening .
not to mention the costs associated with it .
trump is right .. all immigrants who arrived after 1492 should go home ! !
# tuckerhighlights 1/9/18 : 

 ☠ swamp wins : trump will sign any version of daca , rinos & dems put out 
 ☠ trump turns so far left , lindsey graham finds himself on trump 's right 
 -corporate tyranny : damore 's lawsuit exposes goolag 's stalinist tendencies 
 -fusion gps : fbi worked with dems in 2016 against trump
i 'm too lazy to reread , did he say ' teacher ` ` or '' teacher 's asst . " ?
as a tourist in old town in krakow poland i see lots of whites some asians no black or muslims lots of talk about jews though
i drive around and there is road work everywhere .
sure some like muldoon overpass is needed , but re - paving in eagle river and new sidewalks on what i believe is boniface ( could be wrong ) etc etc .
money is still spent by some departments like there is no tomorrow
there is no being without non being and there is neither without becoming .
wisconsin voter my brother died of an opioid overdose how can you fix that paul nehlen it okay to be white wisconsin voter ok but i am about to lose my job the factory is moving overseas can you stop that paul nehlen did you know jews control the porn industry
this article is flat out wrong .
the writer chose to use conjectures , doomsday scenarios and lies to try to convey his opposition to what has been a way of life in the gulf of mexico without   dooming wildlife or commercial fishing .
in fact , the presence of offshore structures has actually resulted in a net increase of the sports fishing activity .
" that 's right goy go die for israel and take down some dark people while you 're at it " -@repcohen url
they 've already personally killed 6 gorillion nude faggots with cattle car rollercoasters into gas shower ovens .
what s the difference between jews and santa clause ?
people like santa
the real issue is not whether they want them deported but rather whether they want the government to take action to prevent this from happening .
i would predict there would be over 90 % in favour of that .
no , do n't die they have to kill you 100 times more our martyr 's blood will be the oil to burn zionists   fuck zionism   long live palestine url
uss macon flying over new york city , summer , 1933 https://t.co/mzo7ph8uy0 # sharepict # photo # places # travel
diversity is our greatest weakness
as another election season draws to a close i am reminded of just how bitter and ugly some liberals truly are i still get so much more grief for being conservative than being gay i have also been blessed and found queers unwilling to remain loyal to the democrat plantation homo con
feed him to a python and then tell the detective interviewing me in the store that i have no idea where he went ... but heard he 'd knocked over a salvation army santa claus .
escape from the ghetto of grievance culture and permanent victimhood take the green pill and croak your free speech on gab
do your jewish friends know that you " like " online comments that say that " the zionists " control canada ?
come on cunt surely you can dig deep into that insult gab handbook and call me a kike again old man hahaahah
so if a fellow white man rapes my daughter or kills my brother i should let it go because he is white ?
mayor & protesters get in touch with reality , suggest you read the order entirely , i have , bottom line these 7 nations harbor & support isis members .
why are these muslim immigrants seeking refuge in jewish & christian nations vs other islamic countries , inalienable human rights .
saudi , kuwait , qatar , bahrain etc .
are not accepting them due to fear of terrorism , effects tourism , expense & costs .
with 911 and the following 50 based islamic acts in the u.s. we have lost close to 4,000 innocents .
those with pre - approved visas & green cards are and will be coming in .
give the plan sometime to work and get fine tuned .
we will not gamble with american lives
i wish someone would post a picture of this thriving business .
wow .
jews really do get blamed for everything .
benning on for 3 lak goals .
nurse on for all 5 5v5 lak goals and all i 'm hearing and reading is how bad benning was .
they were both bad .
why are jews always fat ?
they ca n't bear to lose a few pounds
this captivating natural color view of the planet saturn was created from images collected shortly after cassini began its extended equinox mission in july 2008 .
happy to see that the new twitter trend is roasting sapiosexuals bc my straight mormon roommate claimed that shit all the time and as a queer woman who actually faced discrimination for my sexuality i hated it and also she was a bitch
only atheists care about life , religious nuts only cares about their own life to the point where almost all wars have been due to one religion proving superiority over another .
and it 's still happening .....
there is no such thing as state or federal funding .
it is all taxpayer funding .
thinking about it that way makes you more responsible about how you spend it .
wasterwater is made up of mostly water in fact 99.9 % .
how many jewish babies does it take to paint a concentration camp ?
depends on how hard you throw them .
i think that is   distinction without a real difference .
my sex life is like terrorism .
uncalled for , and sometimes blows up in your face .
everything ages islam is just late the way i see it they are just at that age remember how the church was < number > years ago the plague that fluorished because people thought the devil was using black cats to bewitch people into sickness
ok y' all it 's pride month and i do n't know who needs to see this but :   being bisexual is not a greedy choice and men can be bisexual as well .
... and this woman 's scope was talking about idols and such and how her idol was janis joplin after that i just left the scope right away ...
eliminate the high three concept in about to retire government employees and redirect the funds to   homeless people .
" i 'm angry .
i 've had enough of these people .
they 're a bunch of christian murdering scum running giant death factories , keeping babies alive , and selling their body parts .
what more do you need to know about these people ?
i go out and face these scum .
they literally crawl out from under rocks .
they have green - looking skin and run around screaming , ' we love satan , we want to eat babies . ' "
randomly fucking get anxiety attacks and it is worrying me .
" chirambadare gets unfair stick .
his errors r overblown yet guys like parker get away with more serious " " crimes " " @robertmarawa @supersporttv "
i saw it on tv .
i think it was abc , but they showed it only once , one afternoon , last year .
but only once , and not that evening .
i can only assume the uproar got it yanked .
but do n't get muslims wrong .
there are only two kinds ,   shiite and sunni .
each think the other infidel and worthy only of death .
so whoopee , they want to kill our potus , he must have been the wrong kind of muslim .
so to point out that half the muslim population tried to kill him proves only my point , not yours .
i voted obama the first term , but after seeing him sell america down the river , i did n't again .
and believe me , if i had that tape on file , i would share it .
/u / frompaintoglory inadvertently shines a light on an overlooked and joked about problem young boys face while going through school .
@sailor_shatter yes .
do that .
plus san antonio is a good place to drink and party , even though it 's a dirt town .
but austin is right there .
i hate fags because of this shit .
nazis were happy people , they took life lightly .
especially if it was n't their own .
fake o bendover ghetto mouse
the guy who it 's named after went all the way east to indonesia .
all along the way , raping , pillaging , subjugating muslim and non - muslim alike .
probably upwards of 10 - 12 million killed .
of course that was waaaaayyy back when , but still , muslims have killed more muslims than any christian , jew or what have you than the us has .
@mrelpoderozo1 no your racist because you use random acts of shittyness to paint all black people like a monolith .
you 're not a realist just a try hard .
you can have your site on odins rage but host your picture and zip files somewhere else like geocities.com , cause odins rage does nt give much room .
season < number > of 90 day fiance i have feelings about this seemingly cute couple danny white pa and amy biracial south africa
that 's very well said and on a theoretical level , very accurate .
the reality is that most citizens vote more by emotion than any other factor and mostly believe that what they want is also the " right " thing .
having been in politics for more than 50 years , both staff and elected , i 've experienced the cultural shift from fair compromise to winner take all .
it occurred sometime after reagan - o'neill , but i ca n't pinpoint it exactly .
until each side is willing to give a little , the anger , protests , and violence will continue .
u are right about this generation 's politicians , although i suspect there are many who would behave as you wisely suggest , but for now they 'd be voted out .
" hanging around ken 's neck , on a metallic silver thread , is what ten out of ten * * fags * * will tell you at a glance is a cock ring . "
i could n't believe the casual use of that term until i realized the article was written in 1993 .
different times , i suppose .
< number > it my birthday this month the supreme court is also hearing an important case starting < number > < number > re if someone can be fired for being lgbtq please do something nice for the queer folx in your life do not have any block and report homophobes on twitter there are plenty
save your change or eat pork and beans one night instead of going out , and give the money to a white mother .
photo crawling infant reaching out
did not obama expel russian diplomats as well the us is < number > trillion dollars in debt it can not afford another war the jews are desperate their time is coming
" goes in front of jj " ethan pulls out the n word pass : jj wuz good my nigga ?
jj : starts making the rape face " ethan starts sweating "
well put sir .
or ma'am .
and ... these are probably birds from the same flock who still think of ' jews ' as a race .
this reads like every single " toxic masculinity " blog post i 've seen
dave , mahalo for the 42 years of consistently exciting volleyball .
the others sports have had their ups and downs , but wahine volleyball has always been not only competitive but dominating .
the greatest testament to your coaching is the excellence that you brought out in all your players .
you made them better .
better players .
better students .
better people .
and in the process , you made hawaii fans better , too .
the aura , the tradition , the culture , the history of wahine volleyball is all dave shoji .
it begins and ends with humility , and in between is tenacity , heart , pride , courage , humor , loyalty , and genuine aloha .
you never lost sight of what 's really important in your pursuit of excellence on the court .
in the end , it 's been about people , and in this regard no other coach on this planet is even close .
robyn , angelica , ashley , and all your current and former players and assistants are your legacy .
enjoy your retirement and stay healthy !
aloha ' oe .
gwyneth palthrow is gay and so is every other character on this show chefs kiss
they all took a a filthy kike raping selling their sexual and moral soul for money and fame you do not get to take it with you filthy shiksas when you die
yes world need another zhid holocaust this time not < number > million but < number > that infecting countries
many people , including straight people , boycotted the business .
and after they lost the lawsuits , they stopped making wedding cakes all together ... which is the only legal remedy they can do without shutting down their entire business .
now instead of only making wedding cakes for people who they believe deserve them , they decided to stop making them all together .
good .
a jew and a christian .
< repeat > a jew walks up to hitlers grave with a christian .
the jew then spits on hitlers grave the christian said " why did you spit on him ?
the jew said " he killed half of my religion " the christian then spits on the grave the jew said"why did you spit ? "
the christian said " because he did n't finish the job " .
the white supremacist , kkk and nazis were not there to protest the removal of the statue .
i do n't recall robert e. lee or the civil war involving jews , as in the " we wo n't be replaced by jews " and other related epithets shouted by by the " protesters " of statue removal .
lets not forget the $ 10.5 million payment to omar khadar .
as usual , you have it backwards .
ca n't be called chief anymore !
sorry that i 'm out of the loop , but can someone please explain what 's going on with " matress girl " and why it 's popping up everywhere ?
reorganizing my kitchen bc it 's giving me a fucking headache :)
if you 're " axing the questions " about something as complex as banking regulations , then i 'm pretty sure you 're not in a position to actually understand them .
that 's not a " feint " insult ; it 's less intended to distract as it is to point out a fact that semi - literate sentence structure does n't lend credence to intellectual superiority in an online debate when it comes to a complex issue like banking regulations .
headline is " protesters march " .
do n't you mean " riot " ?
no wonder so many are are tired of msm .
week 2 power of veto players where selected paul , alex , josh , ramses , elena , and matt # bb19
after removing islam wrongfully protected status by the freedom of religionsue the federal government again giving money to refugees is embezzlement and cronism at the same time stealing money from the fed gov giving it to your friends
that a nifty little reversal of scripture pretty sure there are not a bunch of nazi lodges importing refugees for < number > shekels of state silver catholic churches though remove the speck of ash from thy brother eye first and then thou wilt see clearly to remove the somalian turd from thine
why i am boycotting thor ragnarok disgusted by the nigger portrayal of heimdal first two movies affront by the japanese director having a sheboon playing a valkerie white women that take the warriors slain on the battlefield to valhalla claiming most suitable actress < number > of < number >
adoption by gay parents is not allowed .
trans people being judged by other folks on their own self assertion and needing to be certified .
gay relationships not solemnised .
same and equal benefits for non cis folks and non straight couples .
as always ivanka is a low brow hypocrite .
1 .
her father courted the alt - right " white nationalist " movement ( bannon , breitbart etc . )
and continues to count them as worthy members of his coalition .
2 .
her husband and herself are actively exploiting daddy trump 's position to their advantage .
3 .
so she is mad about anti - semitism but should we infer from her silence that the anti - mexican , black , muslim , trans rhetoric is ok with her ? ?
4 .
this issue is not whether daddy or daughter trump personally have animus to jewish people .
what matters is that trump 's movement embraces , encourages and relies upon the extreme bigot vote , and has purposefully done so since the beginning .
half heatedly crying foul now is mealy mouthed hypocrisy .
what does the w in africa stand for ?
water
yep it in the genes trashy diane shagging a raghead now her son hooked up with a mud time to abolish royals when qeii moves on they are such chavvy trailer trash prince harry
you are pretty ignorant of what 's going on if you think this is about protecting white people .
see my other posts on this article citing why affirmative action is bad for asians and jews .
and i 'm up because i work 2nd shift and i was watching a documentary that scared me and i ca n't sleep because i keep panicking .
but anyway
i ' m not racist some of my best soaps are jews .
greater toronto alone has half the area of belgium .
a jewish nazi ?
a rare bird indeed .
i 'm waiting for the scotus to review the case of where a gay couple or jewish couple go into a muslim bakery and get refused a wedding cake .
so far , no one has been suicidal enough to try .
i was always under the impression that there was always more women in the world than men .
could n't agree more with your last sentence , elagabalus .
i recently attended roman catholic services out of state .
the homily should have been about love , but it was a hate - filled political rant against liberals .
hate for gays , hate for aborters , even hate for his " sick " seminary ( this is scary . )
he revealed his soul .
he ca n't be bridegroom to the church while the love between men is in the open .
i have never heard such concentrated hatred .
i felt pity for all the young catholics in attendance .
this is happening all across the united states .
i also ca n't stop thinking of all the young who become homeless when their new world 's understanding conflicts with their parent 's & priest 's worldview .
did he just say that unaborted baby could grow up and bring peace to the middle fuck'n east ?
🤦
what dose a pot head and a jew have in common there better when their baked
people need to understand what taqiyya is .
they need to understand the subtleties .
they need to know it is islamic moral code to do whatever it takes to achieve msulim 's ultimate domination of the world , which necessarily condems to death , all who do not embrace muhammed as the true prophet of god .
death to jews , christians , buddhists , and even the wrong kind of muslim !
( sunni - shitte ) they are taught the importance of melding in wherever they are when greatly outnumbered , and patience until they outnumber .
and then drop the hammer .
so i can guarantee you muslims in america are going to be friendly , helpful and pleasant , but i also hear they are the fastest growing population , or at least fast .
so enjoy their friendship while you can , but do n't forget , in their eyes you are merely an infidel , worthy only of death .
your comments show that you are not aware of what the armed forces going though with budget cuts , resulting in loss of personnel and equipment .
the armed forces is trying to do more with less and this means cuts in personnel and hawaii is vulnerable to such cuts because of its high cost of living .
forces from hawaii are being cut and withdrawn to other areas where it is cheaper to house and maintain the force but still maintain our ability to defend against enemy aggression here in the pacific .
over the years the military has poured millions of dollars into our economy but now there is a real possibility that this will likely change reducing military spending in our state , hence , adversely affecting our economy.-
< user > mine does not like me to do it in public tbf i am shameless i will absent mindedly swear in front of children whoops my personal best though was when i got called out by a fellow firefighter bill you know this is a fucking firestation right 🤣
if you eat # halal # halalmeat i really hope you choke .
remember when you are laughing at this that someday your kids will be laughing at a picture of you dressed in whatever clothes you are wearing now .... especially if they are the current fashion ! :)
& # 128514;&#128514 ; that 's some real hood shit , i 'll never forget heading out wit my niggas & amp ; realizing that someone stole his gas cap
sell guns to anybody but white men .
thanks
america 's version of the roundup of german jews by the jack - booted brown shirts in the 1940s has begun .
there wo n't be a good ending to this white power charade .
congrats , faggot !
gtfo
what starts with h , ends with t , and enables me to love ?
the holocaust
something seems all wrong about this whole thing — should not there be some retard screaming about how there culture is not her goddamn wedding dress 😂 royalwedding meghanandharry
trash and gay .
what do you call an jew with a gas tank a do - it - yourself
there are fascists in america .
you find them on college campuses telling conservative students and speakers they are n't welcome and then rioting and attacking conservatives if they dare oppose their oppression .
you find them in news networks telling the public only one party is worthy of their support and the other side collaborates with america 's rivals .
and now you find them in canadian government telling us what we can say and what we ca n't and to the kangaroo courts with us if we dare call a spade , a spade and not conform to other 's mental illnesses and delusions .
there are fascists , you just happen to be part of them this time around .
really , how many times do the jews have to tell you they hate you before you believe them ?
north , your comparison to the apollo program and comment on the british government finding the cheapest supplier for canned food reminds me of that famous quote from astronaut alan shepard : 

 " it 's a very sobering feeling to be up in space and realize that one 's safety factor was determined by the lowest bidder on a government contract . "
augie , i do n't know if you truly comprehended the article , but this athlete is a boy who wants to be a girl .
thus making it an unfair advantage to all the girls of region v ( my region ) .
so i know what i 'm talking about .
@berozgar_er @brumbyoz nope , rawan kaala tha :) as per them , they do n't like dark skinned people .
togadia , bhagwat etc are white !
i can not disagree there however to justify avoiding vietnam a large swath of boomers absorbed the toxic critical theory marxism their kike professors were pushing then spent their lives assisting the kike takeover a senior class prank of burning down the high school
today 's pub dessert : malteaser pavlova & amp ; oh my god it was divine & # 128525;&#128588;&#127995 ; # food https://t.co/q3wk6fk0q1
@petebyron1 @realdonaldtrump when is the blood lust of vengeance going to leave ?
millions is n't good enough ?
you want all 1.3 billion millions blown up ?
it 's been two decades since 9/11 !
stop it !
religion litterly wants to murder the world and everyone in it so jesus/ god will make them his special creations
.@38fanda not even slightly ...
thank you .
my mother was beautiful .
all of dad 's wives have been beautiful , but l feel blessed to favor my mother .
how can you be too dark to be white ?
does he have tanned skin ?
i thought white people wanted tan skin on purpose .
they judge him for a natural tan ?
that is strange to me .
many girls at school ask me where l go to tan .
i do not tan .
i apply tons of sunscreen so that my face and hands do not tan more .
i would look strange when l am at home and not covered .
fake president and fake republican party 
 when their done the democrats will just have to re - install it .
< user > < user > jsjsjsj i mean you are saying you do not care about kim cause you do not care about pop but it not just pop it faggot pop with elements of techno and a big appreciation for poppers and being spooky which are things u care abt specially the spooks
if there is a point where you 're so sleep - deprived that it 's dangerous to be out in the workforce , i am there .
it is me .
oh , but according to them , everyone who is n't white and heterosexual is a degenerate !
this is n't the holocaust , but they ought to start taking some pointers from the germans .
they should start shipping out these fuckers on freight trains on a biweekly basis .
if you eat # halal # halalmeat i really hope you choke .
god 's curse on women was to make their childbirth painful .
god 's curse on men was to make their g - spot up the ass , and make it a sin to use it .
america always was and always will be a white mans land all the jews and mud must leave or be forced out
when u have a real bond w someone it 's not easy to stop fw them .
u deal with a lot of their stuff bc u want them in ur life .
nobody who knows jews likes jews even jews hate jews
i 'm not surprised .
is he even gay ?
i mean , we have to take his word for it .
and does he have a jewish grandmother , or is that fiction ?
he is so full of hate for women , gays , jews , muslims , liberals , blacks , and others , that it did n't make sense that he claimed to be gay and part - jewish .
now , pedophile makes sense .
the alt - right often confuse pedophilia with homosexuality when they are , in fact , unrelated .
was milo abused at 13 ?
that would make sense .
but then he should be in therapy and not lashing out .
then again , that 's the cycle of abuse .
the abused becomes the abuser .
milo thinks he 's being strong by spewing hatred of women , gays , jews , muslims , blacks and others .
he 's just compensating for his own lack of self - worth .
we sound stupid when we talk ghetto remember white women calling jewelry bling it was embarrassing to hear my favorite is white guys wearing their pants below their asses whoever told them this was cool
start making more money weekly .
this is a valuable part time work for everyone .
the best part work from comfort of your house and get paid from $ 100-$2k each week .
start today and have your first cash at the end of this week .
for more details check this link …… 
 for more details visit at = = = = = > ­­w­w­w­.­9­e­a­­s­y­-­j­o­­b­s­.­c­­o­m­­ᴵᴵᴵᴵᴵᴵᴵᴵ
@ilhanmn * unless they are jewish , then my buddies in hamas can kill them .
yes , all jews can sleep tight knowing that the new american president received endorsements from both david duke and louis farrakhan .
the incidents of hate crimes - with people sporting the nazi insignia and bomb threats directed at jewish institutions , come from trump 's base .
he is the only president in our history to receive an endorsement from the kkk .
yeah , all jews feel so much better .
is everyone really fucking annoying or is it just me ?
this wo n't be that big of a story because a male got sexually assaulted .
for guerilla warfafe events like lasvegasshooting is why many jews seek fame posing as conservatives on twitter and in radio shows so they can feed their followers all kinds of false talking points away from the truth after their attacks
ramazan has always proved a blessing for pakistan .
27th ramazan when pakistan came into existence 😍 😍 🇵 🇰 🇵 🇰 💚 💚 # تحفہ_رمضان_پیارا_پاکستان
< user > bollywood movies cheese naan and violently abusing immigrants
tighten the sanctions and do not negotiate with ragheads if you do nt want to get nuked by them .
4 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/ybovvb7jeq
i ca n't make it to class on account of this fucking rain
plenty of gay men that would stomp this bitch into a new dimension .
weak as piss mouthy cunt .
guy should have got put the car and fixed this guys issue 👊
god 's curse on women was to make their childbirth painful .
god 's curse on men was to make their g - spot up the ass , and make it a sin to use it .
not the squad !
islamic fascist jihadis , u.s. enemy combatants .
immoral , bigots , haters , anti american , linked to hamas , hezbollah , cair , muslim brotherhood , isis , syrian rebels , antifa , cause of horrific suffering worldwide .
wtf are they doing on u.s. soil in our gov't ?
assassinate .
people do nt feel comfortable telling blacks hispanics that they are acting black hispanic because they will be admonished at best or assaulted at worst whites and asians just bend over and take it though when people insult them as acting white asian whites and asians rarely defend themselves
are you trying to suggest that one person is representative of the views and positions of the left ?
thanks for the laugh .
also , learn something about black identity christianity , maybe have some black friends you 're close enough with to regularly have dinner in their homes , then you might be able to make an intelligent comment about wright .
the short of it is , bombastic comments are used to motivate people to overcome and succeed .
every black kid growing up had an uncle , grandfather , or pastor , who made such bombastic statements as a means to motivate them .
see , you can choose to try to understand people who are different than you , or you can use misunderstanding and ignorance to try to score political points .
but which you choose reveals your own character .
a flower does not love you or hate you it just exists – mike white fumiyasankai forytffjapan < user >
god damn i hate that self entitled spoiled bullshit & # 128528 ;
fuck em !
have n't showered in 45 day ?
they should have stayed the fuck out of my country !
i am a metro kc resident none of this is on any < number > of kc media stations i also got my bachelors from umkc and was the mascot umkc is in the ghetto anyway would not be surprised if there more of this
fuck her right in the pussy !
wah ha ! !
i 'm no fan of trudeau but there is absolutely nothing to see here folks ... 

 just a couple of cry babies   looking for attention ...
" when i go on maury , i want all my friend me cutting up saying " " dass right sis , he know he that baby papi , yup , he lying , he know it " " & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514;&#129335;&#127998;‍ ♀ ️ "
oy vey we have to help the minorities because they can not achieve anything especially if you know that native americans made peanut butter before jews brought blacks to the us einstein stole relativity from an italian
the saddest part is the dems spent $ 23 million trying to buy an election and still failed miserably .
when are they going to realize that their rhetoric of anger and hate is not going to work ?
rent control aka the lltb is a big problem that should be fixed .
many people do not want to become a ll under the current system .
why ?
very simple : it is too easy to get burned with a rental .
a tenant can decide not to pay and the ll has big head ache to get them out and will lose 3 - 4 months of rent .
so , that is why there is a shortage of rental properties and why rent is so high .
imagine if you have to evict someone from your own house with you living on the first floor and the tenant in the basement ?
needless to say you need to be crazy to sign up such a deal under the current laws .
if it was easy and secure to be a ll then many more people would do it as a business opportunity and rent prices would go down !
so , what wynee has done is pushing prices up even more .
what 's the difference between a fat jew and a lean jew ?
the fat jew burns longer .
waiting to get released from the emergency room ran test nothing show up but they know something wrong need go see a specialist
what does spongebob getting cancelled and the halocaust have in common ?
neither of them ever happened
< user > < user > whya about hindu sikhs jain refugees why only muslim refugees will not be allowed to stay
you forgot nazi uniforms .
shame on sjws to not let that uniform be used .
offensive jokes ( nazi jokes and holocaust jokes )
< user > why did 3 v3 rep get raped l
happy # pridemonth .
a necessary reminder for all allies to continually and consistently stand against bigotry and in solidarity with the # lgbt+ community url
no , of course not .
most religious folk are quite open to your decision , and would likely be more than happy to pray for you , if they do n't already .
i 'm atheist , my mom a christian .
she prays for me , and i 'm okay with that .
the mainstream jewish organizations were trying to kiss british ass .
what happens when popeye 's runs out of chicken youtube - popeyes freakout ( ghetto vers .
it 's no big deal being biracial .
i have 5 biracial grandchildren ( hispanic / caucasian .
as a caucasian grandmother , when i look at my grandchildren i see my grandchildren , not a race .
if my grandchildren were african - american / caucasian i would only see my grandchildren , not a race .
canada should pay the compensation .
khadr should also pay his , per court 's decision .
sure , the earth is flat , putin is a new ally of the usa , and " it never rains in autzen stadium " .
while zionism makes sense to me in the sense that jews should be in their own country , when you see people like bannon rush to speak to that crowd , it 's very easy to assume that agenda is one americans will be stuck paying for yet again .
lets give some incel answers •a man with money that does n't make me have sex with him .
•a man with good dick game that gives good head , and lets me have a sugar daddy
lol we all know < user > ‍ likes working with jews it has nothing to do with racism just kike nepotism real high in group preference pretending to have moral authority that right there is the reason hell it not like aa works for the idf and fires indiscriminately at crowds goyim
the message is the system is not the problem ,   fptp is not the problem .
the problem is politicians .
the problem is political inability to find middle ground .
the problem is how the politicians work , not who they are .
the message does not say pr is the choice , you can spin it that way if you like .
this report says fptp , the status quo , is just fine , make it work by working together instead of constant political standoffs .
marvel or dc tried this with their superheroes created sjw feminazi characters and it was a complete bomb they canned the project it seems sjw feminazis did not purchase them anyone else with < number > < number > a brain would not touch them
with a high purchasing currency youth could buy more stuff find a girlfriend buy a house and keep the economy going jews will put all humanity in deathcamps and slave factories if humnaity does nt unite agains the jews and their racism against all mankind
i ca n't speak on behalf of trans people , but i know that i 've never felt uncomfortable with being in my body or with the organs i have , meaning my gender and my sex happen to be the same .
what i 've learned is that for trans people , it does n't feel like that - some may feel like they are in the " wrong " body to such a degree that it is causing real suffering .
i suppose it 'd be like if everyone in the world started calling me a woman .
i know i 'm not , and i 've never felt that way , but it would be really hard to explain that feeling to people .
today two terrorist attacks with machete in buckinham palace and bruselles but in america the free media doesn ´ t say a thing but trump nazi hate speech white supremacist and even call the terrorism just a copycat of charlottesville violence that ´ why we need new medias and free speech
cuban women , that 's it that 's the tweet
broke jews control the world woke russia is funding the alt right and jared taylor richard spencer and generation identity are foot soldiers for a global russian nazi movement boomerlivesdontmatter
baking was your major in college ?
our führer has the perfect job for you .
we cannot go around giving special rights to those that believe they are entitled to them at the expense of others .
i demand my rights be protected and   i am a white straight christian woman who believes that i have as much rights as i have always know to have url
@shanaya36450575 @netflixindia @actor_siddharth change the flags to green and arabic named god see them getting beheaded like charlie hebdo
ugh these fake nerd guys that do n't even know who wonder woman is .
well re ' my statement ' being false- coming from the left who is 0 for 3 on calling stuff correctly ... obviously   i instantly hit the mental " ignore " button - 

 - cheers ! ! !
actually feel sick .
cruel fucking bitch want to rag her fat clapped forehead around url
@amandafuriasse @atomiccabaret so seeing women on here , and seeing poc and woc and esp black and indigenous women celebrate milestones or support missing goals or failing forward , that all helps break through systems and reframe who academics are , who belongs in stem
junhoe showing off her songwriting skills tho like let us get that promo luv bcs yg wo nt do that for you 💅
this is certainly true , according to st. paul .
thus we find no condemnation of the romans for executing christians who violated roman law by following their banned religion , while we must condemn those who violated the laws of the land in the 1940s by harboring jews and others in violation of the laws of the lands .
or perhaps this is an overly simplistic view underpinned with st. paul 's idiotic opinion on law .
rush limbaugh blames mass shootings on day care 

 oh , boy , lars has a new talking point .
i have been tracking 10 properties since april , and only 3 of them have been sold .
a few have " resurfaced " after failing to be sold , and their owner admitted to pulling them out of the market for a few months .
i am quite astonished that the g&m would allow this type of " advertorial " to be published .
the most flagrant violation is the lack of counter opinion in this article .
the treb guy 's opinion is mentioned in every line without a single opposing opinion ! ! !
shame on the g&m ...
" quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital " ; muslims are terrorists ; jews are cheap ; women are stupid ; blacks are criminals ; mexicans are druglords ; frat boys are rapists ; " quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital . "
i 'm not as articulate in my bigotry as potter , sorry .
what s your favorite flavor of jew ?
smokey bbq
welcome to boomer history < number > where all you do is share fancy pictures the young people make repeat whatever retarded shit you heard pre internet never fact checked since
and government employees retire at age 57 with not a worry in the world .
go figure .
i suppose you are right , dmont1 .
we could fall into that less aggrandizing , idyllic skill set where we say no jews are still too many , and send them all back to die in the holocaust .
yay , we legalized mental illness and accommodating mentally ill people instead of helping them .
big step forward .
what 's the diffrence between a jew and a bullet ?
one leaves the chamber .
< user > < user > white zionist monopoly capital is the master of all opposition parties who are in parliament excluded < user > white zionist monopoly capital is the master of all saunoin excluded < user > and this wzmc fake sa media excluded < user > and < user >
that nigga kawhi is nice bruh
i put as much thought into my remarks on this topic as i usually do .
the difference is you disagree with me this time , which is fine .
it would give these three states six united states senators instead of the current two .
" i woke up like thi- " bitch go back to bed
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
until he condemns the zionist jews and the state of israel that runs our government , he 's nothing more than controlled opposition ; telling you what you mostly already know , and mostly want to hear .
this country , and its president , is controlled by jews .
the kalergi plan is playing out in europe , while our children kill and die for the greater israel project in the middle east .
want to know what 's next for america ?
read their writings ! !
the protocols of the learned elders of zion are being followed to the letter .
screw it i will just kill all of you
i was finally getting use to sleeping for more than 3 hours a night .... guess that 's a thing of the past once again .. &#128542 ;
that whenever one tries to generalize about groups of people , one might be accused of stereotyping .
he could also be accused of stereotyping in saying that black people are wasting their money in strip clubs .
while there are complaints about the line being perceived as perpetuation of an ancient stereotype , it 's also clear that jay - z 's thesis is that to overcome oppression , black people should emulate jews in america by accumulating inter - generational wealth .
whether you buy the capitalism as cure thesis or not , it 's clear his intent is not to put people down , but to build them up .
my two cents :   mlk did n't dream that his children would not be judged by the color of their skin but by the contents of their bank accounts .
oh and i am eating everything in sight because in the next few days is a fucking wrap spent a pretty penny on a < number > day supply of shit to transform plus gym i need gym partner
i 'm here and i 'm hiding because i am literally wearing spoilers for the announcement .
:p
< user > < user > ain t us a racist white hillbilly i am good
too much illegal clout in wasilla and palmer to allow for legal sales .
cute girly fantasy football team names jnr college lesbians glee gay guy
yeah , fuck all the abrahamic religions
time for a new coach .
it 's unlikely oregon will win anymore games this season .
i think anyone who says " diversity is our greatest strength " is misleading the public .
no evidence backs this statement ( different food and music does not count ) terrorism , crime rates , employment stats , fgm , breast ironing , cousin and niece / nephew arranged marriage and grooming gangs prove it is definitely not .
i wish there was a woman fat and ugly enough 
 that she would love me
lookit , # swdetkaveman promote your music !
producers , record companies , fill my site !
let me review your music video !
two yrs experience !
any promotion of the mgtow philosophy will get you banned from r / offmychest
read it randomly while scrolling down my feed and it made me so happppyyy !
❤ ️ may allah bless you iqra !
more power to you .
mash'allah
kill yourself instead
i wonder if the sjw 's reading this realise one of planned parenthood 's founders was a eugenicist , who wanted to eradicate black people .
and based on the statistics , their organisation is doing a great job of that .
i hate fags because of this shit .
abortions for niggers jews arabs spics gooks should not be a right it should be a law white women should never have an abortion because it takes up valuable resources for people of colour if you are a white women and you have an abortion you should be labeled a racist < user > ‍
even here in new york my community is having an interfaith service in solidarity against racism / white supremacy , the list of local clergy who are participating is long , but not a single member of the catholic clergy ( priests or sisters ) is participating .
even the greek orthodox church is participating , as are the orthodox jewish clergy ... so we are not talking a collection of off the charts left wing lunatic fringe .
how not to get distracted by these fucking thoughts
@yousefalhadda17 the israel soldier are whore son 's big pig heads fuck all israel.long life the philistines brothers .
url
what can run through walls and kill jews ?
gas pipes
gay jerkin off and cumshot in brother 's room url
real news i can bet my last dollar they are all jews alan dershiwitz alix acosta epstein weinstine right to the top of the ladder who is the most power full people in the usa .the fake jews why will the media not say jews be cause there owners probly involve in this satanic homo pedophile sick son ah bitches .
i think there just stop human trafficking on usa border with those concertration camps thank god for the children safty
we can not continue calling ourselves feminists if the rights of all womxn are nt addressed yes to a sexual offences public list but will a trans lesbian bisexual and queer womxn be able to enter their information on the reporting sheet gender forum
they all have guns and are trained in martial arts .
what is the german translation of ' harry potter and the chamber of secrets ? "
harry hitler and the chamber of gas .
< user > < user > bs then all johnson and olafsson are jews or maybe some jews infiltrated by adopting local names
i will identify the culprit based on your last post the white nationalists are to blame for the white genocide in south africa get all over that shit
left out was the fact mentioned many times in the past , of the difficulty getting healthcare workers to relocate to isolated reserves , even for short periods of time .
are the doctors suggesting that many of their members are now prepared to do just that ?
somehow i do n't think so .
raccooneggs we need some of raccooneggs jokes in this
fuck you dishonest nazi mixing in the arabs and muslims will not save your face you are siding with isis against kurdistan and israel fuck you
yep , he 's just a racist moron that needs his jaw readjusted , by a dentist , so it hides the extra chromosomes better .
looks like a super reputable news source .
what ’s the difference between a cheetah and a jew ?
cheetah ’s can still run while they ’re skinny .
...... because they still receive benefits from an educated populace ?
duh
there is plenty of evidence that women and non - white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world .
that motherfucker son of a bitch jew needs to be hanged ‼️ 😡
rt if your account is a safe place for lgbtq members poc muslims women people from every nation
how many homosexuals have been killed due to their lifestyle compared to the millions of jews killed in the holocaust ?
can you provide any numbers of hate crimes that resulted in deaths ?
you are talking at most thousands compared to millions .
no one has mentioned ' hate society ' , they are a great band and they do nt just scream down the mic .
joe , so poetically said
lesson of the week from the holy book the sovereign individual once commerce flows over the internet suppression of speech becomes unstoppable devolution inevitable and the monopoly of violence by governments will end paraphrased from j d davidson rhys mogg
that was a bloody good episode of # thelastkingdom .
we got finan and steapa .
hild continues to be awesome .
some excellent shit talking too .
ik was watching a outdoors hunting show in canada today .
looks to me they have every thing we have channel 604 on direct tv
can you hear me ?
we inherited this mess from the boomers it our responsibility to make sure gen z inherits a better scenario we need to reverse this globalist coordinated trend of white displacement in the west it our obligation
i really hate explaining my nigger hair details to old white ladies 😒 leave me and my puffs tf alone katherine 🙄 🤬
< user > maybe we should just begin lobotomizing the str8s for being str8 give em a real chance to live the queer experience
you owe yourself the # love and # respect that you so freely give to other people . #
knowyourworth # loveyourselffirst .. others will come next .. ✌
agreed !
i think hcg should counter - sue the osc for their slow handling of this case and the defamation of the home capital name .
they should be going after the fraudulent brokers , not further hurting the long suffering hcg shareholders .
its beautiful artwork i love the homosexual imagery you like to use did you know that jesus was an arab
so , as a minority , they 're now entitled to preferential treatment and benefits ?
i presume white buddhists , white jews , and white muslims fall into the same category .
what an absurd and tortured twisting of demographic statistics !
you are correct .
distrust of the government is the root of the current political situation .
we are also watching the vietnam war on pbs , and learning some things we did not know .
not in the slightest .
< user > i say it all the time and is like whatever but tbh those white boots are gay af 😂 😂
@adam craig your lord is the shekel jew god and he is actually the devil you you trumpy satanists secterians will be removed soon the hellfire waits for you guys but see what happens in this world to you epstein trumpys
not just the fearful powerful men of the vatican offices ... but the role of the kochs et al and supreme council of the knights of columbus disappearing jpii 's social teachings to fit a political economic agenda that is the anti - thesis of our rich social teaching tradition and the way of the christ .
fricking whores reee
dbacks lost as well .
but that 's part of the frustration - tonight was a great opportunity to pick up some ground in the wild card race , gone by the wayside .
round up the jews
fuck americans .
how shameful , a jew practising eugenics
" jews willnot replace us . "
i come into work and a few of my coworkers are gathered in the lounge .
person : : your food is ready !
me : : i did n't bring my lunch today .
person : : well the microwave is done !
me : : ok , but it 's not mine .
person : : but , it 's curry .
i wander away with a confused look on my face .
i am the only south asian person in my office , though i am sure that i work with people who like south asian food , too .
at a supposedly progressive office in the pacific nw .
i was surprised , because it had been a long time since i had heard anything so ignorant and thoughtless .
" we do nt trust these niggas all these bitches "
it is nearing the end of 2013 , so soon i will be starting a thread for the new year .
ibor is dumb boomer kike shill proposition only paul nehlen shall not censor is worth a while
< user > aslo worrying about putin that i remember something like he said that russia welcomes the jews fleeing from europe and russia still have a kike oblast
< user > pretty bitches can stay off my feed
sounds like their government is doing a great job if they have been able to maintain this in the current situation
i am sick and fucking tired of the twitter jews they protect muslim terrorist after < number > tweets with a sandnigger bragging about people dieing i am banned for 2 4 hr for possible abusive behavior and the sandnigger tweets on its liberal jew commie bullshit over at twitter
prediction if we get an infrastructure bill passed and start educating employing the inner city folks that have been shit on by obama maybe they wo nt kidnap and torture mentally retarded people obamaistoblame for destroying inner cities worse than they were
this faggot is under the influence of dick fuck this homo and his subversion tactics .
usa was founded for white christian people , if you 're not one or the other than leave .
thank you to all the talented black women journalists who came to our ⁦@queensugarown⁩ press conference at # essencefest .
we appreciate you .
we respect you .
we see you .
onward , sistren !
url
as grateful as i am for the life god blessed me with , he gave me the worst pair of lungs .
i ca n't breathe for shit and it 's getting so bad
cnn is proof that jews are the scourge of the planet .
ebery mouthpiece is a jew
there is plenty of evidence that women and non - white people are disadvantaged in almost every hiring process in the western world .
first kiss was behind the church door in third grade .
counting the odd woman who masqueraded as a man in military service does not count they went back to being women after discovery is she counting the occasional bull dyke with short hair and who wore men clothes those were lesbians pantsuits are a recent invention
yes and the borders are outlined for the jews to inhabit the rest is colonised by arabs israel the only country to have its borders spelt to in the bible
< user > please explain to me why illegal immigrants would receive millions under your latest bill that is just outrageous
did you know jewish rabbis are n't allowed to accept payment for circumcisions ?
they just keep the tips !
( up to expiry ) buy lupin april futures @ 1450 - 1455 stop loss 1421 target 1479 - 1481 # stocks # tips # bse
which would be a more believable poll : a poll of likely voters ; or a poll of voters in the 2016 presidential election ?
i feel that if the person did not vote in the 2016 election , their opinion should n't count because they do n't care .
furthermore , in 2019 - 20 , polls should be based the opinions of those who vote in the 2018 congressional elections .. small adjustments could be made for younger voters who come of age in the interim .
she is a master of taqiyya , the deception and dissimulation used by muslims against infidels , kafaars , christians and jews to protect islam from scrutiny .
she knows islam is creating a mess across europe but she will blame the europeans because it is her solemn duty to protect the name of allah and mohammad .
islam uber alles .
we all know the jew'ish ' people are not the hebrew or even hebrew - israelites .
they are yiddish speakers and european decent .
its all over the internet .
why are we still talking about these imposters ?
the state - of - israel was created back in 1947 - 48 and we have been dealing with their soul - less extermination of palestinian 's of all ages .
being jew'ish ' is the same as being a christian these days :   the rest of us know its a sham - religion - man - made for a certain reason to present lies to the world and cover up who the real israelites are !
is english your second language ?
learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant .
yeah i am neither jewish nor a homosexual but they love to call me a kike faggot i mute freely < happy >
i would support taco gangs like ms-13 if they focus all their attention on sadistically slaughtering crackerkikes and their whole tribes like how they do cartel killings , skinning them and taking their cumskin faces off , and taking their joints apart .
crackerkikes deserve nothing less of a fate .
is there any way to get taco - monkies to do this shit to whiteboys and jews ?
these intolerance 's are about disgust .
nazi 's were disgusted by the jews .
muslims are disgusted by infidels .
in canada many christians are disgusted by drug users , sex before marriage , gays even free speech .
religion breeds narcissism and disgust for the ' other . '
putting people in prison because they disgust you is not much different then violence against them .
of course , we should be disgusted by genuine crimes and violence and even look at the mirror we hold up for others .
just what is " mansplaining " and other feminist buzzwords ?
why would anyone put themselves on the side if either the muzrat or the kike filth if you think giving palestine to the muzrats will end terrorism i have got a bridge to sell you not old we need to eradicate them all there can not be peace until muzrats are extinct
if you refer to your girl as your bitch when talking to others you haven ’ t got enough respect for her 🥴
do n't deflect now .
brothas need to quit trying to date these sunburned queens then coming to the rest of the fellas crying racism .
​ dear black fellas , ​ * * start expecting this behavior . * *
anon raw dick in my hole # bbbh # cumdump # pozpig # bareback @arrobapornogay @guyswholiketo @dudes4dudes @scallysex @markkoxxx @new_gaywanking @querico26 @brasillianboys @oligaysexpornx @onlyxxxguys @hotmalestuds @otavio692x @hotgaymen4 url
non whites negroes mestizos asians are used by jews as proxies against whites that why jews promote non white immigration in white countries so they can use non white proxies against whites to frame and blackmail for political control and eventually murder whites
what do you call a generous jew ?
fictional .
you depressed ass niggas got ta get off my snapchat lol
so including royalty the oil companies already pay alaska in ballpark of 3/4 the price of barrel of oil .
with the cost to pump the oil and current price of oil they lose money .
but " they are n't paying thier fair share " .
sigh ....
homeland terrorism ‼️ but they gon tell you it 's the illegal immigrants fucking this country up
i 'm a straight christian man my nephew is bi and because of him i became more open minded or the lgbtq community i only got one thing to say stay strong
a true and accurate article .
but what needs to be emphasized is the world wide draw for the gold medal olympic hockey game .
world wide the nhl is the minnow .
a game 7 stanley cup final may have 25 million north americans watching .
almost no one else in the world knows its on .
a world championship gold medal game which is a b tournament will have 100 million watching world wide .
way more than the stanley cup game 7 .
the olympic gold hockey game on the final sunday of the winter olympics ?
after the world cup final and the 100 meter dash in the summer games , its probably the most watched sports event .
estimates are about 800 million around the world .
not taking part in this is not wise , which is why the nhl will be there .
taqiya belle will work to bring negroes and jews together to combat whitees   because whitees are culturally unaware and will form weird groups like kkk & nsdap
@sanjay_dixit these types of sick haters & anti social elements should be arrested , whether they belong to any religious community .
immediate action should be taken by police whoever disturb the social harmony .
our country will progress only if there is internal peace & harmony amongst people
i ’m aware that hitler was an animal lover and vegetarian .
he was also a mass murderer , which was my point .
not sure what yours is ; it appears to be just more “ whataboutism ” from a likely trump voter , since they engage in that ridiculous red herring in order to try and conflate the real issue in order to try and cover up their own wrongdoing and hypocrisy .
check out the series on netflix “ einsatzgruppen : the nazi death squads . ”
i suspect you ’ll really enjoy it .
you might even pick up some pointers to use when you initiate your feral cat death squads .
after all , the nazis took slaughter house practices and used them to kill jews and others they considered vermin .
friends forever @sritianne @arjitaneja @itsmadhurima19 @leena_real @charumehra2 & # 128525;&#128525;&#128525;&#128525;&#128525;&#128525 ; https://t.co/tyubi4uky3
man with iphone at starbucks : : * stops me * excuse me do you know anything about shanghai ?
me : : hehhehh ... no .
him : : * stares at me questioningly * me : : * continues toward table smirking * i 'm vietnamese and 17 .
he 's probably 40ish .
where 's the proof for your allegations den80204 ?
i do n't like hancock as mayor but accusations without support are improper , immoral and irresponsible .
" @milbank trump already threatened to use the " " nuclear option " " in the white house dining room if the cuisine did n't improve . "
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
what stupid jew about know about russia these stupid jews making bible classes in school while the teacher teach american kids at gun point about there lord these jews are coaching our kids to hate these jews are forcing our american kids to be accompanied by israel to help hate muslims this is not acceptable america should n't accompany .
israel must be destroyed russia must help destroy israel
i read my horoscope today : capricorn ; there 's a good chance you will feel a bit chilly on your birthday .
what do jews usually get at veding machines ?
coins from the change slot 

 thing : not dark , but racist so did n't know where to put it .
that offsides call cost the chiefs the game son of bitch
sorry but perverts existed already and has nt increased as proven by me data .
try again little bigot .
so true the music i posted tonight is mostly pro white and non jewish maybe zombie is some what not it was released by a jewish owned studio but it is not full of degenerate crap like most
i 'm watching a report on the fn at this very moment , on rdi . "
the new fn voters " .
it is attracting new voters , i.e. some who used to vote left , gays who see martine as " a down - to - earth   mother " who understands them and has lots of gays around her and see islam as more of an anti - gay threat than the fn , jews who see antisemitism now coming from young muslims , etc . ..
this is n't her fathers ' fn .
why are only white nations being invaded buy non white immigrants
in this newest video i am posting it is relevant to this particular thread at 3 : 55 mark , though i suggest watching the whole thing !
would rather have terrorism over not being able to boycott an allied country this talking point must be important because he repeats it but i can not make out what on earth it supposed to mean if you do not buy stuff from jews they will fake arabs taking down more nyc landmarks
actually compared to the us ontario electricity is not high .
it 's high by canadian standards but not by american .
i was surprised too but you can check .
most major us states / cities have even higher rates than ontario .
you got all mixed up .
mr. potter was criticizing the poor communication that cause the traffic chaos during a storm .
this kind of comment is totally different from saying " all jews are pathologically greedy . "
mr. potter 's comment is neutral , simply on the traffic situation .
he was n't saying anything against the french people in quebec .
while your example was a racial remark , a racist bias .
you can not even tell the difference between these comments .
you really should not give any comment .
it just indicates how ignorant you are .
🤧   the limousine liberal jews and wasps who want to assuage their white guilt .. sjw maladjusted gays and nigs so they can pester and bother me ; bullshit wack monotheist judeo - christianity values that 's i 'm suck when i leave chinatown
irt cliff slater ’s letter , “ politicians hide true cost of rail , ” hart and the mayor have said there is enough money to get as far as middle street only .
if that is true , why has n’t construction continued past the stadium where it stopped several months ago ?
could it be hart is out of money now and that the mayor and his co - conspirators in this debacle are keeping it secret ?
just wondering .
trump recognizes jerusalem as israeli capital moves embassy because < number > jerusalem never mentioned in koranicles < number > moham rejected jerusalem on his search to fabricate a cult and the rest is history of which the arabs not palii play no part party time
you will never convert these fuckwits .
abandoning them means nothing .
what we need to do is build a coaltion of support down south and force it on them .
they 'll go along .
i do not lose temper when calling niggers niggers other than that do you really think nigger chimpouts in the us achieved anything every gains niggers reached in the us jews gave them niggers were never more than annoying subhumans merely tolerated at the whites mercy
< user > girl i kno that and everyone who follows her are all white 🙄 you see her last event only white people showed up i mean yes not a lot of white ppl are exposed to poc no one said it was evil but ignorant
so you simply believe what you hear and do not go back and look it up ?
if people truly thought they were being poisoned , why do they continue to live by farms ?
i 'd be out of there if i truly felt in danger .
not sure if you 're aware but this entire movement is a manipulation by the anti - gmo groups .
they 've done their own tests and found nothing significant so they turned to fear mongering .
people will repeat the claims but see if you 've actually heard one name of someone harmed .
if you think the babies are being harmed , ask the parents more about their history and you 'll see the truth .
rural communities have problems with chemical , and it 's not the pesticides , but drugs .
my initial thougjts were ' nonstory ' as originally it seemed they were banned as the ' distraction ' was teachers telling pupils to roll them down .
however it 's since come out in several stories and an interview on this morning that ' the distraction ' the head imagines is ' embarrassment for male teachers ' and of a sexual nature .
i 'm just interested in others thoughts on this .
what 's hitler 's 2 favorite pokémon coughing and wheezing
mr / miss comment : really i was just trying to stay within the combox character limit !
bill , my point is that many people ( including , i ’m sorry to say , some nce staffers ) think that it ’s ok to resort to name - calling rather engaging in civil discussion .
it ’s easier to demonise people with different opinions than to engage with them .
maybe it ’s a fear that one ’s own arguments are n’t that secure after all — that one might change one ’s mind .
maybe it ’s just intellectual laziness .
but whatever it is , it ’s not helpful .
and one consequence is that words do n’t seem to mean anything anymore .
when someone is a ‘ bigot ’ simply because he holds a contrary opinion , or ‘ hateful ’ because he dares to take a different view , how civil discourse survive ?
bc she a yid
yeah ... that sounds really terrible .
god forbid someone attacks the poor jews .
or worse .... 

 like , say ... oh i do n't know .. plant bombs in civilian areas just to frame jews .
or really disgusting , like ... attack an unarmed battle ships for 90 minutes , just to frame jews ...  

 maybe bomb   a disco in germany or a hotel in jerusalem ... , just to say ... oh i do n't know ... frame jews !
or maybe something more creative like ...   and i 'm just guessing here ...   fly planes into buildings rigged with explosives by undercover operatives posing as starving artists ... 

 can you image the kind of people who would do that ?
they would certainly deserve to be wiped out , do n't you think ?
i know jews would agree since they think it should happen to muslims ... right ?
what is the best way to pick up jewish girls ?
with a vacuum cleaner
i agree very sadly and completely with you .
it is happening with non - inmates too btw .
men always commenting on females vagina appearances .... 97 % of y' all shit be beat .
two tone ugly af , making hard lefts / rights , long but skinny af ( useless ) , balls small af ... but go off sis
@jeremías s , this is what 's happening ;   you represent the mind set of all un - american conservative trump supporters .
stop dividing our great country with your conservative hate , bigotry and racism .
leave , go someplace else .
conservatives like you enjoy seeing black ' men murdered .
the officer murdered an unarmed man and got away with it .
pretty simple , not much to analyze .
none of this will be a problem after trump practically removes asylum ...
a crude drawing of a swastika on a wall with spraypaint will only make neutral people associate nazi 's with common lowlife scum .
will you meet with the congressional black caucus ryan asked trump responded i would you want to set up the meeting are they friends of yours black activists complain that trump assumes nigger ryan knows nigger caucus members he did not assume he asked if they were her friends
what 's the difference between hope and a star ?
the jews had a star
schools have a holiday every sunday , so that christian kids can go to church without having to skip school .
schools have public holidays for christian festivals ( christmas , easter ) only .
on the other hand , the world 's largest muslim countries , like indonesia and bangladesh , have public holidays for buddhist , hindu and christian festivals .
this is from the back - file at stormfront 's advanced scout forum which is solely devoted to promoting the pioneer litte europe strategy .
oil consumption is forecast to climb in the next few decades .
you do n't have to take my word for it - ask the international energy agency .
it is hard to substitute renewable energy when it comes to petrochemicals and transportation fuels like diesel and jet fuel .
your post shows a lot of wishful thinking but little knowledge of the energy industry .
this year i ' m going as a dog , and my two friends are going as a ghost and a mail man .
a thought for the day : “ do n’t knock the weather ; nine - tenths of the people could n’t start a conversation if it did n’t change once in a while . ” —
kin hubbard
we 'll never give up ... the jews can keep trying opening our borders and sending their third world minions after the european people but we will never capitulate ...
imagine a jewish man painted orange head to toe 100 % concentrated orange jews
major advertisers pull ads from o reilly factor after harassment report hotpagenews com r < number >
these muslim incels are the next abu lahab
today one of my queer white students says i know they say vsco girls are defined by saying that the tea and and i oop but actually they are just appropriating black queer culture which is actually the tea sis train them up and watch them fly you all
ask the japanese 

 they are the ones with the most scientific research on whales 

 oh wait 

 what they do is kill for profit
good try .
try harder .
worldnet daily is mostly libertarian with a strong judeo - christian influence .
it 's why they often flipped gw bush for some of his policies .
a much more thorough job of ripping than the standard " bush lied , people died " horse crap .
unlike the talking heads on pmsnbc , cnn , abc , cbs , etc . ,
worldnet daily used logical arguments and factual events to go after bush ( north american union , freeway from juarez to alberta , illegal immigration , etc . ) .
tell me frzmao when did the mainstream media ever go after obama or hrc ?
name two incidents ..... 

 personally i 'm surprised you had the guts to try an throw anything from salon magazine at.me .
talk about biased !
why not list the huffington post while you 're at it .
fuck americans .
your answer is actually a typical answer in only looking at the problem from the perspective of the symptom instead of the root causes of the problem .
those who feed and care for spayed / neutered free - roaming cats are n't the problem anywhere as much as those who abandon their pets by the thousands are -- just as those who feed and care for the homeless are n't part of the problem anywhere as much as the root causes of homelessness here in hawaii , which is a direct result of the severe shortage of affordable housing coupled with our very high cost of living .
in a nutshell , luxury priced necessities such as housing and ridding hawaii of homelessness are n't mutually exclusive .
hispanic guy , asian girl couple here .
@jasonkander @spencerjcox @senjohnmccain i disagree politically but respect @repcharliedent good man , honorable public servant
there 's a reason islam breeds the most violent degeneracy in the modern world .
the religion is trash and needs to die , just like every other religion , but islam especially .
a day in the life of a sniper in syria fighting islamic state alone
john , basically your claim is that the catholic church is homophobic , that orthodox jews are homophobic , and that muslims are homophobic .
that seems to support a couple of conclusions :   you 're intolerant , you 're a heterophobe .
if the shoe fits , wear it .
< user > < user > < user > god bless you lady god loves you hope someday you make a positive act on someone who needs it like the illegal aliens
crisis , hardly .
the only ones that did cry , were bill & hillary .
and yet he was punished by the act of disbarment .
all the while , those " family values " republicans ;   newt gingrich , bob livingston , and dennis hastert that were sitting on the impeachment panel should have recused themselves for similar or a much worse offense .
the initial charges never rose to the level of full impeachment .
get over it .
essentially , ncr joins the groundswell in the case against francis , and why he should resign altogether or forthrightly end the self - inflicted wound to the body of christ - clerical sexual abuse .
as kieran tapsell underscores , quoting bruce duncan ,   " pope francis ’ very positive scorecard on issues such as climate change , poverty , inequality , violence and refugees , for which he has rightly been acclaimed .
however , pope francis personally can do little about them .
he can only encourage others to act ... " what francis can and must do , he wo n't   in fact , he continues to obstruct , " on 22 february 2013 the holy see informed the conference that mandatory reporting could apply to everyone else in the church but not to clerics , and that the law imposing the pontifical secret still applied to them . "
cf .
http://johnmenadue.com/kieran-tapsell-a-different-scorecard-on-pope-francis/ 
 more chance ncr 's voice will reach an american rc audience .
i am thinking of a new old social system < number > only women can own land < number > man job is to maintain and improve the land < number > only men have political power < number > niggers obey or leave < number > jews will volunteer for the ovens < number > fill in the blanks
really ?
who is making taking pictures of corporation polluting , illegal in this country ?
wyoming and   idaho .
who is making it harder for people to vote , saying there a big problem ?
even though voter fraud is less than 1 % ?
who let 's alec and other lobbyists write law and then pass it ?
who has used fear and hate against minorities in their campaigns ?
the only places i find ' liberal ' fascists are on right wing sites .
democrats know their history .
republicans rewrite their history .
that somehow today , r 's are the party of lincoln .
it has n't been for at least 60 years .
http://www.earlhamsociologypages.co.uk/fasccom.htm
i 'm picking up a friend at the train station and my phone is dying .
this is my hell .
i wanna watch netflix while i wait
the other kike claimed soros wasn t prosecuted because he was too old bulan kike claims it was because he was too young shoah < number > electric boogaloo will not discriminate by age all are welcome
where is all the money coming from to pay these women to make sexual harassment claims ?
i want to make a religious porno about period sex .
i 'll call it hoesus parts the red " c "
let admit the truth    koran verses 

 1.“kill the unbelievers wherever you find them . ”
koran2:191 

 2.“make war on the infidels(nonbelieversof islam ) living in your neighbourhood .
”koran9:123 

 3.“when opportunity arises , kill theinfidels(non believers of islam ) wherever you catch them . ”
koran 9:5 

 4.“any religion other than islam is not acceptable . ”
koran3:85 

 5.“thejews and the christians areperverts;fight them . ” …
koran 9:30 

 6.“kill people who criticizeallah or do mischief ( wage war against allah ) ” koran 5:33 

 7.“allah will punish the unbelievers withgarments of fire , hooked iron rods , boiling water;melt their skin and bellies .
”koran 22 : 19 to 21 

 8.“the unbelievers are stupid ; urge themuslims to fight them . ”
koran 8:65 

 9.“muslims must not take the infidels(non - believers of islam ) as friends . ”
koran3:28 

 10.“terrorize and behead those whobelieve in scriptures other than the qur’an . ”
koran 8:12&13
i learned via text that apparently it 's snowing outside .
i 've been laying in bed in the dark for 3 hours .
i should maybe get up .
standing up to those who would eliminate you and your country is honorable .
the only bullies in this conflict are the hateful jew - hating palestinians and their terrorist civilian - stabbing inhabitants whose goal is to eradicate jews .
trump is now saying that his racist remarks against ilhan omar and the other congresswomen of color were n't racist .
what 's really racist are the criticisms they 've made of him .
this guy is a lost cause .
a festering black hole of toxic bigoted garbage .
url
i might have broken the internet by suggesting people like to live around people like themselves .
and no zionist wishing them dead .
i am not obligated to date a broke nigga mfs try to make you feel bad for having standards
tbh i should commission ppl to draw me with jimin ahahaha but that would be so damn awkward idk if i can do it sobs
then your part of the reason the west is dying .
you want a better country then kick out the niggers and spics with their high crime and breeding rate and get rid of the jews who are hellbent on destroying us
< user > all < number > “ undocumented ” immigrants are criminals by definition
what do lactose intolerant people and jews have in common ?
they both have the tendency of getting gassed .
so the implication of my foot up your ass would also be one ?
calm your sensitive as down dude you ever heard of this thing called an example ?
its quite common really if you would of read the whole thing instead of just cherry picking what words to use its quite clear i used an example even in your biased example i never said i was gon na do shit you just tried to make it look like that also your still and ignorant fuck for thinking that if your not 100 % pitch black your white and there s no in between fucking jew
< user > yeah that was dope
yeah i do not believe the come and take it crowd we will see kike controlled cops will put bullets in your children heads just an fyi when supporting law enforcement thin jew line
here in utah we have pioneer day on july 24th to celebrate when the mormon settlers arrived in the salt lake valley .
people like to put up american flags to celebrate as this is essentially a 2nd fourth of july here .
i read something this year for the first time pointing out that when the white settlers first got here ( putting aside native americans and all that ) , it was still mexico .
and that 's part of why they were coming here .
mormon pioneers fled the united states to seek refuge in parts of mexico .
how do we celebrate that ?
with american flags !
we 're not the brightest bunch sometimes .
the character assassinations being spewed against the author are way over the top : heinbecker hates jews , heinbecker supports terrorism , heinbecker = hate crime ... 

 that kind of commentary is deplorable , and i hope the globe removes it all .
a great american president jfk once said “ sometimes you ’ve got to go for a mind to clear your head ”
anyway .
it 's not that i think it 's a legitimate argument , right .
because it 's not .
it 's just a good tool to dismantle activists with .
lol trump jr fucked around on his kike wife with mudshark aubrey o day the altright really knows how to pick em
who gives a fuck ?
free palestine- wipe israel off the map .
let iran have nukes like israel does and american lives can stop being wasted on protecting a shitty little stretch of desert for a bunch of ungrateful jews .
9 minutes into this kokesh molyneux debate and i 'm already feeling the urge to preheat the oven .
brain dead liberals are all the same .
cut off your own dick just to get the chance to talk to a girl .
pro feminism , more like 100 % pussy .
tldr : incel ironically sounds like a man going his own way than mgtow
only issue is i hate pussies like you masquerading as a man , fuck off
the best thing would be to try and get in with a therapist who specializes in gender or at least is supportive of lgbt , and share your thoughts and concerns and see where that takes you .
there 's a lot of things to consider and doubt and stuff , and they can help you come to your own conclusions .
jewelry kike perverts gassed me on twitter and preventing fake phone number accounts enjoying gab way better
i have : 1 sister with grey eyes 1 sister with blue eyes 1 sister with green eyes me and my brother have blue eyes !
why do n't jewish cannibals like eating germans ?
they give them gas .
@mr .
yellin are orthodox jews raped , murdered , honored killed by family , buried and stoned for not wearing it ?
nope , so try not to compare apples to lettuce here .
i guess you are that ultra pc that ca n't distinguish the difference between hurting or helping social progress .
to quote a muslim friend , " would you want something as precious as chocolate to be not covered up so it can spoil ?
no , of course not .
that is how we feel about woman and that is why they should be covered . "
again , support the perpetuating assault of woman by defending that woman should be covered and if they are n't and do get assaulted . "
they were just asking for it . "
how often have we heard that with caucasian woman now ?
she was dressed a certain way so " she was just asking for it ? "
come on and use your head .
anyone else get a ridiculous sense of fate when a tweet miraculously ends first time with 0 remaining characters ... or am i just a looney ? ! ?
abrahamic religion is trash .
now defend your trash church 's kiddie diddling .
@john_grounds @laughingdevil1 @labouragainstas @uklabour @jeremycorbyn @afzal4gorton would that be the land stolen from judeans centuries ago ?
after years of persecution the jews have finally gone home .
shame on themuslims , the far right & the far left who seek to demonise jewish people .
< user > < user > < user > < user > i do not want to have to be the queer gatekeeper but as the official cerberus of the gates to gay i am putting my extremely fabulous paw down
this is what happens when you hand jews the reins .
no other race is so adept at fucking things up
halsey is a fat boomer goblin kike
the only way i can contribute anything to society is if i ldar and my decaying body becomes food for plants , animals , and insects .
are girlfriends even a real thing or are they just a huge normie scheme to make incels feel bad so they can laugh at us ?
i did n't know beanie was jewish , i 'm not into profiling presidential candidates .
i use the term in the same way some on here call trump , drumpf or trumpet or whatever else ..   he 's still a socialist and he 'll never be president .
beanie 's ideas are all bad .
he did n't even defend himself so why would anyone expect he 'd defend them ?
.
you still   said   hitler was masculine .
he was n't .
he took a pill .
it was cyanide .
he was a loser and there is no way on earth to compare what he did to any american president .
not one .
i would even defend bill clinton or barack obama over that filthy man .
he was beneath anything even   remotely human and end of story .
what 's the difference between a jew and a canoe ?
a canoe tips .
our free speech is starting to go too in little ways trying to make people think it is for good hurt feelings or inciting violence bullsh*t < censored > unfortunately many people do not see it
ate there once , dat was enuff
yeah , that comment is still relevant .
/r / movies and movie industry in general are not female friendly .
if trump really is homophobic , xenophobic , a bigot , and racist ; when is the men 's march ?
and just out of curiosity , has anyone really noticed the way trump supports his foreign wife , daughters , and jewish family members?how is it a march for women when you as women , ostracize the women who want to march for pro - life ?
so many questions !
i 'm sorry , but it 's just so jerry springer   to use the new president as a   scapegoat for all the things that were allowed to fester over the past decade .
why did n't anyone feel it was important enough to march for the cause sooner ?
maybe you were hoping hilary would come to the rescue ?
i for one happen to like men and i have three fantastic boys , so all you men haters out there sporting your pussy hats , try not to raise a bunch of men hating women .
if you do n't think it makes a difference , take a look back into history of infanticide and see what the outcome has been .
leadership in the modern world requires having an understanding of the business world , of economics , being in touch with reality , knowing what needs   to be done , being able to change and , at a minimum , being able to balance a checkbook .
walker lacks all of these skills .
black culture encapsulated perfectly in all it ghetto splendor
she is still a cancer on society .
" goes in front of jj " ethan pulls out the n word pass : jj wuz good my nigga ?
jj : starts making the rape face " ethan starts sweating "
lrt is the real shit it filipino heritage month and my birth month i expect reparations from all east asians and white people especially spaniards pay me what you owe me
why did the italians switch sides ?
the germans occupied all their pizza ovens
free weev we need another ruby ridge torba is a faggot kike
wheels go the other way ....
i agree but remember we are a free nation and they can pray what ever they wish .
the same goes for muslims , jews , budhists , hindus , etc so long as you 're not harming others .
a verrrry small and highly publicized " christian " church advocates terrible garbage .
that 's not the same as a global religion with a huge radicalism problem .
to say otherwise is intellectually dishonest .
@iambeebeeiam even before my transition i would n't use the b - word to insult another human being .
it 's gross .
it 's in the same spectrum as the c - word .
nope .
< user > i ai nt talking bout you negro
imagine if 100 's of men freaked out , screaming and hollering like that , at a beautiful woman on national tv .
gillette would have a field day and they all would be in jail .
the hypocrisy is sickening .
i would support taco gangs like ms-13 if they focus all their attention on sadistically slaughtering crackerkikes and their whole tribes like how they do cartel killings , skinning them and taking their cumskin faces off , and taking their joints apart .
crackerkikes deserve nothing less of a fate .
is there any way to get taco - monkies to do this shit to whiteboys and jews ?
the savaging of native americans and cromwell 's crimes in ireland referenced during a boundary debate on @deisetoday .
just ludicrous .
this corny nigga suck 💀 💀
brain washing children with religion should be illegal .
at the very lease the state and church(es ) should be separated .
i do not want to fund religion with my taxes .
_ 
 it is huge lie .
what they are saying is if you are raised a christian / muslim / jew then they will be holy , they will be spiritual .
they tell child that you do not need to do any work on yourself .
you do n't need to explore your real self , your inner conscious .
_ 
 this is the lie .
following a bunch of rules does not make you spiritual .
it is convenient because jesus / moses / mohamad are all dead .
there is no one to tell them to do the inner work .
it is huge scam that create narasists people , what we have now in canada an excess of .
i do n't understand why you single out jews for their religion .
bald bigotry is always ugly .
not even at uni anymore and eduroam is still fucking with me
☊ oh great .
the person who took twelve minutes in the restaurant bathroom was a sweaty chef who clearly just took a shit .
" ... the denver rally was one of more than two dozen held in u.s. cities saturday , organized by act for america , which claims islamic law — namely shariah — is incompatible with western democracy ... " .
of course it is compatible if we remember that our constitution is a " living and breathing " document .
america is multicultural and with a few tweaks here and there everyone can feel welcome .
killing homosexuals by throwing them off buildings can be very dangerous for pedestrians below so perhaps limiting the toss to 3 stories is in order .
shame - killing your own family members should be allowed but only in the privacy of the father 's home .
jew killings should be limited to only certain holy months .
infidels should only have to worry about being slaughtered if they offend but otherwise should be left alone .
the authors of our constitution were too darn prejudiced to consider the feelings of our sharia neighbors but we can rectify that if trump does n't get another supreme court pick .
why not triple the parking meters to $ 6.00 every half hour and tax us even more for owning vehicles and homes so we can pay for wasteful things like the ag office and the rail .... smh
what 's worse then the holocaust for jews ?
the hall of costs .
what a load of you know what .
hey , carl , how about journalists just tell the truth ?
are you all so out of practice after covering up for obama and hillary for over eight years you have forgotten how ?
oh , and get out of your nyc - dc bubble once in awhile and talk to real people .
update : three arrsted after german gay guy left in critical condition after being fag bashed in belgrade http://t.co/5tnwq2e7q5
hey twitter you enormous fags do not you have more problems than anime posting weebs to worry about your problem should be the actual terrorists and maybe the kangz how about you ban some of those faggots instead
which one of his cabinet members " defends slavery , " made - up poster ?
seems like the only purpose to christianity anymore is to ensure the annihilation of the white race via the suicidal worship of jews maga altright
< user > after jews r elininated na league players are my next target
the robbers probably got a small " honkin " reward and they are going to get a " big honkin " prison sentence .
and of course we all know that prison is " big honkin " holiday .
you 'd think all these people outraged about russia would 've said something about the civilians dying in syria .
fucking paigons smh
i would first slow hiss her onto a bed .
play with her tits .
then ram her pussy so i can cum in it
i agree , i am so sick of these globalists who abuse and sacrifice our children , even murdering the unborn .
they only have anything because we all play the role of dumbed down manipulated slaves mindlessly interacting with their corrupt and manipulated monetary system .
let 's pull resources , buy an island and say good bye to these psychopaths :) .
i 'm serious .... i want out of this insane asylum lol .
if you listen to september in the morning there 's a 100 % chance that the rest of your day is gon na be amazing
sane people reject antisemites , al qaida worshippers , black racists and green communists .
url
my , my .
i bet you kill other living creatures as well .
you 're really bloodthirsty .
a typical arrogant human predator .
the worst of the worst .
hitler used the same " reasoning , " lies , biases and hate in his quest to eliminate the " vermin " jews .
you 're a lot like him .
too bad the un is filled with self -elected , self - indulgent , hedonistic pedophilic gang members who have enjoyed each others company since grammar school .
so i 'm sure they have " many american jews " on their side ; being more interested in the size of their pocketbooks , than being the protectors of modern civilization .
\>username is " antifemalefederation " \>he will go to prison and potentially get anally gang raped by big burly * * black * * dudes \>if a * * female * * lies about being raped , she should get life in prison because she can ruin the * * man * * 's life forever .
\>false rape accusations are worse than death , rape , torture , kidnaping , and murder combined .
it 's the worst thing you can do to a man .
\>post history is an absolute fucking train wreck i seriously hope you 're trolling , dude .
its funny how the progressive are not for the homeless today .
has something changed that i missed ? ?
usually all the comments from this bunch are about how our tax dollars should house these bums .
now suddenly the bums are out of favor ? ? ?
as i said , riel , if you are stupid enough to consent to muslim , jewish , or catholic tribunals , as with any other type of arbitration , you deserve what you get because that is your choice .
this is canada , not saudi .
no one is forcing you to use faith - based tribunals .
however the buck stops when the ruling contrasts with our laws ( public floggings , persecution of gays , etc ) .
it 's really very simple and pretty well summed up in the article .
made of ketamine , the jews are .
turn the atmosphere into breathable ketamine , the final solution will .
suck me cock
your solution , waiting for people to hit rock bottom , is like the solution that school districts have for helping kids that struggle in school .
the districts wo n't even discuss providing resources until a kid is failing one or more classes . (
i am talking about the district , not the individual teachers that do everything they can to help the kids in their classroom . )
why not try to help the people that were productive , contributing , taxpaying members of society first ?
keep the recently unemployed coal miner and his family in his house .
provide him housing assistance and job training .
he is much more likely to rejoin society than the drug / alcohol addict that chooses to live on the street and panhandle .
someone let retard paul ryan know that there is no h in the word struggling he pronounces it like ghetto queen moochelle øbama did shtruggling what a dick
when cops kill the " mentally ill " and cops kill african - americans that 's called justified self - defense .
but when nazis demonstrate and blow off a lot of hot air that 's called hate .
let 's face it - those tagged " mentally ill " are one of society 's most hated scapegoats , along with the homeless , addicts , the indigenous , and the poor in general .
the difference between nazis hatred of blacks and jews and society 's hatred of the " mentally ill " ?
one is sanctioned by society , the other is merely a lot of blustering hot air that society exploits to scare people .
kinda sad your life is over enjoy getting fucked in the ass by your precious jews faggot hahaha
if we ever get our shit together in the south this should and must be the main priority because without the jew the nigger has no leader
the subhuman savages have to be colonized
my review of kindle voyage : a resounding ' meh '
< user > honestly to get to the point where someone would think muslim is a language islam is a country like what white media info have y all been exposed to
the jews want to use the muslims as an army to wipeout us and then they will wipe out most of the muslims
hey gays does anyone wanna be penpals on this app called slowly xo hmu for my i d and we can send virtual letters pls i am so bored
@goddanc @franklin_graham in the mean time the adult may or may not be her parent .
in the mean time they make the trek to america because people like yourself send a signal of hope , else they would n't attempt the journey .
no amount of tax dollars can effectively help these poor trespassers .
jews are like magicians first they make your money disappear and then they go off in flames .
yta .
the worst part of this is gall at being offended by his " unprofessional " behavior .
i 'm gon na shit all over this person and then be surprised that it upset them .
🤣 🤣 🤣 fucking classic sociopathic reaction .
it 's only business until someone reacts negatively to me then it 's personal and they were the ones in the wrong .
you a garbage sub - human .
considering there is a large lgbt community within the police , why are n't we commemorating it by celebrating how far we 've come and being inclusive , rather than gatekeeping and deciding that some lgbt people are ok but others are n't ?
your contrasting " objective sin " with sin as a construct is confusing and not entirely correct .
first of all , there is " objective sin , " or what st. thomas calls " material sin . "
it is not the kind of sin that brings moral guilt , and is not what most people think of when they think of sin .
secondly , you are right to say that sin as we usually mean it --- " actual " sin --- is subjective , in that it requires the actor 's knowledge of the wrongness of the act and the intent to commit it .
your phrasing , however , invites the conclusion that nothing is objectively wrong , which i do n't think you really want to say .
finally , to say there is " only a construct of sin " seems to say that sin does not exist except as a creation of the human mind .
but physical acts are real , and when a real act violates god 's will --- which is also real --- there is nothing about the fact of violation that reduces the sin to a mere human construct .
if you disagree , pinpoint the error .
would n't it be easier if we just sent them to the gas chambers ?
at least they would n't have to suffer anymore ffs
this should be going through the immigration system not the justice system .
jpz our military voted for trump get your head out of the sand ! ! !
you all know i do not care about plastic surgery but jessica white negro nose was everything
absolutely crying at @gregjames tonight , being a bristol girl and hearing cheers drive on the radio .
proper lols , it was gert lush & # 128514;&#128514 ;
< user > welcome to the club i posted about pizzagate holocaust myth truth to earn acct lock i will not retract one word so it stays locked forever until twitter is dead
what do you call an adult that has imaginary friends ?
religious
correct peachy52 , when acting first started women were not allowed in the theaters , so men had to " act " in their roles .
these snowflakes need to get a life .
they see " racism " in everything .
did the same snowflakes claim " blackwashing " when an african american played dorothy in the wizard of oz ?
whoever made baseball caps acceptable going our attire thank you greasy hair club
everyone , not helping me with anything : you should be a model me , constantly applying every few weeks : yeah i know
you may be right but you also may be wrong .
by all accounts , jerry jones treats his players very well so they love playing in dallas .
nfl players also have very short careers so doing anything that may take away some of it would greatly impact their lifetime earnings .
ask colin kaepernick .
the combination of those things will probably mean they listen to jones .
you also do n't account for the many players who do n't share the convictions of those kneeling .
i personally do n't have a significant problem with the kneeling but i think those players should another means of expressing their feelings as it being lost in what many people believe to be unpatriotic .
so when our youngens are grown up and the fight is there s too late our government has indoctrinated them to be queers and dykes forget your ancesters and their achievments 1 1 th < user >
what 's a jew 's least favourite day of the year ?
ash wednesday .
it brings up horrible memories
chicago is a prime example .
@just_priss i understand but stop venting on this bitch you give to much insight in to your life & amp ; these people do n't deserve that
i cried when my dad cut up onions onions was a good dog .
informative well researched article which should be taught in every jr high school one correction jews are not white jews are semites a race containing a number of ethnicities including arabs or sand niggers as some term them or they are mixed race
if normies really wanted to help us , they will offer to fund our plastic surgery 
 but no , we have to exist so you do nt feel that inferior to chads rigth mr .
norman .
equal opportunity employment laws require every employer to hire any relatively qualified applicant , or face potential litigation for discrimination ....
@garussell @realsaavedra god & allah are the same , you illiterate cracker .
cnn kike does not like goyim with guns even members of the military in afghanistan
adopting creatures bred and educated in the ghetto is a bad idea no matter what species
the military takes weak minded white kids who have been brainwashed to hate themselves and kills them for the jews in jew created wars it a global phenomena
it is kind of impossible to say whether the 407 etr received " fair market value " because there was no market existing prior to the lease .
what is clear though is that there were multiple bids put in on the 407 etr lease in an open and transparent bidding process and the government selected the highest bidder suggesting that they received pretty good value at the time .
a few years later parts of the 407 etr were traded at a price that gave a much higher valuation for the lease , but that was after the highway , was operational and the revenue stream was well established , was extended to nearly twice the length and had generally reduced the risk on returns .
hindsight being 20/20 the government might have done better waiting a handful of years to lease the 407 etr and shouldered the risk .
on the flip side that could have blown up in their face if they mismanaged the highway .
i 'm an atheist , you brainwashed identity politics playing faggot .
go kill babies , shit head .
maybe it 's the context .
here 's more context for the quote you gave us .
“ kill the unbelievers wherever you find them . ”
koran 2:191 
 “ make war on the infidels living in your neighbourhood . ”
koran 9:123 
 “ when opportunity arises , kill the infidels wherever you catch them . ”
koran 9:5 
 “ any religion other than islam is not acceptable . ”
koran 3:85 
 “ the jews and the christians are perverts ; fight them . ” …
koran 9:30 
 “ maim and crucify the infidels if they criticize islam ” koran 5:33 
 “ punish the unbelievers with garments of fire , hooked iron rods , boiling water ; melt their skin and bellies . ”
koran 22:19 
 “ the unbelievers are stupid ; urge the muslims to fight them . ”
koran 8:65 
 “ muslims must not take the infidels as friends . ”
koran 3:28 
 “ terrorize and behead those who believe in scriptures other than the qur’an . ”
koran 8:12 
 “ muslims must muster all weapons to terrorize the infidels . ”
koran 8:60
oh bs the public sector is a joke , we need to completely open up beer sales across any retailer who wants it without any restrictions from government , now at least you can go into a store in some of the libearl favoured donators stores and see the brands , touch them all you want .
but wynne just could not let it go 100 % out of her control , such is what is wrong and destructful in the public sector .
if you ve been banned from twitter it means jews have sent you a notification that you no longer have rights in the new world order and you are now oficially a target that must be eliminated
israel first we did nt blow up the twin towers with thermite so that you tell us you wo nt take the arabs from iraq that will replace you
its about time blacks realised the < number > women who started blm were jew women jews will use you all destroy your families to keep jews on top
what ’s a jews favourite breakfast ?
ash pancakes
i despise the muslim world in general and all its sandnigger varieties but the collapse of the anglozionist empire is something that europe and the middle east could and should work together on if given the chance
more proof that women can not be incel ( and r / fa being retarded again )
she is still a cancer on society .
please stop outting your lgbt friends .
just because you know & they 're comfortable around you , does n't mean that you can start including strangers into their business .
strangers ?
friends ?
close friends ?
crush ?
relationship ?
heartbroken ?
barely friends ?
strangers
i was in the 8th grade when she passed and remember the outpouring of love from the tejano community .
beautiful soul gone too soon#ripselena
there 's a special place in purgatory for subs that think they deserve a domme and a vanilla partner ... in what fucking universe ... # findom
it like dejavu of the hamas orchestrated swedish marxist funded armed struggle using anc goons in south africa leading up to final chapter now the genocide of white christians just as cair oic will orchestrate across america using libretarded dems hoggs queers
imagine if 100 's of men freaked out , screaming and hollering like that , at a beautiful woman on national tv .
gillette would have a field day and they all would be in jail .
the hypocrisy is sickening .
@ilhanmn what are you up to ?
we know that you are always anti - semitic you hate the jews people like you hate america minnesotans maybe fold by your fake plea , but the rest of us are well aware of your cars to take down america and make it under sharia law you will be removed from office
with all the efforts of a few bad apples , we see they want to kill off most all oil workers in alaska now ! .
it is sad that the alaska oil & gas agencies are being so harsh and the tax laws always changing to take more from the small competitors .
the state was shamed worldwide by reniging on the tax credits so the governor could get more oil royalty income .
is this fraudulent inducement ?
gov. walker vetoed these earned credits and chose not to pay these smaller oil companies even with $ 60 billion in the permanent fund and the constitutional budget reserve .
is alaska 's name mud all around the world ?
maybe because of a cheap tactic known as bait and switch !
judge gleason finding oil and gas agency fail to provide due process and now the aogcc is attacking small oil companies with unreasonable fines !
alaska is headed for a devastating fall that will make make all other economic depressions look weak , the u.s. can 's save alaska this time since uncle ted has gone to political heaven ?
how interestingly simple .... life in your world , that is .
federal gov't seems to drift into a dissociate fugue when the issue of china & its draconian repressive gov't comes up for discussion ... 

 trudeau certainly appears to be greasing up canada with the easy money ... when does this ' buy up canada 's resources and prime real estate ' slow down or simply end ... ? ?
further ,   would n't it be interesting if all those citizens of china who are busy buying , dumping$$ and flipping had all foreign assets confiscated from them systematically by the chinese communist government to where canadian lands , and businesses were slowly ' gobbled - up ' by china 's red gov't ... 

 well , there is one upside to that -- canada would n't have to change the colour of its flag .. 

 interesting times ... and new players still engaged with centuries old amoral eccentricities ... 

 china tosses out trinkets ground out of broken flesh & bone ... & canada 's trudeau rises to the bait .
/.
according to new polling data < number > of americans believe laura loomer raped lauren southern
people really have the audacity to think i am not funny bitch i am hilarious
a journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance .
it also matters that the source you quote is anti - abortion , a part of the anti - abortion crowd , and uses brookings , an anti - abortion organization , as a source .
tit for tat does n't lend any greater credence to your cite than it disproves guttmacher 's .
it just suggests that both sources are grinding their own axes .
it does n't matter , pandora .
trying to point to which group has the most abortions does not answer the need of the other groups .
what about the middle class , the non - poor and non - rich ?
the reasons women abort are many and personal .
want to have a real impact on abortions ?
support the availability of effective contraceptives , widespread good sex education .
want to control another persons body ?
then pay for it .
we have yet to find the balance of justice for the unborn and justice for the woman .
whatever balance is found probably wo n't fully satisfy either side .
i think artificial wombs are one possibility for the anti - abortion crowd , as long as they pay for it .
hey you all ever think about those negro boys up in the north and think of how rich they are ever think about lynching them then buy my new lynch that as dirty as those jew loving nigger boys maga daca iasip pandr assduo asduo assdup asdoijasodij asdoihoiashdoih aosihdoaishd oiahosidhaoishd joaisdaoishd
the republican majority spent us into this mess with their give away to oil corporations .
i agree , we need to get rid of these things now .
pres johnson buying into the stereotype that blacks were afraid of snakes who is not afraid of snakes he d drive to gas stations with one in his trunk and try to trick black attendants into opening it
why this guy is trying to apply western liberal enlightened thought to an asian muslim country is beyond me
islam kills gays .
nothing to do with you being a rude boy .
i hate being retarded white and male
" " " an elite red bull training camp makes athletes face a charging bear , learn improv , and sit in icy water " " https://t.co/v7sifi4fu7 "
ca n't get behind these america hating cunts ...
woman signs away her parental rights , loses custody battle , and decided to run for texas congress to change laws to be even more biased against fathers
transgenders will get a break .
< user > while i have seen some of this footage before it is a reminder that a good < number > of these so called refugees appear to be men of fighting age with no intention of assimilation not the families children the media like to find show
sad , but i ca n't help but think darwinism is real .
and children sometimes need guidance from parents .
my girlfriend is really scared by the sound of glass breaking when i asked her why , she just said something about her ' jewish heritage ' .
did you know today is jew ’s day ?
it ’s ash wednesday !
two bros chillin in a hot tub five feet apart cus they are not gay
no , she does n't care because the victims were muslims .
if the victims were jewish she 'd be 100 % in favour of the motion .
what layla4 and others are afraid of is the canadian public showing sympathy for muslims , even when they 're targeted and gunned down as they pray .
if the canadian public feels sympathy muslims then obviously it ca n't feel sympathy for jews .
it 's the binary , zero - sum thinking of all bigots .
warski on the list nah i do not think he an enemy i just think he needs to be red pilled a lot more maybe if he came and hung out in the ghetto for about an hour he would wake up
mgtow reeks of kike subversion if you subscribe to that idea you are playing into their hand you are rejecting natural law and giving up on the biological goal of your existence you are giving up on your race and nation sort your life out or swallow a shotgun blast
nope disgusted muted keep your kike smut to yourself
my bitch told me i 'm mean & amp ; evil but i 'm blunted
its jews again !
mf !
may god take these creatures away from us
holy shit .... see if i was there your boxers would be off and cos i 'm a nasty slut i 'd eat your ass while you jerked that huge dick and came on my face 😈 😈
cross post from r / news , 100s of stories of men who have been approached and chastised while with their kids or for interacting with kids in public
is there a reason why , jew and hebrew end with ew ?
one day we ’ ll talk about how guys have normalized different forms of sexual harassment because “ they ’ re not at the level of rape ”
no one : nobody at all :   not a single soul white people : " oh you care about others ?
you 're a dumb retard nigger n u love fags u should kill itself n the jews deserved the holocaust .
that 's why blue lives matter "
the criminality of homosexual acts is consistent with western values one should not confuse western culture with current fashion especially since many of the current fashions are symptoms of the disintegration of western culture on the same order as the islamic invasion
benny boy is just as anti white as the rest
forget god 's promises .
the defeat of arab armies in their quest of eliminating jews and israel from the region adequately justifies ownership of land .
now running in the park , see how i masturbate on the bench slack al sharpton menhaz zaman york landing markham andrei vasilevskiy ontario michael irvin ground zero tawana brawley santino william legan circle k stephen romero rev al tiny desk concert reverend hates whites & cops url
notice how jews constantly use the knavery they pulled on mankind during ww2 calling all capitalists nazis as a cover up so that nobody can call them communists in return but that s what all jews are communist trash
great that the jews lost !
these muslim incels are the next abu lahab
we 're out just got ta keep looking i live in east texas out here its just as hard for us to find single white men
to write about leftism without mentioning jews is as absurd as writing about milk but not mentioning cows yet it done all the time
< user > i am sick of negros always wanting a white person to come and save them white people are not going to save us
spring break is finally here .
guess what i 'm going to do ?
yup , lots of writing . #
poetry # amwriting # campnanowrimo
i find it easy to get around being called a racist sexist nazi homophobe if you are just an asshole to everyone
what s the difference between black people and jewish people ?
black people do n't need to get a whole other race to kill them
the soldiers storming the beaches on d - day may as well have gassed those jews themselves .
do n't hate woman and gays , tell me how you 've come to this conclusion
that is where leitch has a better idea : judge individuals as individuals , not as part of a group .
not all muslims are islamists , some would - be immigrants are actually trying to escape from the islamists .
we should be able to tell the difference , and accept those trying to escape , while refusing the islamists .
but if we are too stupid to be able to tell the difference , as we were apparently too stupid to tell the difference between ordinary germans , jews , and n*zis , then i guess we are stuck with trump 's blanket ban based on country of origin ...
" obama and kerry have been happy to " stand idly by " for mass murder , decapitations , burnings , sex slavery , ethnocultural cleansing , etc , etc , etc .
but put up a jewish subdivision and all of a sudden they 're not going to stand idly by , no sirree . "
mark steyn
> the great lakes restoration initiative , which focuses solely on issues south of the border , benefited both countries equally as it pumped nearly $ 2 billion into preservation efforts over the past seven years , ullrich said .
so this fund does n't do anything in canada ?
presumably then the federal government and ontario must be funding the work here .
i will become a cold ass bitch because of my treatment
big smile on my face when i think about all the college snowflakes who were so close to banning free speech persecuting white males for being white and male popularizing feminism lesbianism and forwarding the end of times how suddenly shitty their lives must be speakfreely maga gab
all these people say they do not like violence unthinkable keep it legal they sure like this woman shooting up youtube do not they violence is commitment everyone respects it
i 'm not sure how you got that from what i said , but sure .
i have an ego for wanting a world where men are free from a rigid , socially enforced code of conduct that the majority of men can not live up to .
fuck me , right ?
what 's the difference between spiders and jews ?
you do n't remove spiders with a vacuum cleaner .
< user > < user > nah nazis are evil
this co ordinated attack on the white patriarchy is fundamental to replacing white men with women and minorities fewer whites males in power and in the media makes it easier for the power structure to behave inimically to the white population and dismantle america as we know knew it
i do n't think you need to stop caring entirely .
it * is * an issue .
just because some people like it and consent to it still does n't detract from the fact that sex between women is indeed fetishised heavily by non - hetero men .
another successful day for our pm .
it seems that the sky is not falling as the cons would have you believe and we 're not even getting " attacked " by terrorists every day .
i guess the cons have nothing to offer anymore .
hey matt , tell me some more about roy moore .
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
why do jews watch pornos backwards ?
so they can see the hooker give back the money
you missed the act of union of 1840 whereby lower canada and upper canada were formed into the united province of canada ....
i 'd overfill that pussy with cum until it was leaking out and spilling everyone on your blanket , then i 'd start stretching your ass until it was sore and loose from my cock .
what ?
what does that even mean ?
i liked the money pit .
palestinians are dyed - in - the - wool jew haters .
how dare the un or anyone defend them in their ongoing attacks on innocent israelis .
religion < number > down ay and in it place a blend of identitarianism and nationalism lets make it happen the jews though they have got communism and fuck white people upism
it been shown by men smarter than me that sending free shit into ghettoes only makes the problem worse just because that ghetto is continent sized why would the principle change giving people money they did not earn only breeds more dependency sink or swim i care not
who will defend us from communistic agendas there 's too many transgenders , we straight white males , they will end us :(
great advice bernie !
< user > you are not white bitch
because it is the epitome of leftist mentality ... you disregard immigration laws you support baby killing you are anti white anti christian anti american .... i grew up there ... in my day we worried " why ca n't johnny read " today they worry " why ca n't juan illegally enter and wear a dress to school "   hollywood san francisco and silicon valley is the core of the anti american left … now your gov has the nerve to ask the rest of america to kick in a repair california .. let your 7th largest economy fix it or kick out your illegals and save billions ... … @esmeralda ramirez
oh for chrissake grow up alaska and even the rest of the country .
there are serious crimes in this country and a bunch of people smoking pot is not one of them.and for you anti pot or whatever , do n't like it , do n't smoke it .
seems like a natural subject for a 1 - session alaska reality tv show ... 

 " the alaska bridge in the middle of nowhere " ...
pure nonsense .
arabs have been trying to rid the region of jews for centuries .
only with the refusal of the palestinians to share the land consistent with un partition resolution 181 and then go to war to prevent jews from declaring a state , did the real conflict begin which as we know the palestinians lost and lost badly and now are crying unfair related epithets including apartheid .
as a   belligerent party to the conflict , the arabs are lucky and should be thankful that they get to remain in israel with full civil rights .
most countries would have deported them by now .
the hangman ’s daughter series by oliver potzsch - highly recommended if you like historical fiction / mystery novels
< user > are nt the < number > men frm queer eye the 1 tht got recently put on blast < number > shitting on bernie cus of his style n deciding < number > set gay rights bck < number > < number >
you depressed ass niggas got ta get off my snapchat lol
every time i gave a fuck , that fuck , fucked me over .
and fuck fuck fuck tang ina fuck oh my ! ! ! * ( ! *
^*&amp;^ #
i do n't think you need to stop caring entirely .
it * is * an issue .
just because some people like it and consent to it still does n't detract from the fact that sex between women is indeed fetishised heavily by non - hetero men .
" kill them [ unbelievers ] wherever you find them … and fight them until there is no more unbelief and worship is for allah alone " ( quran 2:191 - 193 ) .
people that are agreeable & amp ; want the acceptance of the masses , their story is never their own it belongs to social norms / conventions
only issue is i hate pussies like you masquerading as a man , fuck off
roguestar is one of those ppl that i would n't be surprised to see on the news for shooting up a store .
but no one would call him quiet / nice .
i 'm not completely sure what exactly you are contesting here .
if you are taking issue with an anthropogenically - enhanced " greenhouse " effect ( agw ) , are you asserting that we can not employ spectroscopy to observe the interaction of light and " greenhouse " gases , or are you implying that you are simply not aware of its use ?
i wanna be a tie hung up somewhere on the end of a rough day
as a christian , think we both agree radical religious terrorists are a blight at best and our world would be a much better place if they did n't exist .
sadly for any people of faith ( christian , muslim , jewish , etc ) , our hearts are heavy when people justify horrific actions in the name of their faith , twisting the beliefs as they act counter to what mainstream believers hold as most important .
there will always be those who are on the fringe or have crossed over into mental illness .
lets give some incel answers •a man with money that does n't make me have sex with him .
•a man with good dick game that gives good head , and lets me have a sugar daddy
100 % agree .
mlk is still the standards for fighting racism .
his legacy and name lives on to this very day ... in the minds of all people of color !
this is a war for the minds of men .
blm will crash and burn .
the world is waking up to trump the kike scam
the jews juden are whitewashed palestinians arabs the only reason they have any brain is because of us otherwise they are nigger semites arabs sandniggers
homeland terrorism ‼️ but they gon tell you it 's the illegal immigrants fucking this country up
and thanks to a great mother her son will grow up to be a proud white man btw is that the famous cat from hell
no one had ever heard of " ex cathedra " before 1870 , yet you claim it existed in the 15th century .
interesting .
jews and others are damned was the teaching .
the teaching has changed .
accept it .
while you are at it , accept that god is loving , merciful and just , and does not damn people just for the hell of it .
( a ) misleading technicality ; ( b ) put aside afrikaner for a moment and consider the broader point ; ( c ) ( i ) such heavily concentrated wealth at the top indicates economic disease , ( ii ) their race indicates a persistent racial problem ; ( 1 ) you 're defending the bantu education system ? ; (
2 ) i 'm not black ; i 'm white monopoly capital .
you 'd think afrikaners would do better out of apartheid than 3 in the top 16 - perhaps they were too busy blaming the english for their lack of will power ... or the jews ... or the arabs ... or is that ignorant and racist ?
domestic terrorists need to go
i 'm tired of black people like me being silenced all the time in reddit .
i would love to hear all of the other white people in the comments to stand with me !
what ’s a nazi ’s favorite joke ?
knock knock 

 who ’s there ?
not jew !
* just came up with this while at work *
tonto ? ?
yta .
the worst part of this is gall at being offended by his " unprofessional " behavior .
i 'm gon na shit all over this person and then be surprised that it upset them .
🤣 🤣 🤣 fucking classic sociopathic reaction .
it 's only business until someone reacts negatively to me then it 's personal and they were the ones in the wrong .
you a garbage sub - human .
my blood is boiling .
jahannam awaits all those who harm the slaves of allah .
url
a majority white area is a suburb a majority non white area is a ghetto
< user > i jus don ’ t think it should be in a kid show 🤷 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️ ian homophobic but i ’ d cancel it too
oh my fucking god .
you have a pussy to worship .
to kiss , nibble , lick , suck and fuck
explosive ?
maddow and msnbc management should be arrested for the release of confidential information .
her credibility is now zero .
good ideas ... you would have had a place in nazi germany .
let ’s get the irish , italians , russians , and puerto ricans that hang flags from their mirrors out of this county .
let ’s also get people out the country that have any decal on the back window of their car that starts , ends , or includes anything with 907 in it .
let ’s also put a little yellow star of david on them jews to keep an eye on them too .
keep an eye on the koreans here in anchorage too ; they might be north korean spies .
yes , a lot of his followers are bots .
we have known this .
this is n't news .
it 's mein kampf and no he never said anything about killing every jew on the earth like the jews claim he wanted to do .
i am fucking amazed it took this long for weinstein to pull the jew card got ta give the kike credit any other kike would of pulled it day one
so what is your proposed solution ?
you may be correct but not in your " hegemony " comment .
there are a lot of young white males who have no privilege and never have and now they have no jobs .
i saw some of them at my kids ' high school .
most of the award winners were not white and over half were young woman .. it speaks to the success of programs and resources to help girls and minorities succeed .
we assumes that the white boys are okay and do n't need any support .
are they ?
some are , some are defiantly not .
it is surprisingly easy to identify the white boys who need some support and intervention in high school , you can see them crying out for help while they are causing a problem in a fast food restaurant .
perhaps early intervention to help them find a path forward would be helpful .
just calling them misogynists and racists is probably not the solution .
they need the care and guidance that they are not receiving at home , as do all youth regardless of background .
love not jail .
$ vix folks , has the front month ever been in backwardation with spot at this level ?
i 'm guessing yes , it just feels so strange .
drinking a beer and watching # masterchef in what can only be described as lounge wear .
life is great right now !
my god look at these barbaric ppl .
and these pigs all watching .
they r a very , very sick culture .
and omar and rashid want this crap here .
this is america not the middle east .
round them up and send them home .
i just said it does n't happen and now you are saying that i do it ?
you are a fuckin nazi haha .
what a fuckin idiot , imagine that you have a mother who raised you to be like this ?
to attack americans on an american website .
you must be fuckin retarded if that is your response .
and he was given a traditional moslem sea burial
damn , you must be a jew , ‘ cause you ’re burning hot !
i believe that trump is correct on this one , and that it is the radical left sending these threats .
neonazis would n't only be targeting jews , they would target jews , blacks and muslims .
wow we did n't do anything the first and second series of downs ... to start the game .. hand off to saint j 3 times .... punt ... hand off to saint j 3 times .... punt ... when brown passes later .... he misses by 10 yards .. or puts our receivers in a pickle .. shake it up coach .. new qb ... different offensive plays .. gamble on defense ... my coach use to tell me to do something !
do anything # 55 ! ! ! !
do something coach !
i am < percent > irish origin both parents irish no dirty jew here the kike never infected ireland
@hlaurora63 stop the islamization of the west and other christian nation states with borders .
muslims will never integrate peacefully into christian societies .
( wave ) swell : 2.3 ft at 11.4 s ese / wind wave : 1.0 ft at 5.0 s se / wvht : 2.3 ft / apd : 5.6 s / mwd : 107 ° / 2:00a edt
the goal here is to eventually have up a pretty dashboard where you can go and see up - to - the - minute stats on this stuff .
what do you call two mexicans playing basketball ?
juan on juan
what are you on about , you tedious faggot ?
bare in mind there are only < number > million jews in the world give or take and billions of other people of all religions when the day comes you < number > million will be mincemeat this time not fertilizer
they are stuck in an ever - lasting limbo of " jews are subhuman trash that does n't deserve to live because of their bad genes " and " jews are so powerful and intelligent that they control all aspects of society "
my grandfather drew a drawing of mlk dying a day before it happened .
i guess you could say shit got real
@courtneyaydenn well sis took basically her whole career from black artists so it 's okay
sorry but perverts existed already and has nt increased as proven by me data .
try again little bigot .
yeah , fuck all the abrahamic religions
where is the constitutional debate now ?
where is the charter of religious rights and how will justin and the quebec judicial system rule on this ?
you ca n't cherry pick the constitution , even for political reasons .
one of the simplest ways to stay happy ; just let go of the things that makes you sad . #
aldub90thweeksary
i absolutely adore this art piece yet because of a few comments i saw here i feel the need to note that sexuality and not confirming gender roles / self - expression is not to be confused .
but at least your family was n't jewish !
the homeless jew is homeless becouse he is a ex - offender .......
sounds like something that needs a team of shark kike lawyers to sniff out
his career is not " finshed"-per the post i answered .
job approval .
more approve of president trump in relation to the economy ( my focus of course after the great recession spanning 2 presidents ) than disapprove mourning in america .
you took all of these combined : job approval on economy | job approval on foreign policy | congressional job approval | direction of the country 

 ca n't do that .
economy and job approval - 9/17 - 10/3 	
 approve 45.6 
 disapprove 44.8 

 https://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/other/president_trump_job_approval_economy-6182.html
we will see there best i can figure is if we cut those dick mutilators adrift then dune coons would not fuck w us no more esp cuz they ain t gawt no navy
< user > < user > < user > lol 😂 it got raped by viswasam
" for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son , that everyone who believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life . "
john 3:16
oh , i love the gays !
i do n't know what i 'll do without my gay boyfriend !
i wish i could cope with drugs 
 but i have no friends or anything who cam get me these high quality drugs
" do n't worry , the economy will balance itself . "
not working out so well , is it ?
funny , how in lib math $ 10b = $ 30b.
figures that this homo would promote kike behavior while saying kikes abhor it and blaspheme at the same time ion
yea i m a beat this hoe up
if you bake cookies for santa , what do you bake for hitler ?
jews .
you bake him some wholesome jews .
haha what an idiot .
we literally gave you the answer and now your relationship with your brother and his husband is in the toilet .
you made your homophobic cunt pandering bed so go lie in it .
oscar pistorius has been sentenced to six years .
all he wanted was a new bathroom door , but his girlfriend was dead against it .
i made the mistake of checking your post history .
oh boy .
anyone that likes chicks with dicks , feel free to proceed .
what about watersign faggots
put all mexicans in prison wit him
bighorn - youtube first run in whitefish - montana - skifahren in den rockies mit skistern.de - skireisen und mehr ...
i am not a normie i am an incel 
 i have read this subreddit , and i have seen that i have too much in common with incels .
if your church helps 3 rd world refugees but does not help white american opioid addicts your church is actually a suicidal leftist satanic cult
* wake up nigga , time to get the cake up nigga *
huh ?
is he suggesting that jews are doing it to themselves or that democrats are doing this to make him look bad and there really is no threat ?
i 'd be scared to death if i was jewish and had to depend on this nutjob to stop the hatred .
sad .
so , so sad .
i am not jewish as it happens but support the great israel from the dirty arabs like you suggest yo go back to your cancerous family as you have not been brought up normal you spastic < user >
unless i 'm at a funeral or 9night i ca n't have mannish water .
it just taste right when smaddy dead .
i need my back cracked like a mf glow stick by them tiny little asians in la
hijabs and burkas are to hide scars from abuse and acid burns to women from men who think they own them if you wear them or are ok with women wearing them you have to admit you are ok with abusing women
mom : : oh , so you 're straight now ?
mom : : you 're a lesbian again ?
no , mom , still bisexual .
i have this conversation with my mother everytime i have a new romantic partner of a different gender from the most recent ex .
it makes me feel invalidated .
talentless trash .
may a gang of pcp addled negroes assail her jewish slit with their giant penises .
🙏
i like the five gay guys it uplifting
is the current state of female hypersexuality and promiscuity a product of design by international jewry ?
were .
not .
buying .
it .
acosta ! ! !
you ferengi acting rat faced tool of isis = israeli secret intelligence service !
you got the verdict and the sentence you were ordered to get !
after all it is evidenced that the former israeli priminister ehud barak was serviced by epstien / maxwell 's sex slaves .
epstien and g maxwell are funded by israel to do this to produce this evil after all the talmud says it is perfectly fine for a jew to rape a goy ( a goy is what these jewish suprimists call anyone not jewish ) and if brought to court the goy should be killed so the jew can live peacefully .
damn even when you roast yourself niggas still find ways to roast you 😭
why is it that whatever the topic and no matter how tame my comment , my views are vetted so rigorously that they rarely appear , and yet beegor 's comments are published ad infinitum ?
cripes , we got his point without having to endure another half dozen mostly redundant posts .
same for a score of other seemingly favoured gm commenters .
unarmed women and children are a huge threat to cowards that wear diapers and carry guns url
well done at least someone is getting off their arse and taking action rather then sitting behind a computer being a cyber warrior.i hope others will follow suit
trump is not a kike he a shabbos goy who works nonstop for the promotion of israel first policies go re in your ghetto forums
$ 900 million in crystal meth seized australian federal police found 903 kilograms hidden in boxes of wooden floor boards shipped from china .
no bbc news coverage of polish couple who were beaten and gang raped in italy in suspected migrant attack they found room for this though
love the great choice !
because instead of facilitating employer engagement with the educational sector to align training requirement so canadians get hired for good paying skilled employment , the government is bending to business lobbyists who do n't want to bother , and simply by - pass canadians and canadian recent graduates , by bringing in people from abroad .
this is not going to help canadians get jobs which would increase consumer spending .
it 's going to suppress economic growth , keep debts high , not help canadian families etc .
it 's addressing the needs of employers , not the needs of canadians .
employers are already getting their needs met 10 times over canadians .
the changes are to benefit foreigners and employers .
and not canadians .
the whole issue why the economy is not doing well is because canadians are not being prioritized for good paying jobs , not spending so not driving the economy .
that 's why we need to substantially lower immigration labor , and foreign workers , internal mobility program workers .
@realtidbe put a fucking condom on .
or be celibate .
or fuck girls you have an interest in .
it 's so fucking dirty to continuously raw dog chicks you do n't have an interest in enough to kiss them dude .
discussion over i m not changing my mind lmfao .
that 's why i hate men 😂
@thehill america is a white supremacist nation .
super rich nigger super rich jew joins forces to tell us how horrible the white man is white people stop giving your money to people that hate you
religion is still a thing ?
hmm .. go figure .
silly humans and their fairytales .
no christian should disagree with providing for the needs of the less fortunate .
kill everyone and say that god told you to
they sure are .
did you know today is jew ’s day ?
it ’s ash wednesday !
< user > seven north korean refugees are missing in shenyang china < number > < number > occurred please please help them
unarmed women and children are a huge threat to cowards that wear diapers and carry guns url
bye bye bannon you bloated barbarian .
hello all ; 

 critiquing the headline 

 trudeau denies he was lied to by his ministers regarding this fundraising rules breach , but says he ’s ‘ open ’ to his ministers starting to follow them ( fundraising rules ) as reforms .
why does mr. trudeau need to lie about this ?
who is he protecting from the truth ?
maybe himself ?
could it be that sunny ways are n't working anymore , not even with his own cabinet   ministers ?
in closing , best wishes and best regards to all ; 

 mr. brian leslie engler
yeah , because we those guys had a hand in genocide .
which people did they annihilate ?
thank you that what i think too we are white spanairds are white hence hispanics are actually white and asians are yellow and africans are black there only < number > races
happy new year !
well , i guess not really , because it 's not chinese new year yet . ...
just kidding !
the school property tax levy provides revenue for the educational system in bc , with rates set annually by the provincial government .
about one third of the entire education system is funded through the school property tax .
in 2015 , the school property tax system brought in $ 1.869 billion in total .
of this , $ 742 million was from residential properties and the remaining $ 1.127 billion from non - residential properties .
the school tax makes up between 20 and 40 per cent of a business ’ total property tax bill , depending on the municipality .
i wonder how much education taxes were collected from first nations this year or any other year .
this should make every white man blood boil our kiked establishment is literally handing off our women our most precious resource to foreign brown invaders wtf kind of clown world shit is this
let 's show our love for kisses by liking and leaving possitive comments to all her pictures & amp ; videos .
ty !
~ joy
zionists always paedophile satanists
< user > ‍ will not talk to < user > ‍ or < user > ‍ because of bad optics but will go on a stream with kike doxxer laura loomer and talk shit on supposed tradthots you really are a pathetic piece of shit kid
the democrats senate leader n.y .
sen cuck schemer er ah chuck schumer helped create the diversity visa program which reportedly provided a green card to the islamic immigrant who allegedly killed eight new yorkers on < date >
< user > hatt fir jihad islie ki jisko dekho uske against fir kar rahe hain muzzys 🥴
no .
more like burn down all religious buildings .
< user > putin makes a great point if the refugees were really just seeking shelter however one of the goals of islam is to rule the world the refugee crisis was created intentionally and is nothing more than a form of jihad putin understands this and knows obama supports it speakfreely
as a traitor and an agent for israel of course he wants iraq broken up and the kurds will be an extension of israel in iraq .
iraq said no way do we want a mini israel in our country .
the jews failed trying to destroy iraq for the secong time with their private army isis so now they will try to use the kurds
so what ?
how is a jew threatening other jews any different than muslims and arabs threatening other muslims and arabs as they do in syria , iraq , lebanon , sudan , nigeria , yemen , somalia , etc . ?
only in this case , the jewish person was arrested and charged , whereas in syria and iraq no muslim or arab is ever arrested and charged for threatening and , worse yet , killing thousands of other arabs and muslims .
plenty of examples where israelis have committed crimes against arabs and have been arrested , charged and convicted .
the thousands of muslims and arabs that have been killed in syria , iran , nigeria , sudan , and other arab and muslim countries have never been arrested , let alone charged and convicted .
give your head a shake !
< number > eleven yr old white girl raped by < number > muslims and its just rapusts paedophiles getting it wrong sometimes
as someone who was brought up in a religious family with two christian preachers , my life turned around for the better and i became a real productive member of society when i went to community college and gained job skills .
you call me a loser but in fact you do n't even know who you 're talking to except someone who does n't share your point of view .
the problem with religious actions like this is people wasting all that energy and resources on something that is not even real !
so that is why i say pathetic- someone trying but failing majorly to do any good .
and bronze age zombie jew- welp , those are just facts .
except zombies are n't real ! (
some might say ancient desert tribe with no knowledge of how reality works , rather than bronze age , but i do n't think that 's what you are really attempting to dispute . )
when you perceive reality as a slur , you need to examine your beliefs .
i suggest doing what descartes did- doubt all that you believe to be true , * everything * .
" this reminds me of when that lesbian came to my job and got mad and called me " " homophobic " " because i would n't give her my number & # 128557;&#128557;&#128514;&#128514 ; "
< user > well you ’ re not ugly bitch
( margaret atwood is among them . )
somebody better tell maggie this could drive up the cost of adult diapers .
to each their own i prefer not to get into pissing matches with wn on either side of the kike on a stick issue i d rather find common cause with both factions i am sure a christian would provide you better discussion on the matter
keep me from drawing fanart for the second save nct dream episode they all look so cute in traditional clothes omg
yeah , that comment is still relevant .
/r / movies and movie industry in general are not female friendly .
life is so ghetto i am tired
facebook allowed advertisers to target ‘ jew haters’.png 


 today , propublica published a bombshell report showing how facebook allowed advertisers to select anti - semitic categories to target certain users .
facebook apparently has ad categories such as : 

 * jew hater 
 * how to burn jews 
 * history of why jews ruin the world 

 really .
well , if you are trying to target groups of nazis , white nationalists or just super angry white guys who want to dress in matching polos and khakis while carrying tiki torches , you may want to select these categories .
and facebook is totally there for you !
at the end of the day , facebook is a business and their product is you , the user .
they will take any money they can from advertisers , because that is their business - selling access to you .
so if you are a nazi , they will market that .
and to the right company / group / political candidate / hostile foreign government working on behalf of a political candidate , that is what they are looking for - nazis .
it would not take much for us to convert some garages into holding cells and begin arresting these kike servant politicians who are betraying us
@rachael_swindon and fuck the jews
imagine being so retarded you think calling nationalsocialism leftist is an argument while ignoring the literal jewish communist foundations your ideology is based on
everybody ai n't loyal , everybody ai n't street , everybody ai n't you my nigga , everybody ai n't me .
if you real then i can see it & # 128293 ; & # 128293 ; & # 128293 ;
why we got ta be so podunk , tird world , banana republic here ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
police commission chair who obviously knows early on that cuz is going to apply for chief job and says nothing til a week before the decision ? ? ? ? ? ?
part - time mayor who , despite getting the green light from previous ethics commission , does n't clearly see the conflict of image impression he gives off for collecting two six - figure salaries ... one from us the taxpayers ? ? ? ? ?
w      t      f ? ! ? ! ? ? ! ? ! ? ! ? !
i 'm tired of all the holocaust jokes that 's why we gas them .
amazons two day shippings got me fucked up because anything that takes longer than two days to come feels like an eternity
breaking president trump says he giving strong considerations to placing illegal immigrants in sanctuary cities ap
< user > i live in new york this is against our first amendment rights we have illegal aliens that have raped murdered stolen identities stabbed robbed imported drugs and trafficked women and children they should not be here nor should people that call them out be penalized
everybody mourns over such tragedy , especially for such a distinguished life .
i wonder if he had instead avoided politics altogether , whether he would have arrived at this cancer .
well , we 've already had one film actor in the white house ( who arguably was n't all that bad ) so why the heck not ?
me , i 'm holding out for a female , lesbian and jewish candidate with a domestic partner as a spouse .
in the 33 incidents you refer to where " armed self defense occured , " as those were " gun free zones , " were the persons who provided armed self defense carrying illegally ?
or were these not actually gun free zones after all ?
or was it not actually " self - defense , " but law enforcement intervention ?
is there another scenario i have n't listed ?
owaisi crying < number > rohingyas has never have tears for < number > kashmiri hindu pundits killed tortured raped driven away from their homes with anouncements 4 m masjids support of rohingyas b deshi muslims is for change demography for muslim majority to turn india into hell < number > hindus
given the importance of bees in food production , we need to stop the use of these pesticides immediately .
when the power goes out and you 're in a room full of dead cats and you find out there was just an earthquake that you did n't feel : ----- ) oh
this is more common than you may think .
i was 1 of 4 jewish kids in a large high school in eastern pa .
the amount of crap i took from teachers and/or administrators because i am not christian was pretty damn frustrating .
that crap was everything from being sent to detention for not wanting to sing christmas songs praising jesus as a part of a required christmas pageant , to being told pointedly that i would fail a class if i missed a day for the jewish high holidays .
those holidays happen early enough in the school year that there is no way i would n't be able to make up the work , but since the teacher had scheduled a test for that day , with no way to make it up , i was out of luck as far as he was concerned .
thankfully , my parents are both incredibly pushy and managed to make most of the problems go away without resorting to suing .
as for the christmas songs , i would have been fine if they had been the secular rudolph and santa type songs , but not full on religious ones .
name one similarity between gamestop and the holocaust both enslave their workers
common sense says the solution to every problem in the world is white men jews say the problem with everything in the world is white men it would seem that jews are a problem
0:54 that truck has a racist driver
campaign 2018 is underway .
no prisoners .
< user > lmao cos you think a white person can do a better job than a black man
what 's the difference between metal detectors and jews ?
jews only detect gold
she s a fat kike lol
times have changed a bit , rose .
v2 required that religious women renew themselves by returning to their charism , so that process you request has already happened .
i 'm not sure why you think that convents are full of anyone these days , but i do hope that you can see that these older women are doing much more than many younger women are doing these days .
i did n't realize that you were actually grousing around , but at least we can agree that these women are doing good work .
happy good friday .
70x7 is the jewish equivalent of infinite .
your understanding is insufficient .
you know , i 've always felt this .
he says and does things for 2 reasons : 
 1 .
he thinks that 's what his " base " wants 
 2 .
he just wants to upset americans .
he takes such glee in it .
and " they " like it .
ooga booga send the immigrants back to africa
fuck them both kill sandniggers kill jews what s the issue islam will be resorted to a pile of shit pic related its islam and those who defend it and yes that is a steaming pile of horse shit
wisconsin what do you mean wisconsin is toast large scale black violence and invaders are common there they blew up a gas station
socialism is a slow , long - term economic death .
eventually cash - out exceeds cash - in , and it ca n't hold .
that 's what happens when the really smart and productive people see all the benefits of their work taken , and given to a whole bunch of other people .
how does venezuela stack - up on your list of socialist successes ?
how about greece ?
shall we discuss sweden 's rape problem ?
how about norway , where a middle - class family ca n't afford a new car thanks to the crushing taxes on it ?
just because you throw the word " democratic " in with socialism does n't make it work better .
it does n't make it right .
is there anything greedier than demanding the government forces someone to give you something you did n't earn ?
socialism ends in breadlines , and human suffering .
most buildings that housed residential schools are still standing .
many people aside from the first nations have visited these buildings .
they are monuments to toxic stress for the children who were taken from their families .
they continue to haunt those who had to endure all kinds of abuse .
the legacy of lateral violence continues to ride roughshod over the lives of many first nation families .
however grim this construct was , it was never like the nazi holocaust .
nothing in history has been so evil .
yes bpd borderline personality disorder mothers destroy their sons paul is very much a leftist he does not accept the different roles of men and women and there it is a white man dares to argue with a white woman and she ready to be bred by blacks and arabs fantastic
@adam craig your lord is the shekel jew god and he is actually the devil you you trumpy satanists secterians will be removed soon the hellfire waits for you guys but see what happens in this world to you epstein trumpys
wow , autumn in the " great white north " and a low temperature above 20c !
what is the similarity between killing a jew and a gun ?
they 're both gas operated
being president for 2 weeks does not prove your already long list of predictions will ever come true .
one could say the the destruction at the inauguration , berkeley & nyu are more representative & similar to the black shirts of benito , then your assumptions of trump .
umm .... the jewish people in france are fleeing because they are becoming targets of hate crimes by radical muslims which have been allowed to flow into the country .
train guy as in the driver this is what happens when your base is mentally retarded and has mental issues
trudeau perhaps could have continued to litigate the suit by khadr all the way to the supreme court .
he probably would lose given previous supreme court decisions and settlements paid to others , like the $ 10 million paid to maher arar , by the harper conservatives .
it is unlikely the supreme court would compel the government to apologize .
going all the way to the supreme court would have taken a lot more time and cost a lot more money , but it would have given the trudeau liberals political cover .
so by making this decision now , trudeau is making a political albeit principled decision .
i am surprised that no one on the right has yet to suggest that the government use the notwithstanding clause to avoid compensating khadr .
i thank god people are waking up to the corrupt regime in america aka the jews iron grip on american government and the zionists baby killers controlling america from israel .. american people need to wake up !
your soldiers are dying because israel ca n't stand people saying what they are doing in palestine is genocide and against the law of human rights .. zionists pigs only want power over every nation through their crooked ways
wewereneverasked daca is clearly not consensual it is abusive to legal immigrants and citizens doctor sekzi < user >
all christians , jews and other religious denominations are angered and will retaliate every time another muslim demand is made and honoured .
this is beyond ridiculous that muslims are allowed to force their religion down our throats .
this is a very serious situation and there will be more violent attacks when our government refuses to curb this activity .
muslims can take time from their days at school to pray , yet our lord 's prayer has been dismissed as being controversial .
yes , this is going to get very ugly and could easily turn into civil war .
that comment is not outrageous .
muslims have come from that very climate and they did n't leave that on the shores behind them .
this is just the beginning of a rally .
ca nt we just focus our efforts on the mulims and deal with the jews later one spreads much faster then the other
careful man , people on sf do n't like asians bashing .
abiyma'el israel or just slaughter the disgusting things like they do to others .
make real justice be served !
like the native americans and isis are doing .
< user > it fucking retarded that pit breeds get singled out for this i have encountered a human aggressive pit dog aggressive yes i have met some aggressive other breeds though german shepards do not get this same treatment
the asian men who can not find wives in their own countries could perhaps be introduced to the american and european women who can not find husbands in their own countries
thank you to all the talented black women journalists who came to our ⁦@queensugarown⁩ press conference at # essencefest .
we appreciate you .
we respect you .
we see you .
onward , sistren !
url
if you or old soul are threatening me , let 's meet face - to - face like real men .... and we will work out our differences .
i am a paid subscriber to the rg , and can post what i want .
are you a man , or just a keyboard warrior ?
white moms yeah my mom is gay black moms yeah he call hisself liking boys
labour branch secretary suspended over hezbollah ' love ' poem : - huseyin abudharr ali also claimed hollywood is zionist propaganda machine and compared israel to isis # labourantisemitism   @uklabour @sg_labour @jeremycorbyn @londonlabour   url
{ image consultant } } } * searching for volunteer models * for : * fashion shows - photo - shoots , * mua tutorials , port - folio work .
exactly , like the carbon tax cult .
typical liberal jew .
where is hitler when we need him ?
well if you ever wanted to sum up a greasy hook nose performance that it < number > deep block behind a team who have lingard and pereira in the front < number > lmao ca nt wait for him to get the sack
damn school was crazy today what s going on with rhhs
you are arguing that white people willfully stop black people from succeeding do you even read your own posts why bother is built into the black ghetto culture you have to seek self betterment rather than teach grabbing from others dnc tells the black community they must grab < user >
i did n't get how the 5 minute dance linked to you being gay you only really needed to read the title and you would know but it 's different i guess ....... i did n't know you could dance so well and i love the bit at the end .
jasmines there !
<3
yez i am a slut < number > gossip xx
“ i wanna spank ur creamy ass until it turns pink ” sir i am a negro
hey son why are you on your phone and computer so much , are you texting your girlfriend or something ?
it makes me so damn angry that the swedes ca n't see it ! ! !
sixty - five years after the u.s. supreme court declared school segregation unconstitutional , oklahoma city public schools is still grappling with the " white flight " spurred by integration .
url # oklaed
any purported ` ` holy book '' which says such vile & despicable things as the talmud says about mary & jesus can not come from a place of goodness .
jews are so convinced of their superiority that they think they can trick god of their love & fidelity by pretending to honor him .
tesco shoppers in mold , flintshire flee man wielding machete | daily mail online edit : sorry i just saw this has already been posted .
+ black pill join allah 's ( god 's ) nation .
the kingdom of god . #
noi.org .
he got you a flag and everything and satan respects it .
watch the weather , allah do n't play .
< user > they are both gay listen to better bands made by better bands gang
@superpaperclip @mo_sawyers1 @jikookiesnsuga @elliebowman58 thé lgbtq community in the usa have privileges that many other groups do n't have though .
and i 'm sure this faggot will face zero consequences .
so , hobby lobby does n't have to pay for any single drug that could * possibly * effect a fetus ?
because that means hl no longer has to provide any form of coverage at all .
by your definition , just about everything but aspirin is an abortifacient .
give me control of a nation ’s ebook supply , and i care not who makes its laws
fyi the relay nigger arrived shekels delivered
this will definitely help rolo to get more local high school players to stay home and play 
 good fit for tui and rolo .
good luck to the whole team .
go bows ! ! !
boredom is being content with your current situation in life .
it 's up to you to bring consciousness to the equation and remove boredom & amp ; do .
i like that argument - it 's perfectly valid : parents who force their non - gender bias on their children , such as deliberately avoiding or concealing or confusing the truth about their child 's actual male or female sexuality , are violating their child 's rights to know the truth about their gender and to be raised under that gender .
comparison of available options 
 all women:1,000 + in real life , local options and countless online 

 chad : 1,000 + in real life , local options and countless online 

 other men : literally no options 

 if a woman is single , it 's because she 's balking at her numerous available options .
let us be honest if you leave your girlfriend after she has a miscarriage or her telling you that she pregnant you deserve to have your dick and balls chopped off and same thing applies to rape and sexual assault and abuse
everyone in 13 reasons is fucking dumb why did i watch this when i knew i hated the book&#128514 ;
there is no cure for homosexuality .
because there does n't need to be .
we can only hope there is a cure for brexit party 's anne widdicombe 's ignorance .
# ffs   url
well , look at kansas ...
< user > i was afraid of that i have avoided malls for years there was a used to near me but all the stores went out of business it was leveled and made into an upscale outlet mall it was ok for first few weeks but white high school girl shoppers outlet prices proximity to ghetto folk disaster
and they are using highly leveraged stolen money to buy us out our leaders think its great fair trade and free market capitalism in action do not like it what r u some kind of nazi commie
i absolutely adore this art piece yet because of a few comments i saw here i feel the need to note that sexuality and not confirming gender roles / self - expression is not to be confused .
cried leaving work today knowing i 've said goodbye to some of the greatest ppl that have had the best impact on me @ target
fragile masculinity is my favorite thing .
it 's so innate and evopsychmagic and yet one false move and it is gone
self hating jews i guess .
there are millions of jews   who are anti - zionists which must make things awkward at times for the non semitic zionists who currently run things in israel
how do you get a jew girl 's number you look at her wrist
i understood your point and thank you for making it .
part of why as a younger man i felt i could n't be a dad is becsue it did n't happen nuch at all 15 - 20 years ago so growing up a family was one man one women .
adoption was done by straight couples who could n't or did nt want to conceive natuaky .
gay people were never ralked avout as wanting to build families even fron within the comunity .
hopefully my children 's generation will be able to see same sex adoption in exactly the same way as straight adoption but for my generation that 's not possible .
two kids are fighting in the holocaust one of them takes a fistful of ash from the groud and throws in in the other kid 's face 
 the other kid screams " hey !
no parents involved ! " .
actually feel sick .
cruel fucking bitch want to rag her fat clapped forehead around url
♪ & # 9835 ; ♬ believe it or not i ' m gassing the jews , i never thought i could feel such glee .
< repeat > their ashes flying away in the air , there 's nowhere to flee , it 's so good to be a nazi ♪ & # 9835 ; ♬
i been a real busy boy with my girl pregnant and all the hell if been dealing with to get here and i feel guilty for taking time for myself in playing games when i know i should bask in it before my little one here if earn a little me time at least .. 😥
if all else fails blame the us .
the us has absolutely nothing to do with the fall of venezuela .
maybe you should blame the us for hitler or stalin or other marxist socialist regimes .
venezuela is clearly the work of chavez and the leap manifesto .
as anywhere that the government runs things it screws up .
they prefer to have all people under their thumb to crush both their social and economic dreams .
it is disgusting .
< user > i swear lee min ho will successfully turn me gayy 😪 😪 💔 💔
well gabfam it thursday thank the gods of course it cold wet grey gloomy and shitty but meh that oh for you have a great day remember make the world a better place shoot a kike in the face
just sat here in the festive period watching ' annie ' sorry kate and gerry , that 's what i call her now .
reading manasseh 's tweets on the gender of scummery reminds me of the disingenuousness of our neighbours : quick to say men are scum based on higher male variability but wo n't accept male dominance at the higher end of the intelligence spectrum because fight for equality .
seeing trans people that are hot af definitely makes me feel more secure and comfortable and hopeful .
illegal immigration is a misdemeanor .
home invasion is a felony .
apples and oranges .
< user > there should be no little mohadishu in america deport illegal muslims assimilate
@iambeebeeiam even before my transition i would n't use the b - word to insult another human being .
it 's gross .
it 's in the same spectrum as the c - word .
nope .
i cropped it from this one because it just fit the story line of your kike mii player so well but here the full beauty
( 2/2 ) the amount of fuel supplied to the narcissist and not become an emotionless person in the rest of their relationships .
now ethan will have to use that money to rebuild apd and patch the wretched potholes that lack of maintenance created , yeah thanks a lot , sullivan !
e - sir @drjoeabah @frscnigeria i 'm still waiting your thoughts on the my drivers license waka today .
we the people se no racism .
only the real racists see racism in every word they don't like .
what 's the difference between a bullet and a jew ?
the bullet leaves the chamber .
< user > you should support families victims of illegal alien crime but you do not you should fight against abortion but instead you condone it including late term and even after a baby is born what a ghoul you are northam
you have not a clue what your talking about neo your obviously a retarded neo con
i am praying that this world really see the mindset of this what would people call her it not one healthy human being does this white everything is white so as she loses as all these diverse nationalities it all once again a scam racially and anti gay
< user > did not understand it tho you going hoe
how do you get a jew to stop following you you throw a penny in the middle of a   highway
minorities have rights
home pv systems are going to be no more resistant to high wind than anything else in the typical house , you 're right .
however it makes as much sense to build them in hurricane - prone areas as it does anything else , including a traditional above - ground grid with transformers and suspended transmission lines .
actually , the installation of of solar pv makes very good sense from the point of view of reducing ghg emissions and mitigating global warming -- which in the longer run might reduce the severity and frequency of storms too .
in fact , in a sunbelt area that has lost most of its traditional grid , and much of its housing , it makes perfect sense to rebuild with pv since everything has to be rebuilt anyhow .
my experience in katrina however , suggests that it wo n't happen .
the grid and the housing will be rebuilt to be almost exactly the same as it was before ; wasteful , vulnerable and extremely profitable to the utility that provides the juice .
why do i feel like mas bagay si i m sa kin
he fucked me hard and good .
now come clean me up cuck !
oh , and cucks little penis is still locked in his tiny little cage . #
hotwife1220 # cuckold # hotwife # realcouple # bisexual # biwife # creampie # chastity # malechastity url
< user > dead jews got me feeling cute might seig heil later idk
i 'll never forgive them , never forgive they put my heart to the test for all the harm they have done double bang in their mother
it makes as much sense as putting russian troops in mexico .
would be interpreted as a hostile act .
but canada has not much choice in this matter .
we do what usa wants us to do .
and of course the rest of the nato members because that makes it less expensive and safe being part of the club so to speak .
usa notices when we refuse to play along like declining to join the " coalition of the willing " in mr. chretien 's days .
and finally it would make no sense at all to go to war over latvia .
could be all of our undoing .
so more than senseless it borders on foolish .
i wish i could use a harsher word .
so many people , including over half of the damn country , figured out that owning , raping , and murdering people based on their skin color is wrong .
i 'm sad that those who did n't were willing to murder fellow americans to continue to rape , murder , and otherwise profit from the incredible suffering they happily inflicted upon other human beings .
i am also sad that the decendants of these unfortunate people need to constantly deal with people like you who trivialize slavery and the injustice that continues to exist because of it and the policies that followed it .
just responding to the title of this video , not the content therein ; however - you ca n't win without the black vote .
so obviously buttigieg is n't interested in winning without the black vote .
because you ca n't .
i mean sure but it 's wild to me to see how much users will jump on the chance to complain about women .
none of these stories are funny or instructive , and we 've already heard a thousand times that women 's body hair is disgusting , so what 's the point of posts like these ?
same guys ranting on this post about women 's looks and behavior will be offended by a girl saying she does n't date under 6 ' .
hitler set some jews on fire and then jews go to palestine and kill muslims in it the joke there is no relation
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > ur r shudh < number > percent photoshop fake jihadi
it so nigger future blm member is what you sound like are you from houston this sounds like that nigger garbage from that shithole damn break that programming you are a jew tool
go easy on your bib , autist .
jews are whites too and whites are not the most advanced race either .
yes this means that heterosexuals are discriminating against queers and need to pay reparations
i hate you
buying pussy or smoking weed could get you more jail time than being a traitor to your countrymen apparently
oy vey the shoah blue bloods last night had a white guy doing polar bear hunting knockout game of elderly at least he wasn t blond this time like hawaii < number > < number > did with last nights innocent moslem framed for terror
the soldiers storming the beaches on d - day may as well have gassed those jews themselves .
see the way jordan is blaming anna for him avoiding her ? !
absolute nut cases men are # loveisland
what was hitlers favorite activity ?
using the burners
ok y' all it 's pride month and i do n't know who needs to see this but :   being bisexual is not a greedy choice and men can be bisexual as well .
" for god so loved the world that he gave his one and only son , that everyone who believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life . "
john 3:16
i read a cardboard sign from a panhandler yesterday about < number > year old white male i was droped by allin need money for food i could barely make out allin aliens i am sure he wasn t droped either drugged maybe
what did hitler tell the jews when they ca n't solve a riddle .
take a gas
well , we have a bunch of racists in our neighborhood ... take heed people , listen to what they say .
they are the sperm of the devil .
just now watching a movie on the survival of the jews in europe .
watched the news on the chemical bombing of families in syria .
you would n't understand genocide of a culture , would you ?
because there is only one people in your racist mind .
do n't like the mixing of races in hawaii ... you do n't get it ... that is why we are so tolerant of the differences ... well , except for those who still feel otherwise .
time for you folks to go home to your own kind .
lemme see .
for the bible thumping idiots ... were n't the jews the ones that had the white mans jesus murdered by the parasites and leeches that made up the imperial roman empire ?
after white people are thoroughly minoritized in the us every white ghetto will have a robert e lee boulevard running through it
thank you .
my mother was beautiful .
all of dad 's wives have been beautiful , but l feel blessed to favor my mother .
how can you be too dark to be white ?
does he have tanned skin ?
i thought white people wanted tan skin on purpose .
they judge him for a natural tan ?
that is strange to me .
many girls at school ask me where l go to tan .
i do not tan .
i apply tons of sunscreen so that my face and hands do not tan more .
i would look strange when l am at home and not covered .
if female voters were discounted , labour would have won every election since 1945 .
trolling for trump : how russia is trying to destroy our democracy https://t.co/lhuqiox4h5 przez @warontherocks
what stupid jew about know about russia these stupid jews making bible classes in school while the teacher teach american kids at gun point about there lord these jews are coaching our kids to hate these jews are forcing our american kids to be accompanied by israel to help hate muslims this is not acceptable america should n't accompany .
israel must be destroyed russia must help destroy israel
there 's a fog advisory in effect and visibility is very limited in some areas .
drive with caution . #
ymm # abroads
hoes gone be hoes
often , words become ' offensive ' only * after * some assholes * choose * to be offended by them .
i have no problem paying this gas tax , and using the pfd to fund state government as long as there are no exemptions ..... 
 everybody needs to pitch in regardless of income .
yeah , socialists want to exterminate jews , like that jewish guy bernie wants to do .
i 'd say the level of ignorance and lack of education is comical , except it 's so detrimental to our country .
read a book sometime .
honesty hour : like this post and i 'll dm you a name and you got ta quote the tweet and be honest about how you feel about them & # 128064;&#128539 ;
big ups , jays .
astros are potent , some of the posters here are n’t , but let ’s hope sanchez 's fingers do n't blister up .
go jays .
next do : " do all gay men think the same " i wonder how they react to the differences
< user > it okay to be white
one would think presidents * would be more careful of what they say .
< user > how do you distance yourself from nazism but at the same time you speak at their march
fuck you jewish cunts and us lapdogs .
kill yourself instead
" and all the other groups of muslims in many countries around the world , that want to destroy jews , christians and non believers " 


 that would be all of islam
will the system be synchronized with other national ( mostly u.s. ) systems ?
wo n't help you to be able to board a plane in canada but not allowed to fly over the u.s.
i 'm only getting blonder , tanner , more fit .. my mental health is stronger than ever ... like fine wine over here & # 128524 ;
it an infinite regress of jews jewing romans jewing anglos jewing jews philosophy and logic can not help us here
i have a dream that someday people will be judged by their character not by colour , faith or sexual persuasion .
i have a dream today .
rolloff debunk 
 - 
 hell will freeze over before your dreams comes true anywhere outside the west
fucking kike wannabe minority
lady in the back blinks when " her " camera red light goes on .
part of the tranny show .
before ya deny ... see : transvestigations on yt .
trannies are proud to show how it 's done !
👍
if special teams were on scooters they could even go on the sidewalk the wrong way down a one way street to get to an od faster .
i can tell you it takes a few minutes to run around the one way streets in the dtes .
fire trucks are not the answer and de genova is right .
sometimes people who od do n't even want to go to the hospital and they should have that right .
if a post od clinic or supervised rest area was set up in the dtes , it would go a long way to alleviate the massive use of resources to the point of breaking at hospital emergency rooms , ambulances , and police and fire fighter attendance with od 's .
there are more efficient ways to deal with this crises that not only are better , faster and more directed , but would also free up first responders and er 's to do what they have always done , as well as save money .
it 's a win for everyone .
special response teams and a single doctor in a clinic could look after the od 's who were stable instead of overwhelming all other resources .
look all american good solid nw european descended white men women but have balls by your behavior fight club theme i think this is more important than which flag they will twist their photos but see the tiki closeups they still looked solid plausible
offensive joke # 2 what is the difference between a jew and a pizza ?
the pizza does n't scream when you put it in the oven
i have n't watched ... and wo n't ,   do n't miss it , wo n't miss it .
i 'll say this , the coach sided with the ' kneelers ' and when you do that , bring imagined wrongs onto the field of play , you 've made a mistake .
you always get rid of bad apples , and that 's what the nfl and the broncos should have done back then , instead , elway ellis and joseph all agreed with them , too bad .
better to fight for something than live for nothing.- general patton # motivation # focus # selfdevelopment
< user > global patience my foot where was global patience when < number > lakhs kashmiri hindus murdered raped and driven away from their homes by jihadis where was global patience when stones were pelted by pak proxies and jawans murdered by paki terrorists everyday
i love those liberaltears the muslim ban and the recognition of jerusalem as israel capital shows arabs antisemitism causing more redpillingofthenormies i fucking love you president trump just do not be a cuck to liberals donald < user >
need to focus on us , ca n't change anything what has happened tonight at southend or what happens tomorrow at oxford , let 's do our bit # sufc
lmao wow they really do not allow you to go around calling people kike on twitter anymore lmfao banned again
so your saying that because i do n't subscribe to a ' god ' i have no business commenting on things of a religious nature ?
oh my .
now i 'd truly be happy to oblige if only devout theologians , such as yourself , would remain cloistered in the church and stop commenting on things secular ( government comes readily to mind ) .
in the spirit of the new el supremo in waiting , can we make a deal ? ?
i wonder why the jewish media always pretends that all the blood thirsty third world savages are victims and it is all whitey 's fault ?
this bitch talk too much
gamergate started harassing # girldevweek 's organizer .
so we spent the q&amp;a livestreaming the tweets and discussing harassment .
cbristians united for israel a zionist conference full of zionist money grabbing warmongering cunts who believe the world is about to come to an end weirdos
halifax a muzzie boy choked a grade < number > girl in the school yard this was retracted censored re written re released to cover up the problems with immigrants media msm is not allowed to tell you canada calgary edmonton vancouver winnipeg regina halifax toronto montreal saskatoon victoria
< user > dumb bitch said the n word then forgot she posted a selca that showed she was white then tried to come back and say she was joking
what happens if a jew runs into a wall ?
it becomes a paywall .
do n't vote for that jew is you do n't want to be a jew supporter .
signed , nazi germany
" hatred is at the root of much of the world ’s horrors " 

 muslims and liberals love to excoriate us about islamophobia , but we should bear in mind islam 's entrenched racism , xenophobia , homophobia , misogyny , anti - semitism , hatred of christianity , europe and america , destructive iconoclasm , and even islamophobia against each other .
entrenched civil   wars between kurds , shiite , sunni , wahhabi , druze and other islamic sects , isis , taliban and al quada are the root causes of most of the wars and social chaos happening around the world today .
it is a purely thankless job to try to stop muslims from killing other muslims , or non muslims , or gays , or women ,   or jews , or christians , or buddhists or hindus ..   it is worse than anything expressed in the west , even by trolls .
well , ole joseph certainly has all the answers ..... then why is he not fixing it ?
" i think we 'll probably end up terminating nafta "
imagine if horoscopes were n't fake as fucking sin .
if u ai nt a christian i m a stab u in the face
you should join the trans girl groups ( e.g. duck tales ) on telegram to get more localized friendship and advice .
my fevorite part of a math problem is the final solution .
collectively with bitches
makes you wonder just how bad our education system is here in canada when we do n't have native born canadians to fill any of these putative jobs .
as we have seen in quebec , sentiments inflamed by the msm may trigger a response in the opposite direction .
the msm forgets that there is no one of jewish faith left in the middle east and very few christians except the coptics rump in egypt .
they do nt care to wonder why .
nor do they care about the frequent attacks on jewish synagogues in montreal .
what hypocrisy .
what journalism .
they are nothing less than the yelping dogs of the corporate elite ..
< user > if you tell the truth they will hate you for it and the more you tell it the more they will hate you
10/10 bro as a bi dude i can say your look perfect and i 'm not saying this as a pickup line , you genuinely look good
i do n't take it for granted that i woke up this morning .. i thank god that am still in his wake up list . #
grateful @powerfmuganda @watotoch
i receive as much height discrimination in my daily life as a receive racism in my daily life ( as a black guy ) .
that is to say , not very much .
but that 's not the way to look at it .
the better way to look at it involves how society regards " out groups " and the marginal difference between the likely " quality of life " that a person will experience from having a certain social privilege versus not having it .
this bitch is the single worst ambassador for trans folk i can possibly think of .
it seems like she 's a professional grievance - taker / hate crime huckster .
< user > hey those who do not want to understand never will it always starts with the person in question there no need to kill yourself over someone who does not want to change when many people do and will ^^ it never your fault when someone stuck in their position
< user > ya lil bitch it too late for sum mf milk n cookies faggot 🤣 nigga was a real fool
@thehill america is a white supremacist nation .
as a honky mofo i hate honkies who hate other honkies just because they hate being honkies they ownselves sad is not it let us get a movement going move to mecca that should work well for lgbt and jews
for goodness sake .
nobody seriously thinks globalists are a   group of rouge jews .
this is so silly it is outright laughable .
99 time out of 100 if someone says globalist .... that is what they mean .
stop the lies because you know this but just lie and lie and lie .
you seem to want to destroy yourself further .
i come to the globe for a laugh now .
the microbe & fail .
you are a disgrace now .
and the gun manufacturers stock prices are soaring today after yet another shooting .
http://www.businessinsider.com/las-vegas-shooting-gun-stocks-reaction-2017-10
impeach trump .
he 's a danger to the united states and all that it stands for .
deprogram his deluded followers ; they 're as bad as the germans who refused to see that millions of jews were being killed right under their noses .
mgtow guy we are not women haters we are women understanders hmm interesting might work for jews just as sobran counter semite does leave out the we are not of course i am not i am weak any contruction
remember , this man lives in an alternative reality , including religious and spiritual reality .
he lives in a world that is not yours or mine .
even his god is an alternative one ..... and its name is mammon .
< user > so many meat heads
trump is a clown white men need a leader trump fooled us just another anglo kike server
why my mama just tell me the white men i like look like they say nigger 😭
tonight , 6 pm -don't miss @itvanglia 's feature on red balloon cambridge - for positive stories about # youngpeople recovering from # bullying&#127880 ;
who will defend us from communistic agendas there 's too many transgenders , we straight white males , they will end us :(
my niggas bigger then the bouncer , roll up in the bitch still smell like an ounce
+ ashley lawton if y' all do n't want immigrants let 's begin by stopping the flow of weapons into mexico .. you 're being lied to by your own people
this entire semester i 've thought everyone was coming to this class late ... turns out i 've been 30 minutes early every day !
she is white but looks somewhat below average for a white swedish girl , i think .
vegas is diverse and open to all people .
though there are still racial tensions here and there .
you may find even non whites can be racist towards other races but they are definitely not what defines the area .
there are more left leaning billionaires than you think 
 george soros 
 billionaires in communist russia and china 
 socialism for all but capitalism for socialist leaders with billion of corruption money 
 when it come to greed leftists are not immune
that yeboah chick does the most to prove she s street and ghetto like relax sisterin dear
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
the refugee boats are beginning to arrive from twitter now the leftists are cyber bombing virtual communities too so the real land of libya was not enough destruction and chaos for them hope the freehold of gab can handle the influx of refugees gabfam
what about watersign faggots
why was hitler good at baking ?
he had experience with an oven
imagine bumping into katie mcgrath on the street though i 'd be fucking shook to my core to even function
coke white bitches
freeze public sector wages .
and get serious about a sales tax .
problem solved in 5 years or less .
notley may as well realize her government is finished .
use that freedom to implement what everyone knows is required , but too scared to discuss .
tar and feather in town square park please .
i 'll bring some popcorn .
black americans listen closely to this debate you have been replaced by illegal aliens
@techconnectify eugenics is a hell of a drug
i just try to be nice to people and share my positive spirit but some mfs gon start seeing my mean side & amp ; it 's a whole diff story&#128528 ;
< user > speaking as part of the maybe some others i am older and white but also a cis gay man not lesbian i loved the indigo girls since the < number > more recently saw them along w mary chapin carpenter and joan baez in charlottesville four voices < number > years ago
shocking this is a similiar incident to that of a boy in england recently who was killed by muslims for wearing an england shirt .
i 'm not going to congratulate vs for this .
but i am going to celebrate valentina 's success and be pleased for any and all positive trans representation .
cool i see white people having babies with asians and blacks at this moment
men always commenting on females vagina appearances .... 97 % of y' all shit be beat .
two tone ugly af , making hard lefts / rights , long but skinny af ( useless ) , balls small af ... but go off sis
it 's not an act of love to treat all reported " pain " as equal .
if we truly care about someone 's greatest good , an act of charity might be to tell a person to " brush themselves off , grow up , and move on , and serve someone close by " .
it 's a sign of spiritual immaturity and instability to " encourage one 's intellect to assign " such importance to such matters .
the intellect has been " co - opted " by the passions , and that 's a bad thing .
people would benefit more if they did n't let their emotions ride roughshod over their intellect , fanning the flames of every little set back .
stronger people " bear up , smile , turn toward others to serve them , not to whine to them .
others , they move onward , get busy , build , construct , repair , deepen friendships " .
spiritual resiliency .
they do n't whine about little events 45 or 50 years after an event .
they " move on " with god at their side , very close by their side .
" rage " no less !
now that should cause some deeper examination and rectification .
i got to get the trash out and make breakfast for the frau and start laundry so y' all be good till i get back .
cracker out !
" that 's right goy go die for israel and take down some dark people while you 're at it " -@repcohen url
< user > < user > there are literally nazis all over all the time rigjt now throw a rock you hit a nazi
dunno about 99bandit , but i paid attention when they started teaching ( european ) french in alberta and bc elementary schools during the 1960s bilingualism panic .
g&m , google , etc .
target me with ads in both languages .
francophones i speak to for the first time often ask me if i lived in france for years .
others i worked with in on it contract split between victoria , bc and saguenay were too polite to comment on my european accent , but told me that i speak french very well .
people like you are the problem .
either find a time machine and go back to the 30s or get with the times .
people like you are n't accepted or welcome into modern society .
i guarantee you would n't say these things in real life , you 'd be ostracized .
must be so hard to be you , " muh white genocide "
stop the bs spicer @presssec .
if @housegop would have moved forward with nom of merrick garland this mess would n't be happening . #
obstruct
lol oh yeah ok you wanna fight lets go queer anyone who jojns the military withour being drafted is a faggot too
black peoples was invented by hitler when he tried to burn the jews twice
gazans could have built a power plant & a sewage treatment plant , but they decided that it was more important to build tunnels into israel to murder innocent jews .
the only problem is that jews were not destroyed by themselves or any one else .
at this point , when i see something about a degenerate show trashing our people , checking to see if it 's produced by a jew is a mere formality .
i 've always been proud of the igbo tribe and our culture .
yesterday made me even more proud .
you people are too fine abeg . #
ogbakoumuigboday
well i hope you did n't hurt his feelings .
interesting comments from men on here who have experienced significant loss of wealth due to relationships , marriage and divorce .
wente , you need to remind people that for a lot of our history , the world ( including uk and europe ) expected women to bring a dowry into marriage .
this was the norm in families with property or wealth .
the idea being that there had to be some parity in the wealth of the partners .
all of this would be considered unromantic and laughable nowadays .
just thought i would raise this point because what you say is the " traditional exchange of sex for resources " is actually a fairly new concept in our history .
< user > here i think about how black women threatened to rescind support to black male victims of gun violence because they felt the support was not being reciprocated could someone argue that this is further evidence of an attempt to break free from being the savior
pussy fag
i would n't have expected , not in million years , that a serious newspaper like the globe and mail would print / present such a blatant ignorance of history like this one by dakshana bascamurty .
just to set things straight , 
 jerusalem was , is and will be an unified city .
the so called " eastern jerusalem " appeared only after the 1948 war , when jordan occupied that part ( by the way , why did jordan occupy the future palestinian teritory ? ) ,
and it started expelling all the jews living in the " eastern jerusalem " ... making it a " historically " arab part .
in the understanding of this " reporter " , 19 years ( between 1948 and 1967 ) means history .
what about the 3000 years and plus of jewish history ?
the attitude of this " reporter " is cleary biased .
and it is disturbing to see such ignorance written in the globe and mail .
and it begs the question - when is media going to inform equidistantly ?
wow ! ! !
i must have missed some stuff that would prove trump is exactly as dangerous as hitler was !
when did he invade poland ?
how is he planning the final solution for the jewish people ?
what other countries is he planning to invade and occupy ?
is he importing slave labour to the us ( stupidly , i thought he was trying to export slave labour back to their countries of origin ) ?
when will he invade russia ?
is there a sudden surge in the value of stocks for companies in the gas oven , piano wire and related industries ?
when did he ban press conferences and media briefings and place the media under government control ( stupidly , i thought he wanted to get rid of pbs and other government controlled media ) ?
did your mother have any kids that lived ?
( that is a trick question , i know the answer is no . )
p.s. you are one poster i can say with complete confidence who is not " just as good as me " .
is that why hindu migrants are beginning to outnumber the native populations in many gulf countries ?
in the current national climate of tax reform and talking about less taxation , caldwell seeks to find ways to increase taxation and grab more hard earned money from the people he is supposed to care about and serve .
as for parking meters , i find that hawaii 's rate are less than other cities and perhaps a study should be done looking at the average rates and is a rate increased justified .
as for the bus , perhaps higher flat rate all day pass that can be purchased at hotels for tourists or at kiosks at the bus terminals would allow for more efficient practices of payment , more access and in theory more revenue .
finally , forget a statue and bandstand at thomas square .
turn it into a dog park .
the people and dogs living in the condos in that area would benefit from a simple park with grass and benchs for dogs to run and play .
but that would be thinking about the needs of the citizens and not erecting a bandstand for the homeless to live in and then the to city shoo them randomly .
john , peoples rights end where my feelings begin .
i have yet to be propositioned or groped in a bar by a muslim .
i have on the other hand had two scary incidents with white working class men , including one who was loudly saying how much he loved trump and ranting about weird conspiracies theories about jewish people , in the last month .
this wo n't be that big of a story because a male got sexually assaulted .
no doubt .
the girls were n't obese and the gays were n't out trying to convert everyone by normalizing their degeneracy .
this is why we won , because americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable .
we need to fight back against the synagogue and their white / mexican / black communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them .
i am armed and i am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to mexico / guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways .
illegals must die .
did he just say that unaborted baby could grow up and bring peace to the middle fuck'n east ?
🤦
how many jews can fit in a car ?
< number > in the front , < number > in the back and < number > million in the ashtray .
umm , talk about fake news , trump , himself says that he is under investigation .
so , if his lawyer says he is n't and he , himself says that he is , who do you believe .
i 'm going with the tweeter in chief .
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/875701471999864833
this is my way of identifying them .
ha ha .
\ > ya know , there 's part of me that believes you 're so brain - poisoned that you actually did .
that would be the funniest thing i 've ever seen in my life .
sarcasm you fuck tard . \
> also , i really enjoy seeing your edits .
i can see the gears turning . "
how can i make my already reprehensible frothing even * more * bird - brained and incoherent ?
oh , more slurs !
of course ! "
the edit 's are just to fuck with you retard .
you 're constantly responding it 's just fun to fuck with you since you 're a low iq jew .
edgy ?
not really .
peter 's material was lazy and lame .
just cause you are rich it does n't make you funny .
bad choice for host on so many levels .
pornhub celebrates 10th year anniversary of kim kardashian ’s sextape with ray - j https://t.co/3gwtvjcqz9 https://t.co/4crhzhrrfx
none of this will be a problem after trump practically removes asylum ...
all these socialist wanna be jew hating punk sissy faggots here on gab can kiss my ass suck on that ya salad tossers
so you are gon na be loud on ig about rapists and stick up for women yet you have raped and abused multiple women including myself and told your mrs i am just your crazy ex and that why i hate you pick a fucken side you sick fuck
" 99 % of my conversations with @naerchanqt begin with something along the lines of " " who fucked up this time ? " " "
i hope you guys accept me in the fandom and that i make some good friends in this fandom ❤ ️ # 5yearswithexo
well , did you disagree with his opinions ?
did you demand he provide evidence for his unsubstantiated assertions ?
did you imply his sentimental hollywood cliches might be more convincing if they were accompanied by a particle of rationality or objectivity ?
you big meanie !
you terrible bully !
you know that makes him feel hated !
you know it makes him feel just like a jewish person being stuffed into a cattle car bound for the concentration camp .
how could you be so inhumanly cruel to him ?
well with circumcision from everything i ve read it 's causes it to either be hyper / hypo sensitive , the color and texture kind of changes and that s really it .
now with fgm they completely remove the clitoris in some cases , sew the vaginal opening almost shut and these procedures are usually done in very unsuitable eviroments for surgury .
install more cross walks ?
slow down the cars ?
there is a responsibility on pedestrians as well drivers .
edmonton has many more cross walks than calgary and correspondingly more pedestrians killed or hurt at crosswalks .
just something to think about .
take a walk with me and we 'll go dancing in the rain and baby we 'll run under a tree ill look at you you 'll look at me
which is why i studied to become an ' ethical hacker ' 18 months ago .
thanks to companies large and small either being too lazy or too naïve to properly secure their networks and systems i 've found myself in the middle of a boon part - time career .
hard to justify investment at any level in a state that changes its position on various topics , programs , and tax structures every time a new administration comes in .
to make matters worse the cost of doing business here is already more expensive than other geographical locations due to many reasons including higher shipping rates and cost of living .
now university of alaska programs are being shuttered at the cost of what ?
oh that 's right , all of our home grown talent - now they can leave the state to attend school somewhere else and possibly never to return .
all of that said , kudos to the commerce department for the mention of research behind their plan that involves looking at what other states and countries have done to try to diversify .
maybe the legislature can make a new law requiring yearly review of a comprehensive plan to diversify alaska 's economy regardless of current fiscal status ( aka oil prices ) .
my baby dick with can this nigger money
that 's because most of them have only a very modest level of education and come from the same social strata of people that rely on payday loans ( i.e. people who have difficulty budgeting and/or foregoing immediate gratification . )
if it was n't for the monopoly position of their bargaining agents ( unions ) , most would be lucky to work as walmart greeters .
no disrespect to anyone working at precarious jobs in the private sector - but that 's where you 'd find the vast majority of your public sector counterparts if they did n't have a monopoly on the " services " provided .
break the monopoly ( i.e. privatize and automate ) and then you 'd break the hold public sector unions have on the public purse - and finally give the taxpayer a break .
now , when was the last time we heard a politician promise to do that ?
thanks for all the work you have put into @gatehub and making # ripple an even more solid project .
@enej_p
lol what 's the obsession with asian ?
i wonder if this guy still thinks the jews are a good thing after the jews just tried to start a war between nato and russia ?
< user > i prefer allah as well praise b2 allah after all allah accepts bitcoin god only accepts kike money end the fed
l shanah tovah to my fellow jews out there may you have a happy and healthy < number > rosh hashanah
polish people are the worst .
hitler should have finished the job .
you 're right , the international condemnation of israel 's policies is n't about muslims hating jews , it 's about most of the world hating jews
we got a race a babies that hate the ladies
🤧   the limousine liberal jews and wasps who want to assuage their white guilt .. sjw maladjusted gays and nigs so they can pester and bother me ; bullshit wack monotheist judeo - christianity values that 's i 'm suck when i leave chinatown
this nigga is retarded !
and in other news , anti - jewish bigotry and incitement to violence given a green light .
now get out there and a punch a jew !
oh sorry , punch a zionist ! !
student politician who called for zionists to be punched escapes sanction from his peers - np 

 those nutty liberals .... one religion good , another religion bad .
personality matters in attraction just as much as lyrics in a song do 
 if you hate how it sounds no lyrics will change that
just because she 's an oc with a well known name slapped on her & amp ; has the basic badass attributes does not make her better than laurel .
i rarely comment on an article 's writing , engaging mostly with other commenters on the topic , hopefully shutting down more rudeness more than i create , but i make exception for this article .
from a standpoint of balanced reporting on the proposed petronas / pnw lng terminal , this is the worst treatment that i 've yet seen despite being well written .
this is understandable as mr jang 's focus would be on his forte , economics and business , but in this case that is far too limited .
few treatments touch on the economic value of the skeena sockeye salmon stock , and almost none upon the " natural capital " of that fishery which extends very far .. 

   the salmon are a keystone of the nutrient cycling of the north coast and it 's life systems , supporting tourism , wildlife , forestry , wildcrafting , fn culture , and of course , fishing .. 

   their value is far beyond fiat currency , as it is continual and unique as oft stated by the terminal 's opponents so casually written off in the last sentence .
what a shock .
the fix is in and the investigation quashed .
has justin ever actually directly answered a question during question period ?
ever ?
in portland we have had alotta businesses have to put up walls where doors once were to combat chronic shoplifting which increased as the liberals spread their foodstamp ghetto culture here in the hopes of making everything all better
what does any of that have to do with racial preservation and the resistance to the deliberate and calculated extermination of the white race and the destruction of western civilization which 99 % of the members of this site are concerned with ?
can this bitch from saudia arabia be deported already
the infidels are coming here and spending money let 's bomb them !
rick ross does   he also says only fat n * * * * in a sauna full of jews
why are only white nations being invaded buy non white immigrants
oh baby look what you 've done now rt harder !
go go ! #
onedirection # youknowyoulovethem @radiodisney
is n't allah the arabic word for god ?
is n't it the same god that christians and jews worship and defile ?
the ideology you describe would bother most people .
seeing as this is the ideology of extremists and not the ideology of the other nearly 2 billion muslims who have similar beliefs to christians and jews and do n't wish to subjugate anybody , i think perhaps we should get rid of the extremists and get to know the other 2 billion muslims
some interesting discussions going on in r / askreddit : men who were raped / beaten by women , what is your story ?
... for a giant zoo toy erected on the playground of a ` ` christian '' school : freiburg west : neues klettergerüst : mit einer spende - badische-zeitung.de
just when you thought the iditarod could n’t stoop any lower … dogs and dope .
why on earth would anyone who claims to love dogs want to support the iditarod ?
exactly what does any of your mindless blather have to do with generating a non - compulsory tax that does not at all tax the working man ?
free enterprise with pot is the perfect conservative move .
yes sky , what it tells me is that even though , as you admit , the article is n't about islam , you will take any opportunity to spin the narrative and make this about islam .
no i 'm not bothering to defend mainstream christianity , it 's doing pretty well on it 's own .
have you ever defended mainstream islam ?
yes the jews did it
i know the game i should teach it , cause these nigga hate for mfn reason & # 129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️ !
mr president if police ca nt find militants of isis look for them at jewish households jews are the leaders of the movement < user >
the thing is , in a relationship , there will be ups and downs .
especially in a long term one gearing for serious . [ ... ]
i should mention it 's not that i think you are necessarily in the wrong , just that affirmative action tends to get the best results , and it does n't sound like you 're in a bad relationship )
blangiardi and hnn totally miss the point .
he is correct in saying people ( sports fans ) do n't need to wait around to 10:25 to get scores and hi - lites .
but that 's the problem .
that 's what hnn showed .
they were lazy in their reporting .
rob demello and sam spangler at khon never sow national sports unless it 's something major like nba finals .
the only other time they will show mlb or nfl or nba hi - lites is to show " local " players .
khon and kitv are at local events , and practices and games .
and they cover local stories .
too bad hnn never figured that out .
but hey , they can say they do more news than any other station .
or put another way , they show the same newscasts on more stations more times per day !
can get all that on line too guys ! #
flashoversubstance
yeah , eagle river is the same around parks and the old jack white building ... lots of fun !
a jewish toddler drowned recently .
he threw a penny into a fountain , hoping it gave him a wish .
his parents then chucked him angrily into the water to get it back .
the sense of panic when u thought you were in mutuals with someone and they re following you but youre not
i remember that but did not know he was a kike
as a post op mtf transsexual , i am appalled that nyc pride would hold this convicted felon and traitor   up as a point of pride .
what is wrong with you folks ?
have you lost all sense of right and wrong ?
manning is a disgrace to our nation , and a total embarrassment to the gay community .
you celebrate this ?
manning   should be hiding in the deepest hole there is , not out on the street waving to the crowd like the queen .
sad day for us all .
i have n't seen any christians , jews , buddhists , shintoists , confucians , zoroastrians , pagans , animists , et al beheading muslims on video , using kids and women as suicide bombers , throwing gays off rooftops , hanging people upside down from meathooks and slaughtering them like a goat , drowning people in steel cages , stoning women for not doing the dishes , etc .
have you ?
no , you have n't .
you need to quit coddling and protecting radical islamic terrorists , eric .
you also need to quit exhibiting your anti - christian and anti -american hate at every opportunity .
i will say another prayer for you eric .
not in arabic though .
be a great american .
vote for trump .
the jew programming is not silent on the matter though is it according to them white people keep money and jobs out of the hands of blacks who are forced to become dindus and chimp out with retard level violence if only we gave them reparations they would be superintelligent space explorers
< user > who still believes vegas was a random act of violence parkland sandyhook time to bring it all to light thesepeoplearesick
people know their nationality not from books but from birth and they are exactly what their parents told them that they were .... your case is different you are telling to your parents that they are not what they are telling you that they are .. that it a case in a billion
< user > well that retarded
the holocaust is widely believed even by nazis like me gasing jews or napalming vietnamese lacks knightlyhood i e is detestful
trump calls haiti a shithole gets universal ridicule in the media hillary brokers haitian children shitholes to kike pedos gets universal acclaim in the media
i went to miss state and only saw 2 jews and they were students .
right on sarah sanders !
she 's not forcing anything on anybody -- it 's done silently and privately .
psalms 14:1 the fool has said there is no god .
which is in the jewish old testament .
for the loud unbelieving jewish friends .
oh wow i never knew that what a feminazi was holy shit i definitely do not fit that bill i just thought it was some made up word
if racism is america 's original sin , then anti semitism is the original sin of the catholic church .
please remind us bishops cupich and murry , just how long ago did the catholic church actually stop damning the jews for murdering christ ?
care to talk about the inquisitions which targeted jews dear bishops ?
or the universal legalized silence of the catholic church in nazy germany as a result of the concordant ?
or the billions of dollars the us   catholic church rakes in every year bringing muslins into this country from the middle east and elsewhere on the taxpayers dime ?
bishops cupich , murry , et al , you are a gang of covetous hypocrites .
stop attacking the united states of america .
how dare you ! "
make £ 45 today # bookiebashing !
follow our easy instructions & amp ; start earning now see @ukbookiebash for # free sign up # workfromhome # rt
" stop pretending that appealing to a base of voters is some new concept that just started in november 2016 . "
no !
you stop pretending that t rump 's comments were not designed to appeal to his white supremacist base .
wait first !
how did you @missmoshiku get the guys account number for you to return the money ? & #
128533;&#128533 ; # 5kbae # keepthechangebae @firstbankngr
[ xpost]girl abandons boyfriend same night she met c - list rapper at nightclub , only to be abused and kidnapped .
i 'm not saying owning is always better than renting , but a couple factors you did n't consider , is the home in the long run will go up in value , considerably more in the last 5 years , where as the cost of renting will also only go up , and you will have nothing but cancelled checks in the end .
you may argue that every renter is wise enough to invest the difference between mortgage & rent payments , but we all know that 's not the case .
the home is also appreciating tax free .
in addition , her contribution to her bf 's mortgage is $ 650 per month , but if they were to split up , she is not going to find rent in toronto for double that amount , unless in a less than desirable area .
< number > israel the only country to have its borders defined for a specific nation jewish ppl2 jews pray < number > x times for the re establishment of our h land < number > pali syriana name given by romans to israel other areas < number > jewish sites only evidence of arabs is toilet on har habayit
what place did hitler get in the marathon ?
none , he ca n't even finish a race
donald is going to fix everything on january 21st , 2017 and on january 28th he will rest .
daily reminder that kikey was removed not because he was a trump shill but because he was a shit moderator who fucked over the board with a bo sponsored raid then went to sleep 8 chan
sandalphon not allowed to be in any hot attire that selfish bitch god
now now lets not discriminate between muslims and jews , i say get them all back to the middle east and turn the whole sand pit to radioactive glass .
sadly , most men are way , way to stupid to think beyond there ego .
so they double down , double down some more and then lie ... including to themselves .
" white jew - god mind " , well we know where 3d 's head is at .
bigotry and racism .
must be another graduate of the hawaiian studies program at the u of h.
why hitler was a good person he was generous enough to make 6 million jewish people toast
" please provide evidence of your allegations , along with proof that longer prison sentences have any effect whatsoever on lessening domestic abuse . "
as for the first part , gov. walker signed sb 91 , which lowered the penalty for virtually all criminal offenses except murder and sex offenses , with no exception for domestic violence .
as for the second , perhaps when gov. walker said he supports a " no tolerance " approach to domestic violence , he meant " lowering the penalties and reducing jail time " .
if so , i 'd like to hear him say it .
i suspect i 'll be waiting a while .
how to pick up chicks how do you pick up a black chick ?
noose .
how do you pick up a mexican chick ?
border patrol .
how do you pick up a muslim chick ?
body bag .
how do you pick up a jewish chick ?
dustpan and brush .
how do you pick up white chicks ?
flunitrazepam .
christianity is exploding in africa because christianity is a primitive jewish sand nigger religion lol no surprise there if only white chritsians moved over there took their primitive jewish sand nigger religion with them
so , what would those poll results have been if the cost to the us taxpayer had been given ?
so white industry is bringing life you can see why the volcano demon chosen people and their various golem in their secular death cult offshoots would be appalled by this their aim is to destroy civilization and leave the earth a lunar wasteland
how did hitler kill so many jews ?
free transportation
hey there faggot faggot kike jew nigger faggot kike jew nigger why you sub iq bruh ?
why u no develop your own stable and secure country without the evil and suppressive huwhite man ?
y r u gay ?
url
< user > because you re retarded
@elusivebeatdown kankri worships at the alter of his brother 's sweet pussy , working his lips against karkat 's dark dusky insides in a prayer more devout than than any he 's ever said in church .
theory : egalitarian / matriarchal societies breed higher levels of chads due to sexual selection by females , while patriarchal societies breed more incels / betas as women are unable to exert selective pressure on the males .
do n't tell this lady they also named a whole country after the n word .
rf9 : and your point is ... ?
that you are unable to incorporate new information you read or you are unable to empathize ?
or perhaps you just want to demonstrate how not to be an inspiration to those around you ?
adhd is a profoundly difficult psychological condition that functionally manifests as impaired executive functioning .
i walked side by side with my wife when she went through self - revelations at age 50 like those of the author .
that was 15 years ago , at a time when adhd was supposed to magically " disappear " at age 18 .
the author 's story is eerily similar to my wife 's , who has since gone on to accomplish things she could never have imagined accomplishing prior to diagnosis and treatment .
the author and many other commentators are an inspiration to those around them .
you , not so much .
again , i can only offer what i have read .
this woman does n't even know her .
chris get these women under control .
one at a time speak .
shut up you blond bimbo
< user > this pos is a jihadi waging jihad is it not obvious by now
nazis were happy people , they took life lightly .
especially if it was n't their own .
this bitch is weird as shit
radicalization is learned at home from loving parents , and   not simply from online video clips as you would have us think .
radicalization is taught around the dinner table , eating mom 's   home cooking ,   as the adults   discuss   the destruction of israel and evil jews .
it is instilled into young minds with every nod of father 's head at the mosque ,   listening to fire - brand imams preaching hell fire damnation of america   and the glory of martyrdom .
radicalization is justified by how proud mom and dad are of   their son the martyr .
and it 's not just with regards to the priesthood , the threat also pertains the women 's ability to birth children .
here 's the dual message :   women birth babies , they do not birth the eucharist ................. and this is in spite of the fact there would be no eucharist if a woman had not birthed the eucharist with zero male help .
god does both incarnations and the male church ca n't accept their own teaching .
so was chris brown talking bout hisself when he said " these hoes ai n't loyal ? "
just another shining example why islam needs to be eradicated from the planet
@bsv_metanet @richschultz3 religions should be forbidden .
every religious zealots would have kept us in dark ages if they could have done so , they tried , & failed .
we should burn them all like witches or keep them in church ghetto style area & go ahead with technology human enhancement for everyone else .
our governments refuse to give us justice eventually that leads to us fucking taking it whether i hold these opinions or not it eventually all leads to and devolves into a violence contest in the end
black kid gets killed by white man ... and the white man even admitted to why he killed him ... but he is mentally ill ? ?
and putting race aside .. a kid gets killed over some damn rap music ? ?
becuz it was too loud ? ? ?
wow   white devil
lastly .
you chose to make the article public , so suffer the consequences of people disagreeing with you in a public forum .
you made the bed .
lie in it .
what 's the difference between mo farrah and adolf hitler ?
mo farrah can finish a race .
what a sundy ghetto store a pawn shop
how many people does it take to change a light bulb ?
0
" trump signed the executive order concerning refugees on international holocaust remembrance day , a day with painful echoes of a time when the u.s. closed its doors to jews and other victims of nazi persecution who sought refuge in the country . "
the irony of choosing this date should n't escape anyone .
people pretending to be righteous gasp at the horrors of the holocaust while supporting trump 's ban on admitting refugees equally in need .
fearful , selfish , , ignorant   hypocrites .
no .
more like burn down all religious buildings .
reading manasseh 's tweets on the gender of scummery reminds me of the disingenuousness of our neighbours : quick to say men are scum based on higher male variability but wo n't accept male dominance at the higher end of the intelligence spectrum because fight for equality .
an observation the most anti gay men i know tend to be good with women either because they are players or they know how to keep their wives under their thumbs the most pro homo men i have known are either incels or stuck in relationships with bitchy ugly women who dominate them
white guy it a witch hunt white guy they are a lynch mob white guy in that country they throw faggots off of rooftops
this sub needs a minimum account age restriction 
 there are too many trolling posts that are made by fresh accs
that s it ! !
i m gon na get a waffle cooker right now kids get in the car , i m making waffles !
the term you are looking for is jew libtard neocohen or any other faction of kike it all comes to the same thing
if someone buys my dna test kit , i 'll kick @alternative_right   in the nuts in my dreams and thank you for it .

not this bitch
if that was the case then people would not call me a nigger just because i made a joke
you get what pay for comment :   i believe it may be entirely possible that trump and bannon and other key members of the trump inner circle are actively fomenting this sort of violent , disruptive behaviour , and are waiting in the wings for some sort of " reichstag fire " moment to suspend the u .......                                           correction :   i believe it may be entirely possible that soros , hillary(donating $ 800.000 to the altright)and other key members of the deep state ..............
if the pyramids were built by europeans instead of africans they would n't be trying to say aliens did it
i got an idea , how about the state of alaska owns all public property in alaska , except that which the feds have surveyed .
i want a huge trump nigger scandal and the jews i want people saying yeah you know trump is right – i am sick of these niggers and kikes also
< user > < user > koran does give men right to rape their female slaves nowhere in the koran does it mention < number > prayers though i am hearing more and more muslims deny al bukhari hadith now this is a good start 👍 🏼
ethics are ethics ; that 's why ambrose went silent .
dunno not good enough he should offer his wife to the negro as
lady in the back blinks when " her " camera red light goes on .
part of the tranny show .
before ya deny ... see : transvestigations on yt .
trannies are proud to show how it 's done !
👍
california released criminal illegals here some you should know about i am going to use every power i have to stop them trump white house released list of criminal illegal immigrants set free by the state of california in lieu of allowing ice to detain them
the death toll from the holocaust has officially been updated it is now at 6,000,011
britain and usa are israel real enemies and the palestinians and other arabs are potential partners against american imperialism
this match is fucking insane ! #
rohsupercard # hardysvsbucks
right ?
it sounds like alaska might just become the ideal place to live !
now if we could just get rid of the undesirables who brought their california liberalism north with them , it would be paradise ! ...
" ugh i cringe when people tell me they want to " " rekindle things " " with their ex .
you stopped fucking with them for a reason so stay that way . "
left , right , blue , green , black , purple- who cares ?
stop threatening and attacking the jews !
it 's so goddamn simple people !
this is not acceptable in canada or anywhere for that matter !
get your ignorant , obstinate ,   monkey heads out of your     a s s e s    and stand up against this sort of hatred !
this is not about politics , it 's about maintaining safety for everyone .
@kenneth johnson you look like you eat food off your chest .
big hungry ass nigga
why is this crap in the globe ?
israel is an oppressor nation which conducts bus tours to watch the israeli air force decimate   palestinians in the gaza .
when i think of all the bulltweet ink spent on the " weaponized armoured personal carriers " sold to the saudis , i can only marvel at how the jews get away with their own version of the holocaust .
oh that cute you have taken up the shitty catchphrase of the subversive gop kike douglass mackey subversive traitors get the bullet first
swedish prime minister stefan löven condemns minor attack by muslims against the synagogue in gothenburg he wants more money for holocaust propaganda and harsh punishment for antisemitism swedes have been murdered and raped for years without him saying a word a shekel for a good goy
sam got locked up in gay baby jail for drinking demon blood
rt @infidelalie : yay for america & amp ; israel ... we put in more jew hating muslim trash into our government !
pathetic & amp ; sickening
so what if muslims become the majority ?
anybody who knows any muslims knows they are little different from any other religion or culture .
how often have you heard the muslim community balk at usury ?
almost never , and its too bad .
personally i think we ought to subscribe to that jewish and christian notion of forgiving debts every seven years .
but what can you do ?
it practically goes without saying that in a century canada wo n't be predominantly white .
so what ?
i lived in waterloo where some streets by the university are in chinese .
so what ?
the answer is very simple -- propose the projects with a _ complete _ budget and analysis for a vote by citizens .
if all the folks like joemaruschak , who are " creating opportunity , " bring their brilliance to bear , i 'm sure the people footing the bill will go for it .
-- paul
the difference between hetero and homo couples part i
same here .
i had no one know about me .
even saying i was bi was barely a thing .
surprised a lot of people but i 'm really no different .
i get to express myself as a gay man now and that 's most important .
a trusted , sexy partner and the confidence to know i 'm doing the right things to set an example for my kids .
yes but difference is that putin is still in charge and jews have to behave , while on other picture jewess albright is in charge and is there to give orders to ukraine , so you ca n't really compare .
i hate to be the bringer of bad news but his real name is mark shouldice and he just another shapeshifting kike e merch chasing shekels look that name up
is this not how isis and terrorist in general are trained ?
i 'll pump a few loads in your cunt
what is hitler ’s favorite number ?
6 million
m : why should n't they ?
if you do n't think they should then why do you think non - resident workers should pay a state income tax ?
afterall they utilize fewer state services than any tourist .
the headline at 7:49 am : 

 " enrollment at lcc rises again after years of decliens , but fewer students are attending full time " 

 perhaps the headline writer needs to attend full time and change that trend .
so be sure not to do anything so our kike overlords do not become angry with us
fuck ! !
aaba is fucking maddddd & # 128293 ; , stay woke ( @joeybadass )
lol and what was right wing leader vox gay doing about this with his movement oh yeah trolling grannies out of book reviews on amazon great optics bro
not good news at all but this happens in all european nations and is no doubt pushed by the likes of jews like summer redstone and mtv ! !
" there 's a train coming , get off the tracks ! ! ! ! "
" no , if god wants me off the tracks , he will move me . "
i 'm not sure if i 've read any more destructive religious dogma in a long , long time .
this stance of passive acceptance of god 's will is truly amazing .
i 'm an agnostic and wo n't get into a deep religious debate .
just one point ,   if , indeed , there is a god , and he / she created humans , how do you , james , know with such certainty , that he / she does n't want us to play an active and direct role in " saving the planet " or " saving life on the planet " ?
i 'd be interested in your answer .
thanks , gary crum
you will never convert these fuckwits .
abandoning them means nothing .
what we need to do is build a coaltion of support down south and force it on them .
they 'll go along .
i m thinking that if whites in mass began ple 's the jews would just cross out the word white and add the word minority in its place .
happy # pridemonth .
a necessary reminder for all allies to continually and consistently stand against bigotry and in solidarity with the # lgbt+ community url
marrying your kid off to some rich jewish east coast family is swampwhites ' contemporary equivalent to nobilitation .
what ’s the difference between a black guy and a white guy ? “
i have white guilt ”
israel is not scary meddles in world elections including the us da goat fuckers are da problem the reason you have goat fucker problems is cause you got hook nosed shekel counting kike problems
< user > oh good so no money for all of the refugee centers that will be a big help for the people in them this should make things so much better because lack of funds can put food in their bellies and buys a lot of warm blankets wtf
@clipzys ha ha probably the dicktionary you faggot
3/3 
 i know you are not in the united states , but you seem to follow our politics with interest and insight ; and so puzzle me this : what do you think the reaction would have been had president obama referred to a federal judge who had ruled against him as “ this so called judge ” ?
what do you think the reaction would have been if the judge had referred to trump ( who is enormously sensitive to any implication that his presidency is illegitimate ) as “ this so called president ” ?
what do you think the reaction would have been if obama had brushed off criticism of putin ’s propensity to murder his opponents by saying that the united states “ is n’t so innocent ” ?
can you see -- can you acknowledge -- how reckless , irresponsible and dangerous trump is ?
< < do n't dismiss this summarily .
> > 
 i did n’t .
< g > another three - part answer !
i tend to be long - winded in responding to you -- one reason i do n’t do it too often .
it 's no big deal being biracial .
i have 5 biracial grandchildren ( hispanic / caucasian .
as a caucasian grandmother , when i look at my grandchildren i see my grandchildren , not a race .
if my grandchildren were african - american / caucasian i would only see my grandchildren , not a race .
do you know if that is the man they are referring to ?
it could be someone different .
and why the hell are you bringing race and gender into this ?
