< user > u should stop being so eager to have fights with jews based on whatever weird personal interaction ur referring to
what do you call a mexican in an airplane a ufo
as a white nationalist i personally would not pay to watch the likes of that drug addict amy winehouse or scum like rage against the machine .
trump proved his love of america when he chose to not take money and worked in the white house during the shutdown recently fuck the dems they are so retarded now they are blindly walking into a trap hahaha
@saf_d when brexit does n't deliver the racist 's aspirations they 'll find some other excuse to continue their hate peddling .
13 - year - old beaner driver arrested in 25 - pound meth seizure 

 having 13 - year - olds traffic dangerous drugs - another job white people just wo n't do , the lazy gringos!~
censorship is always bad but boy howdy do i fuckin hate chapsticks , y' all got some of your own medicine , you fuck ups , i bet the dayton shooter was on incel tears and ahs too .
a legend like her can say this coz kkk is expressive even if she has to just stand n look beautiful in a scene   url
why is bill gates a nazi i ’ m so confused
< user > stop pretending your sarcasm over a towel head shot in texas is obvious and disgusting fake thoughts and prayers
somewhere an igbo women is proud 😂 url
.
" mr. bernier said he expects economic growth would pay for half the cost of his income - tax cuts , $ 15 - billion to $ 18 - billion . "
mr bernier is a typical conservative / libertarian .
he lies a lot ....... 

 how many balanced budgets from the right ( far right ) of reagan , thatcher , mulroney , bush sr / bush jr , harris and harper ? (
over 50 { fifty } years of combined power ) 

 three balanced budgets achieved by fire - sale of government assets . (
remember the 407 ......... suckers ? )
so , drop it maxime .
go and speak to prime minister mulroney , he knows the what , when , where and how that you do not 
 .
two elite greek ruling families taking turns looting greece , in conjunction with hidden high interest loans , arranged by goldman sachs , are what created the majority of the debt .
what is a joke , is that all the eu rescue cash is immediately shipped back out of the country making foreign loans whole .
bankster welfare .
you win !
i do get my theirs , there s and they 're , mixed up sometimes but i was educated under labours rule so i ca nt be completly to blame .
i 'm asian , and i fucking love rice .
.@michaelaubele @steelersdepot 05 sb .
getting ike in 4th + parker undrafted ?
a no .
1 & amp ; no.1 back while still hitting on top picks = champion
i am looking forward to the day , which i expect will be real soon , where i can use up some ammunition & make it count big time .. bring it on globalist mixed race pushing mother fckers !
how do we know that jesus was n't born in mexico ?
because he 'd never have been able to find < number > wise men and a virgin .
for all you pro - daca replying to my posts ..... go ahead and deride me and my comments ! !
i have come in contact with many a daca hispanics .
i refuse to mentor illegals , i refuse to hire hispanics as i find them mentally inferior of low iq , who lack the intellectual curiosity one expects .
they only want to know if i can sponsor them for an h1 - b visa ! ! !
americans will never accept you ..... you will always be second class slimy lying , cheating thieves ...... as despicable as your parents ...
i have a misogynistic / racist uncle ... ( not blood related ) who hit on me at two funerals .
i 'm so glad to hear about your not inviting the racist grandma .
spic nigger chink are just three examples
difference between moore and jones ... 9,200 votes 

 total write - ins 
 — 
 20,219
says the sperm guzzling homosexual
the babies who would replace dying americans are being slaughtered daily by abortion ... globalists are stupid morons !
globalist front : mass immigration necessary to replace dying americans url via @breitbartnews
if , in the span of 24 hours , two islamic terrorists shit and killed 40 people in separate places , republicans would be foaming at the goddamn mouth demanding there be citizenship requirements and a religious test to buy a gun in this country .
at least trudea has a respetable command of english and is fluent in another international language ... french .
trump speaks in triads ... build that wall .... lock her up ... drain the swamp .. when he goes beyound this his second language is called pig latin .
he is so pathetic
censorship is always bad but boy howdy do i fuckin hate chapsticks , y' all got some of your own medicine , you fuck ups , i bet the dayton shooter was on incel tears and ahs too .
voting on a new pope ? ?
what do you call a mexican in an airplane a ufo
it 's not just politics but a serious hit to canada 's economy if the twinning of the   pipeline does n't go ahead .
trudeau will have to push it through for the good of the country .
if we ca n't get our natural resources to market - we 're hooped .
" andrea bruce ... fotografin , die 7 jahre i m irak und 3 jahre in afghanistan lebte : " " i try to open the eyes of the people a little bit more ... "
goes back to when the jews now < number > but a tiny alien bolshevik minority helped set up the naacp primarily run funded manned by jews all through the uncivil rights era adding the negro < number > to their < number > increased their reach < number > fold they use negroes as shocktroops
the year of the women , blacks , and hispanics and anyone else trump offended .
tomorrow we the people will show bankrupt trump who 's his daddy .
humpity dumpity trumpity .
bye , bye .
so this is the kind of shit that people call whites who date asians eh sigh
i wish people should have to be granted a license in order to procreate
new temple coming in pocatello , id , my home town .
how blessed we are for temples in the earth ! #
ldsconf
do we know what caused this ?
like i just wanna walk out of work and go be in my fucking solitude . & #
128371 ;
what message ?
" grab her by the p .... " ?
" mexicans are rapists ? "
i do n't think that 's a good idea .
here truth she a nigger on jew payroll recruiting mestizo street shitter immigrants
a company can terminate a person who comes to work drunk , so if a person comes to work " stoned " what is the difference , they are both legal ?
baloney .
it has nothing to do with censorship and everything to do with promoting civil debate .
instead of lobbing insults , why do n't you roll up your sleeves and bring some facts to the debate ?
name - calling is no substitute for doing your homework .
i think it 's stupid that the government and also all religions dictates what should go into my body if i wanna overdose that 's my business but i would never do that though because i know my body and limits
no need to tell me or anyone else to shut up or leave either , " buddy . "
do you need to trap to support your family ?
there 's nothing else you can do ?
it is in alaska .
hello itik , what an appropriate name you have .
in any case , i know you are not native .
but this one is for you and all the rest of the high and mighty liars .
from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author who is also a white woman .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
alright i officially declare my old lady chink acupuncturist a protected citizen in the new white state that bitch is magic
so was it the mexican whore fucking the nigger or the mexican fucking the nigger whore either way we know you had no father and you should fuck off to either mexico or africa you aids cunt
white americans and white europeons have too few children .
laws regarding immigration system is nt going to keep the dems from circumventing the system by breaking the law to allow mass immigration of muslims mexicans only < number > thing can be done to stop mass immigration start throwing dems in jail until that happens immigrants will flow like water
i hope i die cause i am white blacklivesmatter
you know i 'm so glad trump and his grande wizard of white knights of kkk are solving the great crime problems of our nation , after all what could be more of a threat to national security than a dirty little 5 year old mexican boy in kindergarten .
god bless trump and sessions for making america white again
why ca n't someone be found to step up and send her packing .
all this african gentleman want to do is enrich israel their women are being denied his shalom because israeli government officals hate him because of the colour of his skin
it is time .
america .
it is time for racist america to accept responsibility and be held accountable for creating a despicable racist monster as donald trump .
the key to trump ’s rise to power is america ’s pride of its slave days and the wanton killing of native americans of the american west .
what we see and experience today is part of that legacy .
there is no other explanation .
that legacy is here in anchorage with the wanton killings of native people   on our streets , run down like animals and left to die .
it is in our cities by rogue hate cops killing black and brown people at will .
donald trump , with all of his hate and bigotry , from his “ hate obama is not an american birther ” days to his kick all 11 - million hispanics out , is your creation .
i can only conclude that might include some of my hispanic family .
and the white media ?
they all smile and laugh about trump like high - school kids watching a school - yard bully .
i hear these spanish and oriental kids speaking and i think they must speak english because they go to school and have to communicate with their teachers .
the guy giving the beating could very possibly be a hispanic , i would have to see a much clearer video before i 'd give him the honor of calling him white .
one way of really protecting your privacy would be to not have a facebook account .
4 chan humour a mexican and a nigger arr in a car who is driving a cop
the hard truth is that many minorities simply ca n't compete academically with asian and white students .
what most people do n't know is that the best predictor of success on the sat is race , not socioeconomic status .
even poor asian students fresh off the boat will routinely outperform wealthy blacks and hispanics .
this is n't racism .
it is what it is .
nick fuentes is a filthy spic
how many addicts are you prepared to pay for out of your own pocket ?
this simple question tends to shut the pandering liberals up .
absolutely .
we the investor vultures have been waiting and watching for this for the past 2 years .
sitting on cash that will move in when the banks are desperate to dump assets they inherit from fore - closure and bankruptcy .
looking forward to the hollowing out of both toronto and vancouver when the economic tide drowns the real estate market .
when markets move past the affordable indexes of the ordinary incomes in canada it will always fail .
watch as both vancouver and toronto population hollow out as rent rates and mortgage rates are rejected .
key to winning big is waiting like an eagle over a salmon river .
easy to pick off the desperate spawners .
lol
i ’ ll turn a dyke into a bike
< user > they put the a in the one for spic kids as an afterthought that racist
mayor el porko is a sick , repulsive , person .
she is a disgrace to latinos , not only in puerto rico , but around the world .
disgusting - o ...
this is why religion is dead .
the leaders that care about people and show compassion and morals get arrested and the evangelical scum that supports trump collects hordes of money from their sheeple .
url
i think there is no denying that global temperatures are rising .
alaska is the perfect example of that by just looking at our glaciers .
that being said , the earth has cycles .
we have only been keeping accurate records for about 100 years .
the possibility of there being a cycle larger than 100 years is entirely possible .
we have no idea .
the real argument is whether or not global warming is man made and whether or not global warming is a naturally occurring cycle of the earth .
i for one believe the cycle of the earth is larger than we know and it is natures way of balancing things out .
throughout history , humans have a way of thinking the earth revolves around them .
as history shows , we once thought the world was flat , because we could n't comprehend that it would be anything different than our minds could fathom .
is it possible we could be off base here in our assessment of global warming ?
the earth was n't flat after all ....
your last 3 paragraphs add to a dialogue .
" conservative " is not the same as extreme .
nor liberal .
extremists co - opted the term conservative .
we should reject binary either / or and embrace both / and .
grey is larger than black and white .
a point of the la civilta article , no ?
" tentative leadership " is taking a stand .
is this article birthing a new form of leadership ?
significant the authors of la civilta are protestant and catholic , bringing to the table 2 dominant players in christian divergence .
the rcc is the singular majority christian group and invited the protestant pastor to the table to write this watershed article .
currently , republicans are talking about democrats being at the table for the reform of healthcare .
republicans are the majority ; they have yet to invite the democrats to the table .
in the issue of extreme religious interpretation the vatican has invited protestant equality to discern conflict .
affirm : each need to clean their own house !
dems and reps , too !
there are < number > families living in < number > apartments in one building a mexican family a white family and a black family a tornado hits the building one day which family survives the white family because the children are at school and the parents are at work
the tone of voice is actually a lot like icelandic or old norse .
< user > < user > you ’ re a disgrace and a nazi
upi : according to post - bombing aerial reconnaissance photos , syrian airbase now resembles left side of steve bannon 's face # syriastrikes
i think when people say black community or hispanic community it really means ghetto i notice no matter what race all ghetto people have the same character traits and ignorant attitude they are all violent and easily lead the media is pandering to their ignorance
what you fail to realize is that donald trump has hired and cut paychecks to more black latino gay lesbian and transgendered people than all previous presidents put together .
you have no sovereignty your foreign your a mudskin shitskin homosexual animal abuser who masterbates to the kardashian show go find a woman little man
do n't be afraid to talk to your friends .
in experience , coming out as trans in a very conservative part of america , most teenagers are really accepting .
just be honest about your identity and what you want and your friends will probably support you !
all of this is just more fruit of the poison tree called cannabis prohibition .
once cannabis is fully legalized and normal agriculture takes over we will see none of this sort of nonsense .
however , agriculture in the united states is full of toxic waste and it 's something as a nation we could do much better .
birds of afeather flock together .
the way i remember bill curtis narrate the drug history in the usa is that prohibition of mj targeted latinos , not blacks ; and that " crazed negro " was the fig leaf behind cocaine prohibition .
this being said , the tide really turned on drugs after an epic epidemic of opioid abuse after civil war in us , and at the turn of the 20th century - worldwide .
no apologies .
trump is a bigot in the eyes of most people .
he got his start in politics by claiming obama was illegitimate and a kenyan .
people already know he hates mexicans .
he got caught and fined for discriminating against black people by refusing to let them rent property .
and he did not blame the kkk in charlottesville for killing and maiming people .
trump would like to whitewash the truth .
but i consider him to be a bigot .
dude ! ,
you mentioned trump , " i notice some muslims , hispanics , and blacks are claiming the the media , trump , and police are slow to call this terrorism , because the shooter is white , and likes guns and country music . "
if that is not mentioning trump , then i do n't know what is .
get the fuck out of my country spic
warning : if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways then i will hear from heaven and i will forgive their sin and will heal their land .
babies blood is crying out from the ground , false accusations against the president , disrespect men with men women with women , fornicators , fowl mouths ... etc a new green deal will not help you , only humility and repentance will god hear .
america in god we trust we are the people called by his name .
stop killing our babies ban abortion .
we need to repent from our wicked ways .
what happens when popeye 's runs out of chicken youtube - popeyes freakout ( ghetto vers .
< user > < user > shut up retard i m going to sleep do nt do anything dumb
furries are gay url
the author of this needs to do much more reading and thinking before casting stones .
first , many indigenous people in canada kept slaves .
most were obtained from raids and wars , but some were likely obtained through trade or as gifts .
regardless of how they may have been treated , they were still slaves and denied basic freedoms .
second , canada is the architect of the indian act , a document that rendered every indigenous person a second class citizen and we have all benefited from that legislation in some manner .
whether it is the freedom to own land by displacing its rightful owners or by imposing racist laws that destroyed a culture and belief systems and rendered its adherents powerless to protest or change their circumstances , we benefited .
it 's easy to cast stones at harry , but no canadian has any moral high ground while we benefit from the racist legislation and practices inherent in the on - going indian act .
the left hinges entirely on the notion that white people are obligated to share any homeland with niggers muslims jews latinos hispanics indians hindus etc asians and any other brown or black third worlders maga altright
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white people altright hdnw jewfreeamerica
my daughter started out into the dating world as bi .
however it lead to being gay .
i 'm so happy and proud of her she came out at 17 has never been afraid of it .
she has a wonderful girlfriend for 5 yrs and they are just perfect for each .
a totally adorable couple .
do n't worry about coming out , we 'll be here to lend a helping hand when you 're ready .
take your time little one , it can be a big scary world .
❤ ️ 🧡 💚 💛 💙 💜
still not werds nigga you south afreekan too see i fig u for a retarded azz adherent this is amazing how ice block
this is eerily similar to what i 'm going through right now , but luckily i 'm in a much more inclusive environment .
two days ago i first came out to one of my female friends who is also bi , and to say it went well would be an understatement .
@concerned_pug _ @newsbreaking @veryfakenoose we should send everyone back to their nation of origin .
for their own safety , of course .
those ridiculous lifetime benefits are contracted you do not seriously think access to the lavish va system is because the gubment is magnanimous do you got to be illegal or a ghetto rat for magnanimous treatment
@chic_savage @csinut1 # shame # shameful # disgraceful god created male and female , that 's it , anything else is from the # devil .
this whole story does n't make any sense .
is it possible mr boyle was working with the taliban to extract money from the us and or canadians government ?
tell me honestly are you guilty asked my lawyer it does not make a difference to me but i do not want to be surprised in court yes i raped and murdered all of those prostitutes i admitted that very interesting he said but let get back to this shoplifting charge now
< user > i ’ ve always dated white men who ’ ve never dated black women they all from america mytwocents
milwaikee is the most biggoted city i have ever lived in .
every ethnic group talks trash about the others .
the only thing they agree upon is their hate for hispanics , blacks and asians .
only if they pry it out of my cold ......... hands .
the darkest joke for iphone users జ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞా జ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞా జ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞా జ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞా
somewhere in gorilla position , vince is now cussing up a blue storm because shane just chucked the commentators ' scripts . #
wrestlemania # wwe
kim starved 2 million .
classy ?
< user > today < user > brought up a good point they used to be called orientals make asians orientals again maoa
i do not care about so called exceptional white people who are not racist at the end of the day white supremacy is a business
pedophiles ai n't shit & the people who excuse their behavior ai n't shit either , you dumb fucks y' all need prison time & help ! ! !
muslims ?
check .
jews ?
check .
blacks ?
check , check , check .
hispanics ?
check .
wonder what he has in store for asians ?
then , polynesians ?
is there somewhere for us to go when this sub gets banned ( it will .. ) 
 we all know normies ' obsession with us , so there is no way we will last here ... /r9k/ is utter shite now .
how annoying when u keep trying to go to a toilet in s club and the dj keeps playing banger after banger
blake lively is a bad bitch period
new bitch already and it 's the second episode .
this is far from being a " gratuitous smear " .
trump 's angry , racist remarks about mexicans and muslims have emboldened the alt - right and other white supremacist groups who now feel it 's acceptable to attack anyone who does n't meet their white , christian american standards .
61 ' another goes begging , west tries to do the unselfish thing and set up ricketts but pass is intercepted
you tried shannon , but you just could n't do it .
you have to put something in controversial just to get people fired up .
oh well ... you started out good .
i did n't really expect anything else .
i was just hoping for some neutral content .
mexicans murdering mexicans just like back home in mexico , and democrats want to grant these guys amnesty .
lol
hooey balooey .
fast and loose with this terminology realdealholyfield " your [ sic ] such a racist person . "
and you are waaaaaay off base with this : " you trump [ sic ] people are cowards . "
i do find your race baiting hatred of lawful americans despicable - no ,   make that deplorable - a basket full in fact .
what race is a illegal alien criminal realdealholyfield ?
in almost all latino / hispanic arrest cases , they are listed as white race .
there are only these choices - so which race is the ones trump supporters are racists against ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
1 ) white 
 2 ) black 
 3 ) asian / pacific islander or 
 4 ) native american / alaska native
i need a thread of gay bi sff authors gay bi men including trans men thanks who write sci fi and fantasy my list of known authors in that vein is very short i know dozens of queer women authors that i love i am just have a hard time finding my people
watch trailer for new heath ledger documentary … : https://t.co/b8fs89qfh3 , https://t.co/gsqisdfsmc
wadhwa started contacting journalists that follow me on twitter to tell them how disappointed he is in them . #
stopwadhwa2015
so where is clooney moving to maybe he will move to poland they have not accepted muslim refugees on wait he is for open borders so why is he leaving the uk
send those ugly creatures to the 3rd world shitholes .
people are too willing to blame the muslims for everything instead of bothering to search for the truth the ordinary muslim is as much a victim as we are seek and find
i am a white nationalist of a christian faith but still am a white nationalist for racial survival the anti racist christians are the true chirstians ememy
@eagle1x @magadhi _ nationalism is stupid , hindu issue are far greater & complex to limit them to india only , h outside india also face issues .
combining h issues & indian politics is worst thing happened .
nationalism should n't be simply translated as love for country url
< user > < user > < user > to what the israeli government does they are so wrong and even gal has spoken up against netanyahu anti arab racism but even poc could uphold white supremacy while still being targeted by white supremacists many non white latinx jews arabs etc can uphold white supremacy
she 's making a list 
 she 's checking it twice
fuck her deep in her pussy url
i was going to smoke some joint with some mexicans i asked them if they had papers and they all ran off .
you , o lord god of hosts , the god of israel , awake to punish all the nations ; do not be gracious to any who are treacherous in iniquity .
selah .
psalm 59:5 - url
if you want something i do n't want you to want , you 're entitled .
fuck her deep in her pussy url
sad but true in my state pitbull owners are usually in the ghetto or barrio i e black hispanic gangbangers or out in the boondocks trailer parks doped up white trash tweakers juggalos crim bikers pitbull ownership is highly correlated with having a felony record and or drug habit
well your moms gay
clean coal - an oxymoron - like president trump .
justice is a bitch if you are a criminal lol
send those ugly creatures to the 3rd world shitholes .
zog agents attacking islam let islam take down zog
@techconnectify eugenics is a hell of a drug
liking someone is ghetto that ’ why ion like to do it
how do immigrant children communicate with their parents ?
cell phones
i 've seen the one where some white dudes talk shit and then drop their drawers and remove their shirts to bow up in tankinis .
black dudes ran every time .
even one with a gun at the end .
i even thought it was real for a minute .
but that was before i knew how many bullshit videos people made and now i 've added it to the list of fake prank bullshit .
what 's a mexicans favorite sport ?
cross country !
" @iamkrause : no need to thank me , killing niggers is it 's own reward . "
dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
i do n't believe the fbi .
the perception that iphones can now be hacked ( but without any proof ) leads all users to believe they 're not immune to invasive search .
will they hack the iphones in other cases now with the secret key ?
# bbnaija i see @payporte ceo sponsoring these top 5hms to start up their own bizness and make them prosper
you realize when israel left the area they told all jews to leave the agricultural infrastructure , right ?
know what the palestinians did ?
they burned it all down because it was made by jew hands .
now their land is useless .
very intelligent , civilized people in palestine !
this has to one of the dumbest thing i 've ever heard off .
all the mexican eateries i go to have burgers and fries ?
portland will i 'm sure out do this though .
in sweden immigrants trying to live normal lives are demanding that criminal immigrants be deported they want families of immigrants to be deported it is not clear what that means they think they are under attack from criminals in some of the no go zones and want more police
i 'm not arguing that courts do n't treat violations as civil issues , nor is the legal citation .
this appears to provide for criminal penalties- what do you think ?
" sec .
275 . [
8 u.s.c. 1325 ] 

 ( a ) any alien who ( 1 ) enters or attempts to enter the united states at any time or place other than as designated by immigration officers , or ( 2 ) eludes examination or inspection by immigration officers , or ( 3 ) attempts to enter or obtains entry to the united states by a willfully false or misleading representation or the willful concealment of a material fact , shall , for the first commission of any such offense , be fined under title 18 , united states code , or imprisoned not more than 6 months , or b oth , and , for a subsequent commission of any such offense , be fined under title 18 , united states code , or imprisoned not more than 2 years , or both . "
https://www.uscis.gov/ilink/docview/slb/html/slb/0-0-0-1/0-0-0-29/0-0-0-9025.html#0-0-0-332
fat jews better hope a wetback engineer did not design their casting couches
ollieg , not mentioned because it is n't particularly relevant .
perhaps had you read cotler 's motion   ( after how long posting about m-103 ? )
you could have discovered it for yourself .
not masking arrogance and egocentricity does n't make them better qualities .
in point of fact , these qualities   by definition can not be masked .
i imagine your vocabulary is no better than your grammar .
spurious commas go well with spurious thought .
99 % of violence suffered by men is inflicted by other men .
there is just something seriously wrong with us as a species , and i do n't know why women tolerate our existence .
maybe they should n't .
build an immigrant ghetto next to his retirement residence
sucks this is public so i can trigger you kids all kids all day .
so i do n't have to gtfo
the incompetent republican traitors continue the march to place the nation and world at risk while they put in place their personal looting system .
the entire traitorous republican party should be extradited to wherever their ancestors came from , starting with the lead german , der fuehrer trump .
we regret to inform you that your mother has aids and minorities are genetically less intelligent than whites .
thank you url
would the protesting iranians prefer to experience all the benefits of diversity that a rothschild bank nation enjoys because that what they are demonstrating for elin krantz swedish woman raped murdered by an immigrant
looking for coachella wristbands is the fucking worst !
when you admit black and brown people are abused by democrats as their standard of living fall to the rats !
is @orkinpest racist too @joyannreid when they ranked baltimore in top ten of rat infested cities ?
americans are tired of your race card sweetie ! #
trumplandslide2020 url url
you guys got to remember that trump likes canada , so things will essentially remain the same , or get better .
mexico , well ... adios muchacho !
food coop of olympia washington anti white propaganda they hate you
if you are reading this .
people like you set the human race back .
faggot
she should be arrested and deported
i want you goddamned boomer cucks to tell me how we are all the same and beaners are natural conservatives
idk which culture they are from , but i am indian .
i was born in the us but i fully expect to significantly support my parents in their old age
no but fr this is so gross and uncalled for she s literally just .
a japanese woman ?
breed and feed a faggot !
the best sex of your life .
url
have to agree with most of the comments here , i am a white male and i am primarily attracted to white females .
however , i have been attracted to women of all races at some point .
one of my fond memories of being with a women is with a girl from a different race !
i propose that we train an elite team of gays to rape trumpf in the ass .
" the president also questioned the sources of the media reporting on the story . "
ummm , that was your son , mr. potus , who handed over his emails .
your son is the source .
also going to be binge eating krispy kreme doughnuts this weekend as it 's only a month away from my fruits and veggies only lifestyle .
next month is the best month to buy a new fridge !
they typically go on sale around may in preparation for summer ! #
homelife
i 've tried to get her to fuck someone else but she wo n't
i see the political discourse on this page has not yet hit bottom .
but you are getting close .
how have you been ?
< url > zmfuumtjcaf
it 's comical that you automatically classify me as a trump supporter simply because you do n't like what i say .
people like you do that quite often .
they should be dumped 300 miles offshore if they make it back alive then send them back to mexico in a body bag
hell look at how angry they got when they discovered the rest where breeders too they went from open and friendly to distrustful hell we have no idea what the demographics of there planet is tealc might have been the first black person they saw kinda like the random medival village that s isolated and a black trader comes through and they are wary because its something they have no idea about
check comments : joe rogan destroys jon mcintosh • /r / videos
i 'm white and nervous .
ca n't imagine how latinos feel right now , documented or not .
yo these threads on some dumb ass shit were 2 minority groups that should be flourishing but all y' all wanna act so damn stupid 🤮 shit ugly and y' all talk abt just white ppl the problem smfhhh 👎 🏽 👎 🏽
those two fags need a free helicopter ride .
communists love free helicopter rides , very popular in chile .
any # ncat21 gc got any space for my crazy ass & # 128483;&#129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
dropped my new born niece the other day .. that ’ll be the last time they ask me to be pallbearer .
portable stainless steel vegetable peeler , only $ 5.76 https://t.co/xgyihmvspc via @kitchenhandle https://t.co/ut8wwrftgb
my sister is very religious and waited until marriage .
she just celebrated her 5 year anniversary .
she knew when i lost my virginity at 16 and never judged me .
i had a baby that was fatherless last year and she is a proud aunt .
she also attended her lesbian friend from high schools wedding last year .
i wish more religious people were like that
look at the real world .
some of the most recent examples of countries rising from poverty through economic growth : china , singapore , south korea , malaysia .
some of the best examples ever : post ww2 germany and japan , growing literally from nothing to tremendous prosperity .
you say,"time to move on " .
but to what . ?
give real world examples .
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
lily has been problematic from jump yes this season she has not black ink crew chi
wow , this reporter is completely brain dead and trying to deceive the people of denver .
the eu and uk will no longer share information with this administration because of this russian agent in the white house .
just think about it ,   the us did not lose our standing as the world 's leader , trump just handed it on a silver platter to china .
if that does not strike you as a putin agenda , who 's agenda is it on ? .
this goofball comes back from ruining every important strategic alliance we have and this reporter has the nerve to suggest it was a successful loss of our nation 's allies .
marc a. thiessen you truly deserve to lose you job over the title alone .
how much money would it take for you to lick a dogs asshole not very much considering you are a wetback
you ever tell someone your plans and you 've kept your mouth shut until now and all of a sudden they get canceled or ruined ?
brujería mijo
what did the little girl and her dog say to the blond man with the metal arm ?
eedd ..... waaaarrdddd
so here 's where all that missing bank stimulus money went !
how do you feel about minorities ?
sad but true in my state pitbull owners are usually in the ghetto or barrio i e black hispanic gangbangers or out in the boondocks trailer parks doped up white trash tweakers juggalos crim bikers pitbull ownership is highly correlated with having a felony record and or drug habit
in my mind it 's not even close to being obselete , i believe it is a symbol of the white race and it 's fight to save itself in this sick and twisted multicult world we live in .
a word we all need to start using : genderphobe 
 genderphobe : a nutter who is obsessed with erasing all natural and healthy differences between the sexes .
in 1944 , germany launched a counteroffensive in world war ii that became known as the battle of the bulge .
i do n't drink vodka but you sound like me but i am ten years older than you so it 's even worse .
i propose that we train an elite team of gays to rape trumpf in the ass .
not masking arrogance and egocentricity does n't make them better qualities .
in point of fact , these qualities   by definition can not be masked .
i imagine your vocabulary is no better than your grammar .
spurious commas go well with spurious thought .
lgbtq+ is nt an exclusive group that you need a membership for .
you can still be an ally no matter what the orientation is and you are under no obligation to do anything different just because you identify with the community .
be supportive , find yourself along the way , and do n't label yourself just so you can fit in with a group .
you fit in if you think that everyone is a human and recognize there is still an imbalance in equality between us and society and hope for a better future .
no i d cards or tests of faith required , just open and honest you .
treating black folk as if they are retarded and can not handle construction criticism a countries laws social expectations and the difference between right and right is what the virtue signalers do and they are most often white savior progressives
i can not believe cosby raped the reo speedwagon guy
fuck the < number > immigrants the government lost i only care about < number > immigrant the government lost where is she
i do get my theirs , there s and they 're , mixed up sometimes but i was educated under labours rule so i ca nt be completly to blame .
hey white liberal cucks and all you race mixers ........ las vegas is real diverse ........... time is short !
thank you steve ! ! !
i was a pleasure meeting you .
isis will now attack america
< user > i am a brit if you are talking about florida looks like he was a muzzie despite the wetback name
although many if not most women can still easily have a baby at < number > in the old days women started at < number > but kept going late in life i have a saudi friend who < number > his mom just had another kid
at present , charter schools are connected to public districts and under their control for content .
the voucher system may give them less money , and parents would have to pony up the rest .
those who could n't pay would be relegated to a cheaper , or public school .
the voucher system is tailor - made for segregation- schools will be able to reject undesirable students , those special needs , blacks , latino , korean , etc .
students , and keep the school pure for ' our people ' .
you 're probably too young to remember the big increase in private schools in the wake of brown vs. board of education .
parents faced with integration looked for a way to keep their children from associating with ' undesirable blacks ' in the public schools .
and of course , they had the money to do it , and the private school industry boomed .
congrats and i hope you both have very happy and long lives together !
have not see one episode of game of thrones .. yet it 's a show that clearly has everything i 'm into .. hmm .. mebbie i should start & # 129300 ;
< user > need burnol btw u seem to be literate enough to read the word refugee in that sentence and if you ca nt may allah subhanu wata ala help you
a progressive , feminist member of the lying msm will , naturally , never miss a chance for a racist attack on white men .
according to statista , between 1982 and 2017 , out of 91 mass shootings the racial breakdown of shooters were as follows : 

 whites : 51 

 blacks : 15 

 latino : 7 

 asian : 7 

 american indian : 3 

 multi - race : 5 

 unknown : 3 

 white shooters were about proportional to their presence in the population .
blacks , american indians , and asians had more shooters than one might expect given their respective populations .
none of these statistics are happy ones .
what is also clear is that progressive feminists like petri are always quick to pounce on a tragedy to advance their political agenda ;   they never let facts hinder their lying progressive , feminist agenda .
i 'm late catching up on news .
i 've just heard government say britain might go to war with spain .
spain .
fucking hell
< user > < user > < user > < user > men still get raped and assaulted so this is just stupid
@njrv2 _ @xisthatnigga dog y' all are the africans that sold us into slavery then decided to flee africa cus y' all pussy .
you worse off then us 😂
at the expense of repeating myseld whaddya expect from a free speech sm platform run by a kike and a street shitter free speech
every single white country is getting swamped with 3rd world trash .
look around .
literally every school shooting was done by some lame ass dipshit white loser boy .
dear nancy , 

 a cursory review of the time line between the public crafting of obamacare , through the committee hearings and changes , including over 100 republican amendments , to the time of its signing into law was approximately fourteen months .
the current " tax reform " bill sprang out of nowhere thursday morning and republican leaders hope to shove it through congress with no committee hearings in less than fourteen days .
if you can read 400 pages in forty - eight hours , and are gushing with pride at your accomplishment , what prevented you from reading the 2,000 pages of the affordable care act over fourteen months ?
recognising jerusalem as israels capital and relocating the arabs to jordan is not pro israel it is fact and truth
fdr criticized -public employee unions- .
and " free to join " is antithetical to " closed shop , state - mandated collection of dues , " as is union involvement in politics with the goal of regulatory capture and union monopolization of government - funded projects .
but nice try .
what these " elder statesmen and woman " miss is that the republican party has always been about -individual freedom- , freedom from -government- force and protection of individuals against violence and aggression by others , not using the power of government to force individuals to hew to some sort of collective , transitory ,   trendy value signalling .
you should never take anything from a beaner butthole i will grant that
@njrv2 _ @xisthatnigga dog y' all are the africans that sold us into slavery then decided to flee africa cus y' all pussy .
you worse off then us 😂
any thoughts about the number of black on black killings ? ?
or black on white attacks ? ?
or the huge number of hispanic gangs , most illegal alien felons , that run huge areas of la , oakland ? ?
how about the number of honor killings in this country ? ?
any thoughts on the liberal run cities like chicago , detroit , dc , etc .
no ! !
why ? ?
because they are all liberal run cities , many for the past 50 + years , and liberals are no going to say a word to challenge minorities to get their act together - fact ! !
what about these parents ? ?
or do you what to blame that on the cbf , repubs , g. bush , or g. washington ! !
dishonest , lazy and clueless liberals .
< number > with regard to the disastrous initiative taken by the jews with this most fundamental of all declarations of war the slaves revolt in morality begins with the jews a revolt which has < number > years of history and which has only been lost sight of because it was victorious
who do mexicans call when someone breaks into their house ?
< number > juan juan !
to me , the definition of a wn peace maker is a white person who uses political will and psyhical expression to defend and create the survival and existence of the white race .
it might hold together for a short time but eventually major problems will develop .
cut to cubs postgame crew on nbc sports chicago and it a jew a spic and a kneegrow for a team that ll get the vast majority of its offense and pitching this year as usual from white players and whose fanbase is overwhelmingly white
it sucks when you wanna show off a dude but you do n't wanna look stupid bc you know he 's talking to other girls
i will keep saying there is nothing in the bible that says so called christians ca n't bake cakes , gays ca n't marry or insist so called christians should discriminate .
these bible literalist , literally ca n't find one passage that they can use to defend their actions .
they conveniently ignore passages that cover all kinds equal sin 's that is what makes this whole thing baloney .
mean while , here is the deal we live in a secular nation , annd this man can practice his religion all he wants but he can not discriminate .
where does it end , no cakes for muslims ?
blacks ?
latinos ?
no , it is going backwards .
of course , you little brown whores are so eager to throw away your old life for this white cock
i tweet for the dykes and the dykes alone
correct but we all knew that , why is an article necessary ?
calm down , no reason to yell .
you should do a little research .
yes , a restaurant can refuse service for improper clothing , poor hygeine or for being a disturbance , no one is arguing that .
what a business owner can not do is refuse service based on sexual orientation .
that would be against colorado law .
the baker does not have the right to discriminate based on anything , his religion , or the constitution .
the constitution does not have anything in i that says you can discriminate based on religion .
the baker is immature and choosing to be offended .
how will he know in the future is he is making a cake for a gay wedding ?
what if the mother of a bride goes into the shop and asks for a wedding cake ?
is the baker going to ask the mother if the cake is for a gay wedding ?
he has to be told the cake is for , a gay wedding .
then he chooses to be offended .
if he does not know , he will make the cake and not be offended .
i bet he has made cakes for gay weddings and did not know it .
racists , wicked apartheid architects , spies , judges&the media are eating adv mkhwebane alive & we are all watching 👀 they did the same to winnie , hani , biko , zuma , moyane , jiba , molefe , koko etc they are destroying our black professionals one after another let 's do something about this ✊ 🏿 url
a pussy milf mmmmm delicious that labia look so juicy , .
i wanna spread it with my tongue ♥ ️
stop making excuses for niggers niggers are always going to be niggers i do not argue with racists b c they are right you want to see some racist people go find a white neighborhood where the black invade to commit crimes
someone up there in looney toons san fran do america a favor kill that fucking wetback murderer thanks
instagram stories will now be getting their own stories and then those stories will have their own lil babies stories
fluoride has been on the epa list of neurotoxins for the past decade .
this is not news .
on that same list are aspartame ( sweetener ) , ethanol ( beer and other alcoholic beverages ) , salicylate ( aspirin ) , caffeine , and nicotine ?
afraid of brain damage every time you take a sip of coffee , have a soft drink , drink a beer , or take an aspirin ?
if not , why not ?
think its because you know that concentration is the difference between safety and toxicity of every substance known to man , including plain water ?
.
it does n't matter whether fluoridation substances are from the us , china , or the moon ?
all water at the tap must meet all epa mandated quality certification requirements under std .
60 of nsf international , regardless of from where any additives are sourced .
fluoridated water easily meets all of these .
.
anybody who wants to be as grossly uninformed as dustin should absolutely join his little antifluoridationist " team " .
intelligent people will know better .
.
steven d. slott , dds
i hate configuring retention policies and flush intervals in statsd / graphite .
ughhhh .
so a " real " feminist in your oh , so mra point of view , would force another woman to dress in a manner she does n't want to ?
face it , men need to control women .
whether it 's forcing them to wear a burka against their will , or to rip the burka she chooses to wear from her body .
lmao i thought they already did this on the history channel look goys jesus wasn t a white guy with blonde hair but a sand nigger mexican
well mr smith there 's media and then there 's " media " .
you may no longer be able to separate the wheat from the chaff due to years of conditioning but the folks at fox and the bloviators like limbaugh et al have not been telling you the truth for decades now .
the disinformation spewed out to so many millions of my fellow americans by the massive right wing media machine has so confused and angered the viewers / listeners that like you the truth is a foreign concept now .
like a powerful and destructive drug the siren call of right wing media lures you back day after day for more reinforcement , another hit of the lies that sooth your latent need to look down on , hate and fear someone outside your close group of acquaintances .
you have been poisoned by disinformation mr smith .
the antidote is to shut off the radio and tv for at least a month until the irritation subsides and rational , reasoned thinking resumes .
the purpose of propaganda is to make you react emotionally and negatively .
< user > she is just child so sad to hear people so islamphobic she could do no harm to nobody she was just brainwashed
beautiful video .
glad to see the a added to lgbtq+ and making lgbtqa+ .
i am asexual ( hereto romantic )   was an ally before i found out .
i have been afraid to come out , but when i learned what my situation was called and that there are more people like me i was trilled .
i can still fall in love with men and still get married .
so happy , thank you for the video , it gave me courage .
hello to all the try guys .
💜 🖤 💜 🦄
yep it in the genes trashy diane shagging a raghead now her son hooked up with a mud time to abolish royals when qeii moves on they are such chavvy trailer trash prince harry
i often like to play a game i call " if the races were reversed " i imagine if a white male had shot a latina his ass would be in prison for life 😒
now is a perfect time to go private 
 it 'll make all the failed normies go crazy not having anything to do over the weekend .
@meee682 @kimdotcom @seanhannity yea the country may getting invaded daily by brown people , censorship is rampant , anti - white hatred is everywhere , suicides & shootings are at an all time high thanks to a degenerate & disgusting culture , but ... " wow muh economy best ever " !
fuck , i ca n't imagine being so low iq .
what these femanazis fail to realize is that president trump has employed and cut paychecks to more women blacks latinos gays lesbians transgendereds and muslims than all previous presidents combined .
is there any way we can find out where these women work so we can boycott those businesses ?
what 's the similarity between an m1 and kung fu panda ?
they both go " ping " when pointing at fathers
no half - breed spic has any right to say anything to any anglo ever , and should be killed for doing so .
this is an issue of stereotypes .
blacks ganged up , italians mobbed up , chinese , hard working and industrious but ganging quietly , phillipinoes , and hispanics , the new middle class .... and grumpy old white men embezzling corporate profits .
all brought to you buy hollywood and mass media .
i went on the edl page last night and i saw the funnies thing .
spic nigger chink are just three examples
this is why i hate lesbians
because british men are cuckolds and too cowardly to do what needed it quite pathetic if that happened to my daughter or sister there d be a tribes worth of sand niggers finding out there no virgins waiting for them
ditto , me too .
a few guys were collecting for child abuse so i gave them some belts
as far as i m concerned as soon as the little half breed is born , it should be tied round her neck and both mother and mulattoe should be flung in the nearest river .
lets see if daddy jumps in to save them !
do n't walk 20 miles without sunscreen , i look like a lobster !
gay ass mother fucker
time to genocide every leftist and illegal in america !
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
you mean " what the media tell you " .
i have more than a clue , i have excellent journalism to show me .
media is a plural word .
a medium is a means of transmitting information .
the town crier was a news medium , as were the troubadors of the middle ages .
theater and opera are media .
we have print media , spoken media such as radio , visual media such as tv and film .
we have electronic media such as this forum and the internet .
in each medium different persons , committees , and corporations exercise some editorial control , but in the us and much of the world , unitary control does n't exist and we have a broad diversity of views , and disagreement over the facts .
this is not true in russia where all media are strictly controlled by a state with absolute power , including the power to jail , kill or banish any opposition .
putin is good for russia ?
that 's saying a dictator is good for a country . "
personal matters " ?
you mean , murdering all political opposition and hoarding huge wealth ?
i 've met a few people who i talk to outside of sf , and i consider them to be pretty good friends .
@tonyposnanski send that brother f*cker back to her shithole country ! !
my coworker told me he was a pansexual & amp ; explained to me what that meant ... i feel him .
that 's dope
# pridemonth2019 is a celebration of : gay lesbian bisexual pansexual asexual trans genderfluid non - binary gender non - conforming and many other things !
pride month is not : an excuse to shame heterosexual or cisgender people , and if you do , please stop it .
~a pansexual transgirl
life is like a box of chocolates some people do n't like it and throw the whole box away
nigger kike spic chink faggot pussy cunt bitch sandnigger jap nip leaf fuck shit crap queer jews aa
" i have cried almost every episode of " " 13 reasons why " " & # 128557;&#128557;i highly recommend watching it with a box of tissues "
< user > i am bi so i get the gay pass
you know why vermont is so safe , do n't you ?
there 's hardly any minorities in it !
i like my girls how i like my chicken as white meat nuggets .
both of these organizations have been created to address different aspects of very real problems that affect all of us .
stu·pid 
 ˈst(y)o͞opəd/ 

 16th century : from french stupide or latin stupidus , from stupere ‘ be amazed or stunned . ’
i 'm not a teacher , but my cousin is .
he told me more and more of them are non - white every year and it 's fucking heartwarming .
real nigger me please
lest restore it and reverse its purpose by taking the blacks back to africa
jz already made it clear ; he will only go if the " masses " tells him to go .
we need to focus on making our own state government more efficient , especially in light of federal budget challenges .
we need to trim our state workforce : 

 for comparison : 
 the state of vermont ( population 600,000 ) has 8,200 state employees ( fact : http://humanresources.vermont.gov/sites/humanresources/files/documents/workforce_data/dhr-workforce_report.pdf ) 

 the state of alaska ( population 700,000 ) has over 16,000 state employees ( fact : http://doa.alaska.gov/dop/employeeorientation/introduction/ ) 

 if vermont can do it with 8,200 workers , alaska can certainly trim the payrolls .
we need to become more efficient !
majority of my best friends have been straight guys .
we can gush about girls together , share similar interests and hobbies , and overall there 's no worry about being attracted to them ( on my end at least lol ) .
whereas with girl friends i 'll usually end up crushing on them at first ( or maybe for a while ) which i think changes the way i act around them slightly ?
anywho ya i like having straight guy friends .
glad you found a good one too !
a former accountant for retailer american apparel inc. has filed a wrongful termination suit against the company alleging that he was fired after refusing requests from chief executive jew dov charney to inflate figures on the company 's balance sheet .
@freetobe66 @michaelbeatty3 @1romans58 @realdonaldtrump i will be damned if my federal tax dollars will be used to give scum sucking illegals free health insurance .
they should be terminated at the border
i am looking forward to the day , which i expect will be real soon , where i can use up some ammunition & make it count big time .. bring it on globalist mixed race pushing mother fckers !
bill deblasio d ny told cnn jake tapper that it is ok to shield undocumented immigrants who drive drunk from federal authorities if it does not lead to any other negative outcome
black women more likely to experience sexual harassment in the workplace , study finds url
adoption by gay parents is not allowed .
trans people being judged by other folks on their own self assertion and needing to be certified .
gay relationships not solemnised .
same and equal benefits for non cis folks and non straight couples .
i see your bitterness , ed , rd , life of the lay .
this article is course written about a hard to deny academic study .
it shows that the roman church will either change the clerical system or more   mature and educated catholics will leave , because of   the failure to change a horrible clerical   leadership of authoritarianism .
perhaps you are right only the very few authoritarians will be left .
the rest of us will practice in " the way of christ , " and you can practice authoritarianism .
what does an alarm clock and a baby have in common ?
they both shut up if you hold them under water for long enough .
i would appreciate it if you could possibly think about these three things bubba : 1 .
you 're shooting way too high if you think you can get with her .
2 .
she 's not just a piece of ass you can play games with , she 's a talented , beautiful girl that happens to be taken 3 .
gotcha bitch url
london police arrest two men in connection with the london terrorist bombing 

 one , 18 yrs old 

 one , 21 yrs old 

 wo n't tell us who / what they are , but i can just about tell you who / what they aren't 

 white / european 
 british 
 native londoners 
 iq above room temperature 
 self - sufficient 

 any takers at 10:1 ?

fuck this fat mexican bitch .
is that about supporting illegals ?
who here is an illegal ?
rt @trap_jesus : kemba fucked this nigga up .
rt @dailyloud : i still ca n't believe kemba did this to pitt https://t.co/lzzoux5jlz
they sure did and the irony of it all is they said they were doing it to prevent theft by criminals .
in my books the act of theft is what would make you a criminal
l shanah tovah to my fellow jews out there may you have a happy and healthy < number > rosh hashanah
i am mitte zie only good beaner is one that s dead
this settles it @wearemitu are literally the fucking cops 🤮 🤮 a bunch of fuckin bootlicking beaners url
so after reading all the lofty mission statement stuff , what is a book nook ?
< number > has been pretty rough .
< repeat > but at least it 's safe to use public toilets again .
shoot dice let yo hoe fade me
they 've actually done a lot to follow the plan so maybe you should look into it .
my statements are not false and unfounded , they 're factual .
mandating green roofs is the wrong approach .
that why these sand niggers and other shitskins should be banned from this country
greetings .... enough of the chit chat dear fathers of the church !
get on with the reforms promised after vatican ii ..... the laity is waiting to be included in more inclusive decision making , such as   picking the bishops , liturgical reforms , and spending of monies collected !
i would say a qualified yes if rehab was mandatory , wrap - around services are available , funding is guaranteed ( yea , right ) .
i just read an article where a civic leader does n't want siss attached to hospital as users / addicts will feel imposed upon ( ? ? ? ? ) .
i just read another article that likened siss to hospice , where the client is expected to die and then go on from there .
well , that would n't be helpful .
the best thing to do for users / addicts is to cut off illegal supply .
users / addicts would then have no choice but to detox and perhaps rehab .
the biggest danger for overdose is when supply is back on the streets .
users / addicts ' tolerance will be lowered and will overdose easily without realizing it .
did you hear about the two car pile up in mexico ?
200 mexicans died .
my tip to immigrants coming to america seeking asylum wear a maga hat and you will sail right thru
if i am an angel , i would accomplish my all task , project , all things that i should be done , in one time at the moment .
if ... if .. & # 128516 ;
i honestly hate indians , muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin i hate .
2 of 2 
 when we embraced   within our own hearts his inviolate word ‘ truth ’ it should induce humility , if it does not we are not been honest with ourselves .
jesus walks before us with the lamp of truth held high above the spiritual path of transformation and calls to us 
 “ take my yoke upon you , and learn of me ; for i am meek and lowly in heart ” : 

 i believe the way forward for the church is in trust and humility , where we all can be as one , before our creator .
please consider continuing in the link and links within 
 http://www.associationofcatholicpriests.ie/2017/10/15-october-28th-sunday-in-ot/#comment-91945 
 kevin your brother 
 in christ
do you put brown above or in the same category as the marshall / green / julio tier ?
or is he at the top of the next group ?
once a conman , always a conman .
it 's okay to be lesbian .
it 's okay to be straight .
it 's okay to be gay .
it 's okay to be bi .
it 's okay to be trans .
it 's okay to be you .
but it 's never okay to use sound or drop on lured cogs .
😤 😤 😤
a company can terminate a person who comes to work drunk , so if a person comes to work " stoned " what is the difference , they are both legal ?
.@wavinator @chobitcoin i love hts like this ... i just spin the gallery on my tablet like the price is right wheel and use whatever comes up .
< user > < user > < user > and he knows muslim countries are so selfish they do not care about anyone but themselves
in nazi germany , if you spelt the name hitler incorrectly you 'd get a visit from the gestypo .
< user > i m not lol i m categorizing middle school white kids and asians as horrible fighters
a black man and a mexican are in a car .
who 's driving ?
the cops
if only my new local mall was n't so ghetto
i have lived in mexico for 16 years and yes , it was too hard being surrounded by so many brownies ( mestizos and indigenous ) .
brown and black skin cultures seem disproportionately obsessed with white women because when it comes to attractiveness and mating nothing comes close to putting a paw on white women
me 🤝 looking like a dyke every day
worship the almighty foot faggot worship master oz86 skype
< user > dude got < number > million votes and much of the press seems to think they were all white trash nazis trying to bring back segregation it so dumb
gay minecraft porn
links body must have been fucking obliterated 100 years ago there s no way you fight a hell beast and die in one piece
have i said anything to bash the chinks lately 🤔 seems like a week since i really cussed out a chink or made a mean meme about chinks i ve been so busy bashing those greasy illegal alien spics that those sneaky chinks somehow avoided my attention like little sneaky faggit ninjas 😡 🖕 🇯 🇵
boohoo .
maga
[ more people should reply to our picnic already because i want to get things going a bit before i travel tomorrow = p * selfish * ]
ca n't wait until i 'm your priority how i used to be .. even though i know that ai n't gon na happen i can just hope / wish
" right you are , my boy , you got that one dead right ; especially if what you did and said back then now manages to drag dad down into the quicksand of an unending , unrelenting scandal for the next three - and - a - half years of his term of office as president . "
do you really think trump will last that long ?
what is in the public domain appears to be accelerating , at an ever increasing rate .
if this continues at this rate , the republicans will ditch trump within three months .
and that is not including what is not in the public domain but which must be accumulating , inexorably .
and could soon be in the public domain .
the   two congressional investigations and one by special investigator have been very quiet , but they are presumably hard at work .
when they release all or something , the dam wall could break , and that will be the end of trump .
# inspiration a weed is a plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered .
-ralph waldo emerson # quotes # followme
note how quickly the left wing hate media site nbc goes to bashing white people and citing far left hate group splc in reaction to an armenian act of violence
it 's some producers that think a trap beat is just a trap beat when really it 's levels to this trap beat shit ...
getting pulled over twice within a five minute span at 1 am can really take 10 years off your life just sayin
even though pope benedict xvi has long since departed his post at the vatican ( if not his residence in vatican city ) it would seem that the culture of censorship he carefully cultivated during the entirety of his career at the cdf and later as pope is alive and well among his most ardent followers who will tolerate not one scintilla of dissent from absolute right - wing orthodoxy .
oh , but you 're latin , so you must love the heat !
" wen all of his family always telling me that " " sana u'll end up together " " i always pray and hoping po hehe & # 128149;&#128149 ; "
this is the most drama i have ever seen about a dog .
stupid liberal democrat woman , travelling in the third world , where diversity gets to run amok .
i call her stupid because she did n't make the connection between race and crime .
in the sense that death eventually overcomes the righteous as well as the haters , while hatred lingers in the hearts of men , the sign is futile .
in fact , we do n't know the origin of hate , which seems to be a force within all of us .
so , death takes us all , but hatred lingers .
each of us has to find that hatred , and master it , if there is to be good in the world .
the nazi swastika is an neolithic symbol of the sun 's motion across the sky , and a symbol of good luck , but the nazis corrupted it to be a symbol of racial purity and totalitarian triumphalism .
its use in modern america is as a symbol of northern european racial purity and the oppression of all other races .
death to that mindset !
the anti - rail big lie , once again .
here 's the truth .
traffic congestion will increase despite rail , and would increase even more without rail .
people who ride rail will have a complete alternative to congestion .
the purpose of rail is to move people , not cars .
your assumption , like so much of the deceitful and elitist anti - rail propaganda , is that the recipient of your message will be a driver who eschews public transportation , that " some other people " should ride rail so your driver can continue to drive but suffer less traffic , and that the only measure of success is an impossible decrease in traffic congestion , even in parts of the island where neither rail nor a new freeway along the same corridor nor anything else under the sun could be expected to decrease traffic .
that 's nonsense .
i dunno where does this h < user > on j3ws come from among msian muslims like to even idolise h tler i m just speechless
i am in community hunt and we hunt standard antler restrictions .
all on foot .
@akshaykumar ।
the role of rustom played by akshaykumar is very natural .
he give good judgement to that role .
result is infront of you .
" a new home ? ?
" wanting/ " 
 i did not come to eugene with homelessness as my goal , which any careful reader could infer from my previous post .
i did find work , but it did n't pay enough to show a landlord after i accumulated the requisite number of pay stubs .
i recently signed up for social security , motley , so xers and millenials ( including my daughter ) are taking care of my provisions , as my labor and that of the rest of my generation provided for my parents .
anything else , motley ?
please feel free .
how does a mexican family take a photo together ?
they get in the back of a truck and run a red light .
why ca n't mexicans win the olympics ?
coz anyone that can run , jump or swim has already crossed the border .
hey , y group of friend consist of two bisexual people , who are awesome by the way , and a teansexual man who is a funny son of a bitch .
they are normal , and they have their own brand of humor .
nothing is wrong with than , i am actually the only one who identifies as straight .
i feel like the minority , an it is awesome .
go pride !
if in < number > the man i believe to be a criminal sexist racist xenophobic homophobic white supremacist was re elected i d move unless i do not really have a problem with someone being those things or i never believed he was those things to begin with trump 2020 kag maga
@chisakanon its honestly fucking disgusting and the entire fucking reason people hate pride parades , because some dumbass like , frat boy types go out in gimp suits because " haha its funny " so glad the recent pride parade near me went on without sexual deviants flaunting their junk ...
yeah ... lets kill as many children as we can ... for that matter why do n't we bomb the areas where we have them caged up ... cheap and easy solution to the border problem ... yeah killing is definitely the answer
@serfallah @dowlatzai @arshad_afridi @khushal the only daalkhor is you & your likes of gul khans .
india has a rover in outer space .
i 'd rather have them as a partner anyday over a terrorist sympathizing pm .
at least indian doctors do n't give 509 kids hiv by accident .
what a shame .
it turned out to be a well endowed man making a shadow puppet
she should be the employeer , and she needs to be a mexican looking for a cleaning job .
yes !
go find another country to ruin and leave the usa alone !
agreed and the ones all ready here must go and take their dumbass american wives with them idk how many american women are marrying muslims but in the the uk it the cool thing to marry the muslim charmer boys to avoid the party scene
tillerson is a globalist i was surprised he was ever hired he likes having queers in the boy scouts
i wish i had superpowers 
 would make me cope much beter having powers like flash or spider - man .
if you want something i do n't want you to want , you 're entitled .
great knock - out punch !
i 'm not even upset just incredibly fucking disappointed
very , very scary .
best you never leave your room squirt .
it 's a scary world out there .
any second could be your last .
everyone that uses the term ' hate crime ' deserves to be kicked swiftly in the nuts from the white house on down .
stop dividing people .
i need hope 
 please post pictures of great before and after plastic surgery transformations of men
i totally agree with you .
one should not bother others with their religious activities .
if that would be legal , then one can make up a religion that suggest killing others .
i date women like i like my eggs in the morning .
< repeat > whites only
@realdonaldtrump they are an embarrassment to us all .
the world is laughing at us at all the illegals coming here .
they would be shot if they tried that in another country .
how many terrorists do we already have ?
just waiting ... waiting .....
in time your going to regret fuckinv over the american people because of " morals " i 'm a fuckinv mexican and i see what 's going to happen ... invite the third world , become the third world , simple as that ... bunch of stupid ass wet backs getting their children raped and killed ... but it 's ok , let them all in and that would solve everything right ... america hating clowns
hahaha dirty , smelly , lazy mexican .
go back to your own country , you fucking spic .
< user > the police snapper is aiming to kill all protestors or make them permanently blind 😡
dyke dyke dyke dyke faggot faggot faggot faggot nigger nigger nigger nigger whitey whitey whitey whitey wetback wetback wetback wetback sandnigger sandnigger sandnigger sandnigger kike kike kike kike retard retard retard retard i can play this child game all day long on gab speak freely
your leafs 5 pts clear of 9th - placed tb , who 've got 5 games to go .
your leafs win the 1st tiebreaker , row 37 - 34 , as it stands now , so the lead is actually 6 pts .
to blow it now would be 1 of the worst collapses in sports history , rivalling the 4 - 1 meltdown in the last half of the 3rd period of the 7th and deciding game of the your leafs - bruins series a few playoffs back .
your leafs 10 - 2 - 1 run of late , a fluke , they are for sure no way that good , and things do have a way of evening out .
lady luck , she 's a fickle 1 .
sens got a lot of bodies on dl , tb , fla guys hurt all year , buf .
bisons are as good as your leafs , saw it here last week , save for the hurts .
no injuries for the fabled blue - and - white of any note this season , but that always evens out , too .
karma is a you - know - what .
some guy on the radio touting babcock for coach - of - the - year , again .
been going on since he got here .
can you get best coach cuz your team had no injuries and all your rivals did ?
william randolph hearst is the reason marijuana is illegal today he owned newspapers and timberland in n carolina decordecator came out around this time so he printed in his papers blacks and mexicans were smoking it and raping white women also was married to the president sister at the time
stupid bitch
if you choose to be an artist and can only make $ 40k a year , then you can either become a better artist and make $ 300,000 or be happy with $ 40 or get a more marketable skill and do art on the side .
that 's how the world works .
there is no justification to subsidise anyone except for people who ca n't look after themselves .
the rational that artists use to get subsidised can be applied to any group or individual .
i like to sail but ca n't make a living at it .
if you want to force other taxpayers to pay for me to sail , then i would sail more , and we would have more canadian sailors , the world would be a better place .
as everyone knows , a country who loses its sailors loses its soul .
or some other nonsense that artists like to say .
they are demoshits never give a demoshit moslem or an illegal an inch they all will turn every city state and country into a shit hole
and there it is ... pay to play , big 5 style !
i was never opposed to illegal immigrants until i came home to a mexican raping my daughter .
those bastards stole my job dammit
if bitches wanna nigga , get off the couch and go fine one&#128129 ;
when you admit black and brown people are abused by democrats as their standard of living fall to the rats !
is @orkinpest racist too @joyannreid when they ranked baltimore in top ten of rat infested cities ?
americans are tired of your race card sweetie ! #
trumplandslide2020 url url
what they try to do is move in her hair of not being washed and wanting to rape in touch in thought of when we touch as father and daughter
bitch i 'm michael jackson dangerous , i got yes julz in my bracelet .
what about an open letter to the double the number of blacks and hispanic christians who voted for trump ?
this article is trying to double down on the false idea that it was the mad white men who put trump into office .
in that sense this article is racist , because it fails to factor in the actual voting patterns among all christians .
@gopchairwoman @realdonaldtrump 18 - 30 million illegals in this country ... congress & previous administrations have been letting americans down for decades !
what ’s worse than sucking a dozen oysters out of your grandmother ’s cunt ?
putting in 12 and sucking out 13
both the ap and the new york times have retracted the " all 17 intelligence agencies " claim .
perhaps you missed that ?
http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/u/us_trump_russia?site=ap&section=home&template=default&ctime=2017-06-30-17-32-29 

 https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.nytimes.com/2017/06/29/pageoneplus/corrections-june-29-2017.amp.html
< user > < user > yip the victim mentality type the vulgar language gutter swipes poor upbringing too want for everything but not prepared to work hard its owed bec white caused my failures in life the irony the biggest contributors to philanthropy in the world are all white people 😉
" we mess around here so much and it takes us a long time to make a decision , ” sen. gary stevens said .
that about sums up the work ethic of our legislative losers who put their party and themselves above what 's right for alaskans .
spend money they do n't have and put it on the backs of the people .
the logan roy school for journalism what next the jack the ripper women health clinic succession hbo
yo these threads on some dumb ass shit were 2 minority groups that should be flourishing but all y' all wanna act so damn stupid 🤮 shit ugly and y' all talk abt just white ppl the problem smfhhh 👎 🏽 👎 🏽
some spick kids scratched my parents car today and for whatever reason i did not call the cops and just scared them away
i 'm not even upset just incredibly fucking disappointed
one of the hardest things to find in america is a doctor who is not a nigger sand nigger dot head spic or chink
are you attractive ?
do you have a strong frame ?
go game all of them and fuck the one who takes the most interest .
be attractive , not unattractive and you literally ca n't go wrong .
darrell revis took ya < number > receiver and made sure than nigga ain ’ t get < number > yards
lesbian babes stretch their thorough assholes and scr42ekm url url
i just got the most retarded cut in my life
wow , you 're mexican ?
i had no idea !
you 're so lucky you look white .
i hate these people with a passion hey .
they 're worse than homophobes
i do n't see mthembu having the principles grootes suggests ..... he is no different , party before country !
khoza does n't trust mbete and others , i do n't blame her ..... placing my and my family 's security in someone as corrupt as her ... or indeed the ' esteemed ' police minister ( from kzn )
# 엑소5래도 # 5yearswithexo whatever you do , whoever you are and wherever you are , we will treasure you until time stop .
gtjy
when will this obnoxious spic moron finally be deported he is raving like a lunatic
motherfucking come make me , bitch
i 'm the realest nigga ever on god   takeoff the realest nigga ever offset the realest nigga ever   o n g o d # migogang
you could also open up the school via the internet just like the other schools have done in my area they have kids go to a class and learn via a feed from the teacher who could be hundreds or thousands of miles away .
but being sexist is cool
my mother and boyfriend are something else .
they made plans for this weekend while i was at work & # 128580;&#128580;&#128580 ;
@bbctms i wish i could be inglish so i could be better than everyone else # xenophobic # nationalism
@quancyclayborne they should be put in cages on our southern border to await their upcoming deportation .
this mexican bitch almost just hit me with her car and she sped over the speed bump just so she could do it omfg
no , i 'm an african american .
i can send you a picture of me flipping you off with a sign that says " kiss my black asshole " if you want .
cursive or print ?
i write well in both .
would you like a timestamp ?
insults aside , i was n't intentionally jabbing at them being black , just that they were acting in a very childish , animalistic , and pathetic fashion .
monkeys , niggas , hooligans , neanderthals , idiots , losers , degenerates , wastes of dna , subhumans , beasts , whatever you want to call them , they were n't acting like people .
it does n't matter that they 're black .
dreamers can go straight to hell .... fck them !
< user > i m not lol i m categorizing middle school white kids and asians as horrible fighters
“ drivers actually will drive by you in the same lane , within inches , as if challenging you for your spot on the road , ” meislahn said .
motorists that do that want to pretend that bicyclists do n't exist .
steering the wheel or momentarily removing the foot from the accelerator taint the driving experience .
to justify their bad behavior , bad apple motorists characterize bicyclists as incorrigible scofflaws .
denial .
river .
egypt .
< user > linda came to flint michigan for a photo op of delivering water to families she not even from michigan our newpaper made a big deal to show how co operative the recent refugees were in this crisis
so all whites have to do is prop up your victim complex ?
good to know .
i will disparage nehlen for marrying a beaner all i please tyvm
i am interested in establishing an all white nation no jews no blacks no wetbacks no asians
please quit crying and get an idea of where new wealth comes from ....
> another said homosexuality is " not acceptable for us lot " .
the crawl back into whichever shit - hole you dragged yourself out of .
for all we know they might have plans to deal with that situation by developing bio weapons that specifically target groups like arabs once they have removed whites from the equation
< user > the majority of abusers are of anglo descent not many negroes are abusers it seem to be a desire of most anglos to as they say break in a child or tame them to comply white kids are more likely to be abused by someone they know
@the_patriot_v @realcandaceo why illegal aliens ?
you morons do a pretty good job of killing each other . #
buildthatfuckingwall
oh hush rt < user > sliding in dms in this economy whew child the ghetto
stop having sex with women who do n't take you out on a date .. you deserve more bro
dude ! ,
you mentioned trump , " i notice some muslims , hispanics , and blacks are claiming the the media , trump , and police are slow to call this terrorism , because the shooter is white , and likes guns and country music . "
if that is not mentioning trump , then i do n't know what is .
happy pride month everyone !
lets rub our rainbows all up in every homophobes face more than usual because this is our month ! ! !
url
long life to our nations long life to europe and western stop this white genocide fuck this nwo against our families our lands and our existence
last year , 3 muslim women in burqas were arrested in their effort to blow up the notre dame cathedral with a car bomb of propane gas canisters   they were stopped only because they were driving erratically , trying to get into a good location   to demolish the 1000 year old christian edifice .
seemingly notre dame is a special target for islamic love .
we don't;hear much about that do we .
compliments from women are more appreciated by me than a man compliment bitches be mean so if she says you cute you cute hun
it 's easy to look at test scores and form an opinion based on that one indicator .
if you actually lived in hawaii , you would understand the masses of immigrant children are educated in the same school system ( taking the same standardized tests ) as our local kids .
try teaching high school physics to an immigrant student with a preschool comprehension of english .
then apply those same parameters to a micronesian high school transplant who can not speak english , zero math training and no desire to learn anything .
your bias is one of the reasons young talent chooses other professions .
easy to criticize while being ignorant of challenges unique to our state ( i.e. , most diverse immigrant population in the nation ) .
how do teach if you ca n't communicate ?
if the profession was so desirable with great pay and time off , where are all the applicants in the current shortage ?
< < crickets > >   the work is too hard , too stressful and too political to live with the mediocre state salary for most .
she s homophobic and transphobic and really rude
fat jews better hope a wetback engineer did not design their casting couches
[ x - post /r / askreddit ] [ serious ] men of reddit who are victims of sexual / physical abuse from their wives / girlfriends , what has your experience finding help been like ?
dey was in white robes , fuckin one another !
in the ass .
like a choo choo train
not according to the three ( 3 ) supreme court decisions on the subject ....
how fucken stupid are americans .
everywhere else in the world people have to only cross at certain times and places but in america no , americans think they 're better than everyone still .
just for the record is this the same journalist that wrote the article a few weeks ago telling us to mongrelise ?
same .
catch these illegal fucks and send them back .
my problem with what you said is that proving that the stop was for " driving while black " or " driving while latino " is impossible to prove .
thus , saying that the person so stopped should sue is futile , since the suit would go nowhere , and merely cost the person money .
what do you call a mexican who 's really good at swimming ?
a texan .
@ctblogger no !
he 's like the man who cried wolf too many times .
too many times he read words like today only to go back on them a few days later .
wait until his next rally , he 'll be back to his racist rhetoric against immigrants & poc , and his racist audience will cheer him on . #
itmfa !
i have thicker poc porn gifs if u want 🥺
spic face gutierrez is talking right now i have had dogs as pets that were smarter than this piece of fucking spic shit
where are the white hate groups that have killed people recently ?
there are n't that many hate crimes committed by hate groups .
they 're all done by crazy people .
" @ishlmaru this is from the same girl who quoted " " are you insane like me ?
been in pain like me ? " "
for our last peer review & # 128556;&#128299 ; "
@israelusaforevr @colleen20238198 well , definitely the worst tranny .
hey joe , what he said .
step away from the tool shed .
url
karma ☺
rt @ivanrabago _ : @infamouscoryog @_whiteponyjr _ @eakaerick there 's only like one retarded fucking beaner that does and he 's a stupid ass ex&#8230 ;
is anyone else fed up with people using the so called race card against you ?
if so , tell us about it
hubble view of eris and dysnomia this is an image of the dwarf planet eris ( center ) and its satellite dysnomia ( at 9 o ' clock position ) taken with nasa 's hubble space telescope on aug. 30 , 2006 .
this settles it @wearemitu are literally the fucking cops 🤮 🤮 a bunch of fuckin bootlicking beaners url
sadiq khan has said he believes " the threat of terror attacks are part and parcel of living in a big city ” 

 i 'm curious if he 'll repeat that after the # finsburypark incident
i honestly hate indians , muslims , really anything with brown , black or yellow coloured skin i hate .
what does the liberal party , pm trudeau or china have to do with an article on pollution ?
nothing !
focus on the issue dude .
" dusty artifacts " ? ?
is that what you think history is all about,,,,dusty old artifacts that no one will ever be interested in ?
i see you failed your high school history classes , eh ?
if you notice , i did n't say anything about being accessible , just that what was once a great exhibits on history , has been dumb down by electronic toys .
maybe you think its a great idea , but so will most people who flunk history in high school .
< user > devildog put both on to a spectrum the number of radical muslims that support carrying out jihad is big the number of radical jews that support and employ the talmud is small in comparison yet their leverage in media financing academia and politics is revealing bad influence on both
putin 's cyber warriors may need to practice - the true professionals are the usa ( nsa ) who have direct access or are in charge of the encryption algorithms and architecture of the internet .
apologies - and the democrats were quite naive and security incompetent !
and more apologies - all sovereign nation 's security agencies idulge in this intellectual sport - diplomacy by another name   .- )
come on you ballless twats it 's supposed to be a roast , not a " i 'm looking for compliments please tell me , you would like to fuck me . " .
show some restraint goddamnit .
that nigga kawhi is nice bruh
# myunpopularopinion spanish bitches suck dick by 11 and have babies by 15 because they 're already fine and dressing slutty .
why don ’ t we make a separate country for illegal aliens and call it mexico
not gon na let someone like him talk shit to my dear theoriginals specially when the person is being this retarded since god knows when i might not post a lot but i am watching all of you 👁 👁 creeps away slowly
words that no one ever says to a silent broad shouldered good looking guy : " you 're so quiet "
players must allow iebc to execute its mandate per law otherwise be guilty to killing free , fair and credible election # railaplanningchaos
normal it does n't matter if you are black , yellow or normal i hate all of you ....
this is big news , silent dan does something to help ordinary alaskans , a big improvement over his efforts to derail clean water initiatives .
yta .
the worst part of this is gall at being offended by his " unprofessional " behavior .
i 'm gon na shit all over this person and then be surprised that it upset them .
🤣 🤣 🤣 fucking classic sociopathic reaction .
it 's only business until someone reacts negatively to me then it 's personal and they were the ones in the wrong .
you a garbage sub - human .
well , i have seen the shirt on a couple of my black friends but never on one of my hispanic or white ones , so i 'll just leave it at that .
it 's sort of like years ago , one of the black platoon sergeant 's i knew was aghast to discover that one of our officers had wound up in oakland at about 11:30 pm in a soft - top civilian jeep and survived the visit .
his response "   " man !
black people do n't be on the street at that time of night in oakland ! "
he was n't reluctant to use the " n - word " regarding some of his ethnic persuasion when he thought they deserved it .
that was a constant in the military .
the lazy , the intentionally incompetent , the slackers on sick call ; the ' real ' black soldiers threw the " n - word " on them regularly .
we honkies could n't use it , but they certainly did .
different cultures are just different cultures .
what do i have to do to get your fucking attention
canada has a long history of helping out other countries , both conservative and liberal governments have done so .
this is initiative is for $ 20 million , harper gave about $ 3 billion for his maternal and child health legacy project .
< user > < user > this dude josh a racist 🤣 not only white ppl can be racist clown
< user > listen i do not mind if azzmador or any other person calls me spic or beaner or thinks i am subhuman but when you say it it really hurts i never thought you d say those things either way i am sorry for behaving that way and for sending you countless messages < number > < number >
i would have no problem with the transgender thing .
people with ca drivers license can drive in texas , and every other state .
your proposal could work if the government was never allowed to see or use the records of the private companies in any circumstance .
however , if that were the case there would be no way of knowing if anyone was certified .
statistically , gun crimes are not a significant problem .
and you will not get a 2nd amendment tirade from me .
i think and recommend anyone interested in gun ownership take a gun safety and shooting course .
as far a the 2nd goes , it is my understanding that the founders put it in for the specific purpose of citizens being able to defend themselves against a tyrannical government .
there is a downside to freedom , the more freedom allowed comes with the risk some will abuse the freedom .
anarchy has the greatest freedom with the greatest danger of violence .
dictatorships tend to government violence on its citizens .
i prefer freedom with the risks .
well done at least someone is getting off their arse and taking action rather then sitting behind a computer being a cyber warrior.i hope others will follow suit
senator , with this you become part of the probkem , not part of the solution .
if you follow through , you loose my respect and my vote and my support .
what 's the most common symptom of germaphobia ?
mild racism
trump scumbag former spic advisor just pushed for daca amnesty daca amnesty is war
what d ya know the fag the spick and the lesbian on the bench also know the meaning of the first happy days
from the mosque massacre in jerusalem the burning of churches in america over to new zealand mass shooting in two mosques over to sri lanka churches being blown up back to the states a well intelligent lad shoots up a synagogue ... this craze comes evil to the core them responsible should have their dna wiped from existence just throwing away the key just not enough .
i would like to appeal to jesus christ as well who is quoted in 3 gospels ( twice in matt ) that remarriage is equivalent to adultery .
jesus was super permissive with regard to aspects of the mosaic law .
his interpretation of the sabbath is far more liberal than that of the pharisees and current orthodox judaism .
he is also permissive in his refusal to apply the mosaic law to those caught in adultery .
instead of death he offers mercy , forgiveness and the command to sin no more .
the church follows suit in both cases , lax in its interpretation of the sabbath and just as merciful to the adulteress offering mercy in the confessional rather than the death penalty of mosaic law .
in other cases , like marriage and sexual conduct in general jesus was far more rigid .
no divorce , no remarriage .
adultery is broadened to include lustful desires of the heart .
the church follows suit again calling humanity to carry out the lord 's commands .
a person must ponder jn 6:67 " do you also want to leave ? "
fuck these bitches have them burned and killed and jailed   chirst christian capitalist morman jehovah witness scientology meth vokda immature sex exchange interracial bitches stealing money
bellichick traded away two decent quarterback prospects maybe we could have given them aj derby back .
realistically , what do you think we could get for siemian ?
or who would be foolish enough to give us anything ?
you know what elway 's fantasy is of course , to get andrew luck .
he would sell his soul to the devil to get luck even if he has two broken arms and could n't play for five years .
guess you missed him mimicking the guy with cp , calling mexicans criminals and rapists and treating women like they should be lucky enough to get groped by him .
🔸 these families need your support 🕉 🙏 🏽   🔸 they are paying huge price defending themselves against # jihadis   🔸 let 's make their life little easier and make sure that they remain hindus   cc @ippatel @ahmasmiyodha @modifiedvikas @riturathaur @swati_gs   url
while i agree that columbus was everything mr. fried stated;it was n't genocide that killed off the native population , it was infectious european diseases that accomplished that .
the natives had no natural immunity to say , smallpox or measles .
some historians say the impact of european and african settlers in the new world was more destructive than the black death had been in medieval europe , possibly killing off as much as 90 percent of the native populations .
seat belt laws are for a reason ... to tell ignorant people that not using seat belts kills innocent children & hapless dumbazz adults .
talk about stupid !
and once again ( as i see frequently on a daily basis ) , very few hispanics wear seat belts ... sorta like very few hispanics obey the immigration laws or respect our borders .
so now we have more dead people because of ignorance & thumbing their noses at the laws that are there to protect them & others .
how boneheaded & ignorant !
< user > because white assholes assume the entire world is theirs
that is gibberish .
national post/ toronto february 4 , 2016 ; 
 “ ... the argument that québec owes alberta or saskatchewan its support because it receives transfer payments , or because “ national unity ” is threatened , is unjust ( “ unjust ” , got it anglo canada ? ) .
wealthy provinces do n’t make direct payments to poor provinces .
the money comes from the federal treasury .
in other words , a wealthy citizen in québec pays more tax into the federal system and funds more equalization than a poorer citizen in alberta ... ( ) ... ” 
 so before vilifying québec as the uncooperative bad guy 
 better check your info , eh clancy ?
and you said ; " ... imagine a have not province with 10 dollar a day care for children maximum ( roc pay 3 or 4 times this ) ... " 
 who ’s lacking innovation here ?
canada is always 10 years behind québec 
 most governed care offer tickets with base contribution of $ 7.75 per day per child and they receive québec government grants to do this ... 
 ( still there ?
more to come )
thank you brent sass to care enough for your dogs and your own safety to know 
 when it 's right to stop .
we cross our fingers that in one of the coming years 
 everything will go just right !
" believe me , she would not be my first choice , " trump said of jessica leeds , " 

 welcome to the junior high mind of dumb dumb donald .
@anncoulter nasty ass lady .
your family were immigrants at one time too !
you act as though you 're somehow better than others .
a pussy milf mmmmm delicious that labia look so juicy , .
i wanna spread it with my tongue ♥ ️
they have high - end tenants worth billions of dollars and got rid of most of the down - to - earth local stores .
they make hundreds of millions off the high rise development on or about the shopping center .
it should n't take the state to force them to maintain this cash cow .
it should be the best maintained private facility on the island .
the manager is probably sitting on his hands ogling the tourists .
< user > < user > mr jihadi rapist of < number > year old and protector mass killer osama hiw do you do
totally agree .
he is pathetic .
he wo n't release his tax returns as they obviously contain information which will not show him in good stead , he has denigrated a war hero because he was captured , he stiffed his contractors , he desperately wants to get in bed with putin , has n't paid taxes in 10 years , he is a pussy grabbing misogynist , does not like blacks , latinos , muslims , people with disabilities , lgtbi and other minorities , stacked his cabinet with zealots , cronies , billionaires and people who have never had any experience running government , mercilessly criticizes and even threaten anyone who disagrees with him , he is a climate change denier , he did not win the popular vote , he lies with impunity , eg , denied obama was a us citizen .
but , he is now the president , so we will dutifully allow him to strip medical insurance from millions , build that wall , reinstate stop and frisk , reduce taxes for the elite , build infrastructure , just to name a few , but where 's the money coming from .
so this is the kind of shit that people call whites who date asians eh sigh
the plight of illegals is sad indeed .
but , they are illegals .
if a nation can not control its borders , it will eventually cease to be a nation .
there is also the fact that many thousands of people wait for years to .immigrate lawfully .
i do n't pretend to have a solution to this vexing problem .
nevertheless   a solution must involve   maintaining the borders , allowing legal immigration , and facing up to fact that there are illegals here who are breaking the law and have no right --i.e .
a moral claim -- to be here .
omfg i dont want to be rude but i have no idea how to design characters its so funny and cute shjfgdv oloh .
< user > i wonder how the newspapers defined obvious racism as economic anxiety in germany as the nazis rose to power p
terrorism is a religious phenomena .
anti - terrorist activities do not address the problem , they simply try to cope with the barbaric results of right wing extremism .
without addressing the source little to no progress will be made .
read the bible and the koran and you will find that they are filled with hate speech .
this is the well spring from which the far right derives its justification for heinous acts of violence .
unfortunately in west religion is protected and untouchable .
terrorists are tolerated and condoned behind the walls of churches , mosques and temples around the world .
filthy crap , they have not right being here , we do nt want them and they must go back to mexico 🇺 🇸
jongin no homo but you are cute kyungsoo no homo but your dick was in my ass last night
i 'll see your murder - suicides and raise you ten or more dead little girls shot in their beds through the walls of their houses by gang bangers-- black , hispanic and asian , spraying their own neighborhoods with random shots while high on drugs .
and the black ones wearing " warn - a - brother " t - shirts to threaten the good , honest , people in the neighborhood so they wo n't testify against the scum .
fbi statistics say those are the deaths ; the victims are the same race as the murderers .
you did n't like the chicago tribune articles that showed those facts when i published them here on cc ; i can go to a different city ....
if you were smart you would nt create a white pride school group , take it from someone who has been through it .
promoting violence or engaging in political violence is not helpful we do not have the numbers or the support to engage in illegal activities such acts of violence are futile and gives more ammunition for our enemies to dehumanize us
dan made me watch into the spider verse the other day and i am literally going to kill all of you for months you have been giving me spidergwen this and spidergwen that but none of you told me about fat stupid peter parker
a religion is a belief system that a person chooses to follow .
you do n't " choose " to be lgbt+ it 's simply who you are
i will have to look into it but i never hear stories like the english prison muslim stories from people who have been inside in scotland they seem to enjoy it for the most part lol
i miss you , you racist cocksucker .
how is your 3rd world shithole city shaping up for baseball and football season ?
are you excited to see them follow the example of your shithole country ?
inbred bitch .
rapping is fucking retarded do not know how i did it when i was younger
mr azavii , tear down this wall 
 we need to explode with blackpills
my girlfriend always takes long showers after watching movies starring chris pratt ... i do n't know what she 's doing in there , but it gives me lots of time to jerk off to chris pratt .
let 's call all muslims terrorists then ?
there 's a fucking clown filter on snapchat , i want to die .
here are the only ones i have ever seen taras .
bulba . [
1962 ] - youtube wow , there is a re - make of taras bulba .
send them back to where they came from .
send them back !
send them back !
please @cw_spn tell me @markrpellegrino is going to be on tonight 's episode .
this # spn drought has killed me . #
supernatural
i hate how news media titles subjects so negatively .
i am with @mariolopezextra kids should just be kids .
i do n't think kids are old enough to know what they really want or know anything about sexuality yet .
if you change something physically that can be dangerous .
jizz down her throat then call ice for deportation
oh man , this episode of lost tapes is really fucking stupid .
where are the luchadors ?
this person is obviously retarded she thinks the furry thing is serious and has an obsession we all have gook sex slaves we do not want people this retarded
fun fact - by recycling just one glass bottle , the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours
remeber they come at you with a smile then ask you hate jews blacks the mexicans not the illegal ones just regulars then ask you repent for your sins repent is another fake christian do not fallow there a wako texas style christian lmfao funny gay nazis whitesupreamist fbi will be watching 😉 🤗 🤗 🤗 🤗
eat pussy and take care of your mental health
any rapper wanna buy some clever one liners that my white ass can not make sound cool
i love it i have honey bees as well do not know where your at but here i had to put a fence around it to keep the coons from knocking my hives over fact
i am honestly intimidated by 14year olds in 2017&#128563 ; i do n't even look like that at 22 !
if had any make up at 14 it was bc my aunty sold avon
< user > i ’ m sorry i don ’ t dress like a ghetto hood rat like you
hey guys please go here to help us send the mexicans back to mexico .
the russians hacked a server and used the data to influence an election & destabilize america by causing people to question the legitimacy of the president elect .
manning exposed a government coverup where us soldiers murdered journalists .
if you can not see the difference there is no help for you .
nobody even knows if they are really the children of those who they say they are .
come on .
get real .
the word is out .
there 's no more danger along the way here ?
separating children from their parents ?
we should n't be accountable for the droves of people rushing the border .
sick ?
bringing whatever it is into america ?
the words out .
as for those sociodemocrats , you 're more of a hindrance than a resolve .
as a country , we would be far better off without you .
i would expect my walking papers if i were you ...
i do n't get it .
i 'm sure other races do it , but it baffles me that whites want to blame other races for some intangible issue .
blame the blacks , blame the chinese , blame the mexicans .
uh , what are they really taking from us whites personally ?
nothing substantial i can put a finger on .
certainly nothing from me personally that makes a hoot of difference in my life .
i 've got it good .
i could have it better , but the only one to blame for that is me .
exactly how did obama perpetuate hate ?
by being elected ?
trump has called for exporting 11 million latinos .
he has lumped them together as rapists and criminals .
he has called for banning all muslims .
trump has insulted women for their looks .
yeah , obama is the hater , alright .
what 's black and does n't work ?
patrick swayze 's pancreas .
glad i have access to the latin mass and will not have to hear whatever dumbed down translation comes out of this .
construct bread and circuses ghettoes for white men to crowd into football and video games to keep them from being political but then attack the circuses with politics
yep and hispanic kids continue to under perform in school .
but hey !
we walked out of class ! !
no actually i gather my data from the growing body of both research and legal work coming from this and other cases of pfoa contamination around the country .
and no 70 ppt is not really considered safe to drink long term that was the limit set by the us epa but that limit will most likely be lowered to somewhere in there area of 20 ppt in the near future .
i hope the rest of the team whidbey is as bright thoughtful and full of facts as you are i   really ca n't wait to get you on the stand and depose you ...... have a great weekend .
when arguing with the oppisite sex .
we only half listen .
or listen to first point and only speak on that ignoring the other points .
i heard all points .
they just did not interest me enough to make the effort to reply .
also if you have multiple problems with me why the hell are you : 1 .
with me , 2 .
airing them all at once like noob with a rapid fire gun .
lol
< user > < user > unfortunately not there so many draculas that a few fell through the cracks of the coffin
what do brick sidewalks and fat women have in common they both get laid by mexicans
< user > < user > < user > my pasty white ass needs it for real tho heather u and ur hubby should join us next time make it a pftpm posse remote meer up
because british men are cuckolds and too cowardly to do what needed it quite pathetic if that happened to my daughter or sister there d be a tribes worth of sand niggers finding out there no virgins waiting for them
they 're just mad they did n't get to rape her .
why is anna acting like she black 😊
no to globalism political islam pc racism open borders yes to free speech patriotism secularism equality between men women black white yellow right wing but anti nazi and anti islam colored man with good education and job life gives you opportunities take or do nt cry
math algebra reason the work ethic the nuclear family all halloween costumes and all white people in general are racist so yes count me in metoo
the usual il duce trump , one issue haters follow their wannabe dictator immediately respond with their illiterate limbaugh dictionary rhetoric .
wild rants from the heirs of former immigrants all of which were disparaged in the same way in history unless they were those aryan white folk from germany like trump .
@auspost will check again after monday - auspost still does the final leg delivery which is why this kpi is so bloody infuriating
this patient is like x school is full of black people ghetto stop right there bitch self hating fuck you do not get a free pass to say racist shit because you are half black
that thing where you tie one running shoe than get distracted before shoe number two
the biggest normie cope of the day - part i 
 # use rejection for motivation .
maxwell is a stupid nigger who will never get blacks to vote republican in meaningful numbers before the spics already demographically take over the country
go back to your third world shithole bitch
" but nuclear has expensive capital costs . "
yes , and so does solar .
i wonder where they are attributing the co2 from backup generation for solar and wind ?
i get taken for granted , when i 've been nothing but real and honest with everyone .
i can take shit for granted too .
plastic surgery is the only way out , everything else is cope 
 rip poorcels .
if you think climate change is a scam , then our education system has failed you .
there can be no argument made that proves it is not the greatest threat we face .
the evidence is abundant , please do your reading before posting anything .
https://climate.nasa.gov/causes/ 
 https://climate.nasa.gov/effects/ 
 https://climate.nasa.gov/scientific-consensus/
my wife has mutism .... now she literally ca n't say no !
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
< user > < user > when i saw video of her family members walking in the courtroom they all looked like white supremacist klansmen especially the males they did not look like they were used to wearing suits they d be more comfortable in white robes
< user > i wonder how the newspapers defined obvious racism as economic anxiety in germany as the nazis rose to power p
i really fail to understand the mentality of a white conservative who is not a white nationalist 

 a simple study of how the majority of negros and mexicans vote and their birthrates and it is obvious they will lose their country in one generation if they do n't choose white nationalism
@whycrow the expanse
another sick human selling violence just to get likes and views - humans do n't deserve to survive .
the earth will be far better off when homo sapiens kill and toxify themselves out of existence !
another reason it might say so in the census is because whites like me refused to fill out the census , to deliberately help skew it towards whinorities .
fuck the < number > immigrants the government lost i only care about < number > immigrant the government lost where is she
< user > only white ppl fall for that shit
i 'll never stop though .
it 's not racist if they literally are an inferior species
and tomatoes i hate tomatoes this hoe just said fuck my instructions
basen on the philosophy you seem to espouse on this site , i highly doubt that you either voted for bill clinton , or were ever anything but a hard core righty , there is n't any shame in it .
the only poll that shows trump even close to 50 % is rasmusen , which is very right leaning .
if it did n't work as a gun deterrent maybe you could get him to chase the laser light and lead him out the door !
" but catholic scholars did not get permission to do critical analysis of the bible using modern exegetical methods until long after protestants already were doing that , so it 's taken them awhile to catch up . "
specifically , 1943 , with pius xii 's encyclical divino afflante spiritu .
if we had no politicians in d.c .
at least < number > months out of the year we could save millions on sexual harassment payouts we could visit d.c .
without getting dirty
i found it very interesting that mbalula had phahlene sitting next to him at the press briefing yesterday .
phahlane himself with huge corrupt question marks hanging over his head .
then your part of the reason the west is dying .
you want a better country then kick out the niggers and spics with their high crime and breeding rate and get rid of the jews who are hellbent on destroying us
what is that difference ?
bill clinton was in a position of authority over some of his conquests , yet you just call them affairs .
biased much ?
how is the russian conspiracy theory going ?
not a theory .
the investigation is roaring along obviously .
almost too busy for them to handle things .
if this was such a plot against trump , we would 've heard about it from investigators themselves .
there are likely hundreds of people involved .
they are n't all democrats .
i am certain that lots of them are republicans .
if they are disgusted by the wrongdoing of the   investigation , they would 've let the world know by now .
why do nt anti vaxxers do nt believe doctors ?
they think staying alive for 8 years impossible .
fucking kike wannabe minority
being a small minded and nasty person who is lacking in emotional and spiritual maturiyt and whose ministry is basically scamming gullible people out of money certainly strike me as disqualifications to the priesthood .
and i 'd prefer that the right men ( and sadly it is still only men ) enter the priesthood rather than ordaining anything with a pulse .
we really do n't need immature woman hating men who want to play latin mass dress up and act like little dictators becoming priests .
they do so much to chase people out of the church .
you apparently can say whatever you want about mexicans , hispanics & black people , but the republican party draws the line on white women .
this rebecca pregnancy storyline has n't even started i 'm already sick to death of it , fucking kill rebecca off , stupid , pointless character !
we need to do both .
otherwise , we 're simply drawing up walls between us .
as vatican ii reminded us :   there are two principal tasks of every catholic :   pursue holiness and apostolate .
the universal call to holiness and apostolate .
was n't vatican ii good ?
these two pursuits actually meet in the middle !
one reinforces improvement on the other .
do you remember the principle of " combined arms " from your army days ?
similar concept .
reinforcing action , creating new dilemmas for the devil .
the legitimacy of the church is n't as important as the legitimacy of the rite .
baptism , in the name of the triune god is the issue .
similarly , most folks might not balk at a church of christ baptism , even though they 're fully pelagian .
i think if one is truly concerned , they should speak to their elders / pastor about it and seek rebaptism , but so long as they understand what baptism is / isn't .
germany was invaded by niggers and arabs but you make a show to old boomers on river .
worst army in the world , cucks .
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
" i must be # tired or something that i # read " " therapist " " as " " the rapist " " .
lol . #
samespellingifputtogether "
the shiny pony is about to be trampled under the republican stampede .
the lightweights on the hill could n't fight their way out of a wet economic bag .
and zoolander why are 65 % of the refugees you let in already sponging off the food banks ?
get a grip !
sorry , trump has brought racism and bigotry to the forefront by railing against muslims , including insulting a gold star family ; his claiming the judge 's bias because he 's a mexican in the trump u fraud case .
he has a pattern of incidents of discriminating against african americans since the 70s on , and his birther claim against obama .
in his campaign , trump   after african americans , immigrants , latinos , asians , women , muslims and even mocked a disabled reporter .
and it 's interesting how the kkk and other white supremacist groups have been emboldened under the trump administration .
who is this " true " christian ?
the one who bragged about   sexually assaulting women and surrounds himself with the kkk , neo nazis and called mexicans " rapists and killers ? "
do n't be shy now .
also the conflation of immigrants with minorities is misguided it something the right does that the left should avoid
as a conservative i thought that many accusations against obama were unfounded .
but now he is protecting isis in libya .
beyond belief !
islam
only nazis would charge < number > bucks for a tee shirt
personally i d like to see widespread public discussions and academic research concerning the holocaust without icke and rense please i am confident the science and historic record will back up the official narrative < user > ‍
that 's at least partially because a significant proportion of white violent criminals wear badges , and therefore are n't convicted of their numerous assaults , murders , robberies , rapes etc .
doc stats i saw were based on convictions .
take - home conclusion was that whites were three times more likely to commit violent sexual abuse of children than blacks , and five times more likely than latinos .
women are now against the draft since women will be included soon
i hope san francisco sinks into the pacific ocean you f*cking < censored > sanctuary stench hole for queers illegal criminals this hispanic piece of shit gets off with time served i wonder how long kate steinle will be dead
india should link teesta with bangladesh taking back illegal migrants .
i do n't see mthembu having the principles grootes suggests ..... he is no different , party before country !
khoza does n't trust mbete and others , i do n't blame her ..... placing my and my family 's security in someone as corrupt as her ... or indeed the ' esteemed ' police minister ( from kzn )
get off your high armchair and go back to your chapo shithole .
restraining people is hard , especially someone like this who 's off his meds , high on cocaine and running into traffic , endangering not only himself but the lives of others .
what a complete ignorant racist .
this woman is a homosexual who supports a democratic party that favors muslims over her .
the same muslims that preach she should be thrown off the highest point to her death .
the dude broke german codes that helped win the war and you 're focusing on his sex life ?
and fuck religion .
it 's made up fairy tale .
does n't deserve any more respect than people who say they were kidnapped by aliens , saw elvis recently , or the rapture is coming .
get some fucking evidence for you beliefs or keep that shit to yourself .
because they wanted to fuck her .
my parents used to beat me so hard i thought my name was the sound of a whip
< user > do not include egypt we are not arabs
nobody should have the right to hide their identity in public from their fellow citizens .
2019 ca n't come fast enough .
how to describe hypocrisy all the folks calling on trump to call out white nationalism had not been able to call out antifa blm islamicterror how worse can their hypocrisy be
manlet wimp prettyboy
quite frankly i 'm surprised this has n't happened in a rural area of oregon already .
for some reason people in oregon seem to think that anyone with brown skin , and does n't appear to be asian , is automatically an illegal immigrant from mexico .
i used to find it somewhat humorous when these ignorant people would tell me , an american indian ,   " go back to mexico where you came from . "
i could really care less what president does , it 's the people that elected him that terrify me .
remember all those people that lined the streets with their guns to   protested obama coming to roseburg .
these are the people i am worried about .
not a sin , homophobia in islam is .
masturbate to traps i must .
" just how many times was that man excommunicated , called to rome to recant , allowed back in , only to repeat again . "
none .
fr .
de chardin was never excommunicated .
i have been making it a point to read more stories with lesbians other queer protagonists because i still experience random gay guilt as i am recovering from years of family conservative christianity it very validating healing to read stories that reflect your existence
i 've come out to students before and some of them have thanked me for it .
usually , they 're bi or part of the community in some way .
they 've told me that they feel more welcome and they see me coming out has had a positive impact on the class culture .
the kids feel safer around me and they appreciate that i can be open with them .
what do you call a mexicans first car ?
a john deere
i love those expressions , i m latino tho
a white guy running food cart that sells " latin " chicken ?
what are latinos not good enough for wweek to make latin chicken ?
if want to see the level of shame , regret and hate within the gay mob , just try criticizing their behavior in any degree .
these people are slaves to their worst impulses and you wo n't be spared .
as if it only okay when you are a cute gay boy or a handsome one or a pretty girl or a hot ass dyke or you are a fishy queen
the last time i went to catholicchurch for sunday mass the filipino priest was clearly homosexual there were like < number > white folk there these little hispanic kids were signing and dancing and the priest lectured on welcoming refugees and no latin spoken 🙉 🙉 🤢 🤢 that was it 😒 gabfam speakfreely
< user > where is the diversity video full of white people trust me very painful for the minority very painful
hell look at how angry they got when they discovered the rest where breeders too they went from open and friendly to distrustful hell we have no idea what the demographics of there planet is tealc might have been the first black person they saw kinda like the random medival village that s isolated and a black trader comes through and they are wary because its something they have no idea about
the rape of our children by pakis is a call to arms brexit < date > < time > < number > mps arrested for treason pakistani community expelled from the uk
also start chargeing these countries a daily fee for each one of theirs here illegally !
they should have to reimburse us !
stop all financial aid to these countries !
children should be sent back right away !
those coming with children that is not their 's is human trafficking children !
should never be allowed into america !
we need borders shutdown and our military allowed to shoot these invaders !
or bring out those energy weapons !
once they understand we will this will stop !
we americans and legal immigrants are tired of this !
our constitution must be inforced !
in the movie titanic , how did rose stay afloat ?
with her back on the driftwood and her legs on jack .
i got banned from r / jokes ... they told me " do n't use nsfw material !
think of the children ! "
those mixed messages really messed with me .
what do you call a mexican who 's really good at swimming ?
a texan .
i 'd focus on the aspect of forced integration and that the whites acted in response to that , first .
you are entirely correct lowlives love pitbulls meth dealing tweakers outlaw bikers black ghetto thugs juggalo stoners chicano gangbangers they all love pitbulls i blame snoop dogg for this
so just regular retarded then
i hope anti - semitic congresswomen omar and talib have not gotten their children vaccinated because most vaccines were created by jews and if their children and families are anti - semitic like them they 'll have to suffer
these freaks need to be dropped off on devils island near south america and left to rot .
penises cut off too
there should be a law that anyone mentioning the hatch act must be bitch slapped
we need to spread more videos around haman : wntube - youtube the white nationalist way ...
take the full force of the us military , federal police , and immigration services and send them street by street , town by town , and state by state with the mission of removing all illegal persons , dreamers , anchor babies , and any extended relatives to mexico no matter nation of origin .
let mexico figure it out .
they have been sending them here for decades .
if that does n't stop the flow north .
revoke the citizenship of all prison inmates with a life term or longer and deport them to mexico in mass .
i 'd bet mexico would start building a wall tomorrow .
the person i am closing with called in sick then texted me happy birthday 😂 😅 fuck you to bitch
if people are 70 % water and i walk on top of people that mean i m 100 % going to jail
which super saiyan character from dragon ball z was stephen hawking ?
-vegita 

 nah jk white ppl are n't monkeys
< number > we all know how fear and security take over common sense civility objectivity trump seems to be afraid of everyone women democrats immigrants homeless people in turn they fear him to the point where threat of civil war or being executed for treason are believable
question arises - why are n't other minority groups marching also - black , hispanics , muslims , gays , american indians , native hawaiian , asians , etc .
dumpy is going to make it miserable for all of these groups .
he only favors white europeans and rich people .
that 's how i think of the world in which we live .
not , " i recently spoke at a music and literature festival that was so painfully white ... " so painfully asian , east indian , black , hispanic ....   her mind is very lopsided .....
" but nuclear has expensive capital costs . "
yes , and so does solar .
i wonder where they are attributing the co2 from backup generation for solar and wind ?
great knock - out punch !
happy trans day of visibility buddy , i 've celebrated by going to my local transgender pride , protesting our rights .
only thing these kind of people are good at is working the system after having eight kids so they do n't have to work .
constant drains on society .
worthless as tits on a boar hog !
people say they want a country for whites like israel i say move to poland or any other very white nations just like jews moved from their homes to israel or america that is what is consistent logic wise
i am not apart of the black community my community is the circle i have created comprised of people i love and respect i was raised around my black relatives but not ghetto black culture there is a huge difference between marvin gaye and snopp dog
it 's fun to be hectored about clickbait culture by the likes of the g&m , who seems to publish more " opinion " pieces than real journalism .
your spelling and grammar speak volumes .
send them back deport the chain migrating no english speaking nude model gold digger ho melanie and the nazi german pussygrabber drumpf
shoot them at the border and they will stop ! !
effective and economical
it be the unbothered bitches that be knowing everything you post 😭 😭 😭
would not it be funny if american black and mexicans were going around beating the crap out of muslim arabs the liberal media would flat lose their shit
< user > if you do not see the difference between illegal immigrants and babies you do not belong in government
if obama , a black man , a latino american or a muslim group declared donald trump winning the presidency only because he was a white man and he had little else going for him except that ( insinuating he was a white man ) you would be condemning all as racist .
.
above you clearly state   " on the premise that he was a black man .
he had very little going for him than that " ( insinuating his color or being a black man ) .
.
earlier gene miller writes " his genetic color is only " relevant " to a racist . "
.
your statement clearly is based on his genetic color and his color being relevant to his winning the election .
.
gene millers words , nor do i " insinuate " that obama is a black man .
gene states , he had very little going for him than " that " , what does " that " mean ?
you continue to prove my point .
are you a racist ?
in your words , yes .
slut you could not afford a fucking < money > wedding cheap ass crossbreed wetback gorilla zoo animal
his base is not happy there goes the silent majority i bet ricky vaughn and based spic fuentes are running damage control
i would rather click on your bio , see your own thoughts , your take on articles you 've linked that interested you , or your own quoted replies to others ' posts that interest you , than just a simple repost of somebody else 

 your thoughts are much more fascinating to me , i can find theirs if i want
any rapper wanna buy some clever one liners that my white ass can not make sound cool
it is amazing how stupid and cowardly tancredo is and he got elected several times .
he was a draft dodger .
he knowingly hired illegals .
even when pointed out that he had illegals , he did nothing to stop it .
now , he thinks that first amendment applies to his wanting to force a company to hire a group that is about racism ( the illegal aliens is a front since they only care about latinos , and blacks ) .
have to say , that i hope he runs on constitutional or even the nazi party .
both are applicable to him .
now trump will disband and fire the cbo and allow a team of bannon appointees to disseminate pro - budget , pro - trump propaganda in its place . : )
seriously though , did anyone really expect what he and his administration claimed to be reality ?
i trust the cbo way more than i do trump when it comes to potential outcomes to his decisions .
canadian industry ....
the belief of the right to free speech now officially belongs to conservatives .
it 's both sad and understandable that we must remind liberals of their supposed fundamental belief of free speech , and defend what is now officially a conservative tenant .
berkeley 's mindset and actions- which are the very definition of fascism- strikes at the heart of what is wrong with both leftist academia and with the leftist platform of entitlement , safe spaces , and political correctness .
.
whether it 's howard dean lyingly stating that hate speech is not protected under the constitution ( in fact it is protected , what is not protected are threats ) or leftist celebrities supporting the suppression of views and beliefs contrary to their own , it is clear this modern - day book burning is why our conservative and libertarian values are needed more than ever .
more angelic christian boys ... ? ? ?
undoubtedly , the parents are proud of how they instilled these acts into their lowlife kids .
url
what do you call four dead mexicans in the bottom of a lake ?
quatro cinco .
dyke dyke dyke dyke faggot faggot faggot faggot nigger nigger nigger nigger whitey whitey whitey whitey wetback wetback wetback wetback sandnigger sandnigger sandnigger sandnigger kike kike kike kike retard retard retard retard i can play this child game all day long on gab speak freely
try adventism .
we were taught that we would be literally hunted through the woods because we would n't follow the coming mandatory sunday worship laws .
anyone else eat yorkshire puds with syrup or am i just fucked
way to go !
put his brown ass in jail for life for just supplying white folks who love to put drugs up their nose in their veins and probably up there ass .
he was just meeting the supply and demand market .
trump is outraged over mexico allowing immigrants into our country har har har cause it their job to protect our border hey neighbor i am mad you did not protect my house from these criminals i doubt trump will do anything about this only brave white men in texas will
@bennicrick @igotafatty95 @funnybrawls _ @javiextrasquare real niggas know lmao
save some of that up for our " undocumented tourists " when they start their " outreach " .
they do n't use fists .
too msny dsmn ppl in one state with any luck cali will go in the ocean that 'll clean that state up them it can rebuild minus the illegals
if i hear the phrase white privilege one more time i am going to opt to come back in my next life as a black hispanic latino illegal muslim jewish faggot feminist queer gay lesbian dike transgender piece of shit in other words everything i have not been in this life
aloha rick -- you are willing to spend $ 8 to $ 10b to " give people on the westside a traffic free alternative " ?
do you think the people of honolulu think the rail is just to provide an alternative for west side residents ?
the issue for all of us on the west side is traffic congestion .
we are shouting this out to the city as loudly as we can .
our city finances are stressed right now .
we do n't have the money .
where do you live ?
i live in ewa beach and the rail as built does not respond to our needs to bring children to school or grandparents ; to get to a second or third job ; to get to doctors .
which candidate for mayor would agree that the rail issue is about providing an alternative for west side residents ?
i listen everyday to the people who live and work in the west side and all they want is a reduction in traffic congestion .
the migrants need to stay away from thr border , so meh .
my issue is : who wants to bang aoc ?
those are the people who are sick , watch them .
today it 's aoc , tomorrow it 's the pony giving rides at the petting zoo
songs are considered racist but paki moslem child rape gangs are not
let me be the first to remind all the arrogant and know - it - all white men here that you do not have room to wave your supremacist flag over anyone , which i note that many do when stories about native people hits these pages .
in fact allow me to remind you also that studies show white men commit the most heinous crimes in the u.s.a. , and are known through research and law enforcement statistics to be at the top of the criminals who rape and kill small , innocent children across the country , and finally , proliferate foreign countries like latin america to find sex with children – 85 - percent for latin american countries .
not the kind of people who ’d have room to spout supremacy anywhere .
have a nice day .
how many white lives would it have saved so far if we had no non whites here , just in the usa and canada ?
women are giving you more attention because they mistook the sexual dating market with the actual dating market .
in these days , most women chase the top 20 % of guys in their young days to fuck with and then come back to guys like you to get children and settle down .
you have to ask yourself if you are fine with a deal like that .
the only reason why they are with you is because you can provide for them , they do nt love you .
its up to you to decide if that is enough .
who gives a shit about sphincter de beaner
nonsense !
obama referred to republicans as " the enemy " , and never tried to work together .
i wonder what they will name after jordan pape ' ? ?
thomas fire : 

 total acreage : 259,000 containment : 40 % 

 firefighter injuries : 0 civilian injuries : 0 firefighter fatalities : 1
white nationalist ideas have no place in civil society .
but black nationalist ideas , and hispanic nationalist ideas , well , that 's different .
they get a pass .
just so we 're clear : if you 're not cool with trans folks , including nb folks , we 're not cool
hundreds of african migrants cross us - mexico border in texas over past week : reports url
says the sperm guzzling homosexual
and who is this lovely exotic young lady over here ?
what do you call four mexicans that ca n’t swim ?
quatro cinco
jaden smith perfect example of being gay is in fact a choice he used to did n't laugh like a female n act all fruity
@greggutfeld .@geraldorivera - would you consider this incendiary rhetoric , geraldo ? "
exterminating latinos " .
putin 's cyber warriors may need to practice - the true professionals are the usa ( nsa ) who have direct access or are in charge of the encryption algorithms and architecture of the internet .
apologies - and the democrats were quite naive and security incompetent !
and more apologies - all sovereign nation 's security agencies idulge in this intellectual sport - diplomacy by another name   .- )
why do mexican kids act like they own the school ?
because their dads built it and their moms clean it
spixico south america nigfrica are older than america and most other white countries and centuries behind them all they are all totally inferior and incapable of keeping up with the higher standards of that of whites asians niggers spics have no place in a white mans world period
also , here is a link to the thread for meeting other people who are interested in defending our race , whether as militants or negotiators .
trump was a lifelong democrat so that would meet one qualification for a racist .
democrats are the party of slavery and jim crow laws which gave us legalized second - class citizens .
the kkk was formed by former white supremacist military officers defeated by lincoln 's army .
they were all democrats who hated the republican president .
their nice statues are being pulled down by other democrats .
american nazis hate just about everyone ; jews , blacks , catholics , mexicans ... and more .
i wo n't put those morons on the democrats even though democrats put them on republicans everyday .
< user > if bernie is sexist because he does not support warren then you and warren are anti semite for not supporting him he does not need to suck up to < percent > taking money from mega military industry corporate full of white men to run women campaigns feel the bern real progressive
what ’s the difference between a mexican and a jew ?
only one was able to make it over the fence .
looking for @22tcm    bar is open 🎼 🍺 🥃 😜    let 's get rowdy 😙
well said , every word .
these libs and wickedly selfish repubicans beckoned all the latinos they could , all for cheap labor ( like slave - owners ) or to get the latino vote .
now , when it 's clear that we 've allowed this lawlessness for too long , these people blame the consequences on those who want the law enforced for america 's good .
detestable .
the authors and their advocacy groups are not canadian .
they are based out of the u.s. look them up .
yet they are advocating for funding from canadian taxpayers .
i love it i have honey bees as well do not know where your at but here i had to put a fence around it to keep the coons from knocking my hives over fact
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > hey < user > there is a maldivian refugee living in canada who is stoking islamophobia and hatred and living off canadian welfare please look < user > up for tos violations < user > < user > < user > < user > < user >
closeted gays need to calm down i swear y' all are wild url
sadly the bishop has to ignore the victims of criminal illegals .
rapist rape , child molesters molest , murderers murder .
our heroin epidemic is fueled by millions of criminal illegal drug cartels members .
the illegal criminal gangs from across latin america prey on the latino community that this bishop claims to care about so much .
bishop indeed .
so , you 're cool with discrimination if its a result of free speech or religion ?
like in the 50s , with white only lunch counters ?
that shit was not relevant at all white people lame
@writebyhand thanks @writebyhand !
if your ears were ringing , @franksmisha & amp ; i were singing your praises .
" in quebec , the number of people crossing the border illegally has also increased exponentially .
from april 2014 to march 2015 , 166 people were caught crossing the border illegally .
by the next year , that number had almost doubled to 315 .
but in the eight months that followed — to nov. 30 , 2016 — another 823 had crossed illegally , the cbsa said . "
http://montrealgazette.com/news/quebec/the-new-underground-railroad-leads-to-hemmingford 
 i would call this a trend .
karma ☺
this is an amazing , beautiful and inspiring video .
i wish i had the courage to do something like this and actually come out as bisexual .
i 'm so proud of you for being able to do this .
no matter what anyone else thinks about you , eugene , just remember that you are an amazing , inspiring , courageous , and beautiful person .
thank you so much for all you have done to inspire me and others .
being trans in sweden is ok but we have to deal with so much bureaucracy when we turn to the trans specific healthcare .
there 's a lot of waiting involved .
i reached out to a gender therapist in mid 2016 and waited two years for hormones and 2,5 - 3 years for top surgery and legal gender reassignment .
that sucks when you just need help to live your life as yourself .
its the fucking number 5 trend and he posted 10 minutes ago we are legends
did you actually read the article before posting ?
people of color is like lgbtq term that exists to try to make a coalition out of people who do not get along hispanics ethnically cleanse blacks asians are hurt by aa policies put in place for nams political lesbians hate trannies various do not trust bisexuals we can amplify these tensions
did they convert or why have n't you eradicated this filth from the earth ?
milwaikee is the most biggoted city i have ever lived in .
every ethnic group talks trash about the others .
the only thing they agree upon is their hate for hispanics , blacks and asians .
the women who came out against weinstein filed lawsuits
you 're not a woman , you 're a cow .
you absolutely need to be milked , and you can milk my cock with your filthy pussy at the same time .
i 'll bite your neck to mark you as mine , and fill your cunt with cum over and over .
you 'll stay chained up in my basement , ready any time i want to breed .
< user > puppy ‍ < user > can you post this on the gay crossfit post on vd for me 3 x deported hiv wetback tranny has wetbacks protesting that we should give more handouts to illegal wetback trannies < number > wetback trannies are housed in the cibola county facility transgender unit
what a racist newspaper , did we need to know if they are hispanic .
if they were black , their race would not have been mentioned .
but as you posted this-- >   " latinos are not a race .
they are also " white "   under my comment , rest assured i am non - hispanic white .
not that it matters   at all to me but just sayin'-
society is like rice nobody likes the brown ones
i love tori more i swear ( tho i have to admit i think about wataru more but trust me he s only like my top 15 trust me )
how many islam political ideology followers are also animal activists
hey guys please go here to help us send the mexicans back to mexico .
i ai n't scared of an ice agent and i ai n't scared of no illegals i had half my face cut off by a group of illegals because they were drunk driving you want to f * * * * * * go there believe me i will not back down from anybody or anything they do n't belong in my fuckin countryi know anybody who supports these f * * * * * * piece of s * * * f * * * * * * should be thrown out with them
asians are < number > percent of uc irvine < number > percent of berkeley and < number > percent at ucla your grandkids will be asian and u r worried about a few jews lmao
who cares go back to your country
ship them out ! ! !
all of them .
make america white again .
not a citizen ?
here illegally ?
fu .
blacks and foreigners ruined this country .
everytime a nigger knocks up a welfare hoe the country goes just a tad further left everytime a mexican sneaks across the border the country goes just a tad further left
wait .
twitter handles video now .
what 's the recording length limitation ?
you are obviously stupid so you would not understand if you truly believe physical force is justified at this time why are not you shooting blacks or mexicans in the ghetto you do not really believe in what you are saying cuck
why do gay people need glasses ?
they ca n’t ever see straight !
_ " do you think before you write ? " _ --
ryanc in response to another inane comment by 4:20 

 ryanc : you could have stopped at : " do you think ? "
the answer 's pretty obvious .
-- paul
oh , i 'm sorry .
i forgot .
nothing 's ever your fucking fault .
what does shooting pool and mexicans have in common ?
the harder you hit , the better the english .
i 'm on the fence with abortion .
on one hand it kills kids , but it also gives women a choice .
i 'm late catching up on news .
i 've just heard government say britain might go to war with spain .
spain .
fucking hell
hello from gainesville , i lived in orlando for about 4 months good money bartending at the bbq bar , but too many rican sharps ... ugh 88/14 jj
rt < user > hyderabad woman allegedly gang raped by five men for two days in the presence of her husband who was confined by the men rachakonda police has apprehended < number > people including < number > who allegedly committed the crime further investigation is underway
< user > < user > poor buggers perhaps they should not have raped and beaten children
if you 're wondering why immigrants are still able to get jobs without papers , it 's because it 's about work ethic and dedication .
do n't piss on immigrants for " stealing your jobs . "
maybe you should work harder ?
🤷 🏻‍ ♀ ️
even the trope that " girls like assholes " was n't because the guys were assholes .
it 's because of how those guys look , generally , and sometimes how they acted , but not exactly the asshole part .
i 'm not really explaining it right , but i mean to say it 's not the " asshole " bit that the girls are attracted to .
criminals are like just normal , regular people ... ... but with darker skin .
to scare all the guys that would wanna fuck me .
also i feel like having a dick is way better than a pussy ngl
my friends amp my boo not tryna drunk with me this is ghetto
if you are a woman and you drive over < number > mph on the freeway you are a lesbian sorry i do not make the rules do not worry we will take care of you now
people are making an interesting case irt libel and some things gg is saying about oapi , but honestly , my dance card is already full .
well actually good old dad trudeau said that that once mp 's were a few feet away from parliament hill they were nobodies .
wonder what young trudeau thinks ?
@iamkoshiek the saddest thing about this is that this account became so popular because so many south african black people are still so desperate for the attention & approval of white people .
url
us lost 33 k jobs last month .
president barack obama held the record of longest streak of job creation ever .
it took donald trump just eight months to end that .
trump administration officials blame ex @whitehouse chief strategist stephen bannon for leaking tillerson “ moron ” comment .
sure , that explains everything .
devos defends trump : ' would a moron hire me ? '
like health care , trump 's plan for iran is to call for ending something that obama did and punt to congress with no possible replacement .
trump told hispanic crowd at the wh that “ you have ” a wonderful president in mexico .
does he think he ’s talking to mexican citizens ?
however i 'd need to pay 20 bucks for one year but 40 for anwhole fucking lifetime soooo i 'm gon na check with my mom to see if i can-- yeah
here are two articles that suggest a bannon / burke nexus : 
 http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/11/20/the-american-who-would-impeach-pope-francis-if-only-he-could.html 
 https://www.buzzfeed.com/lesterfeder/this-is-how-steve-bannon-sees-the-entire-world?utm_term=.ja3j7nd3n#.ie8dgmx7y 
 both articles refer to the same event -- a talk bannon gave in 2014 .
one is a description of the sponsoring group and burke 's relationship to it ; the other contains a transcript of bannon 's talk .
i am not suggesting that this is evidence of ongoing collaboration between bannon and burke .
i am merely suggesting that this is one occasion when their paths intersected .
whether that reflects a more sustained relationship , i do n't know .
but i would think a good investigative reporter might want to find out .
< user > i never said madge music all sounded the same my point was that stans especially white gays lack knowledge of r b its different subgenres as evident by the original tweet my point is stan twitter can bever see experimentation in r b bc y all do not know anything about it
send the free loaders back and make mexico 's rich pay for them !
instead of our people caring the fricken burden ! !
stop abusing americans you lousy dumb asses ! !
buch of liberal traders destoying our country .
amazon must refund up to $ 70 million to parents for in - app purchases made by kids https://t.co/2hlevyjadd
deport that communist criminal piece of sh^t(aoc ) along with the rest of the drugie freeloading welfare sucking illegals , they have turned their home into a sh^thole ... and now they hope to do that to the usa ...
< user > rodrigue i m disappointed in you son felix yeah fuck you too astra crits
kluna eating lego !
kluna tik nva dinner # 9| asmr eating sounds no talk
sounds like someone that is mentally ill .
i hope that inbred , mentally disturbed terrorist bitch goes to prison .
yeah , i said it .
url
p. t. barnum would have been proud .
the ignorant racist four ... cortez , omar , tlaib , presley are flashing now because of their youth ... they will eventually burn themselves out and disappear .
god please protect us in the meantime .
1,400 to get my wisdom removed got me fucked up & # 128581;&#127998;&#128581;&#127998 ;
i 'd be quite happy if religion disappeared - fucking bullshit .
damn straight , in fact mayor piercy and the liberal city councilors need to march right over to the jail and demand his release !
and if the evil sheriff wo n't comply , a candle light protest with drum circle and of course medical herb party favors should be the order of the mayor .
how dare , how dare the evil authorities jail anyone with a hispanic - sounding name in progressive sanctuary eugene .
here is the part i do not get sweden drove assange to the embassy because they wanted to pursue a rape prosecution against him yet they look the other way when their native women are savagely raped and brutalized by immigrant animals why
i might sound annoyed but i m actually super relieved that i will never have to hear anyone compare this to the holocaust or some other shit again
< user > < user > < user > are you white cause my spic ass ca nt be the white bitches he referencing
deport that million and come back and deport two more millions and etc etc ......
greeting fellow nationalist i and white avenger and i have joined this site to free our great contry of thecoloured invaders .
nice of you to ignore your denial of the anchorage daily news pulitzer to fall back on the old claim that state longevity has more value than facts .
you are apparently one of the voters who has installed and kept the republican dynasty in place for all of these years .
i 'll stick with adn for all - alaskan news , not just local municipalities .
europe is being invaded by moslem filth the usa by mexican parasites say what you want about the north korean regime but at least they know how to protect their borders
" ... all dis over ... " trying to set up a person under the guise of stealing a mailbox .
it goes so much deeper ...
which is not nearly as < number > gay or < number > fun as it sounds
keep shipping in the shitskins i say replace the brownies with white blonde africans who will farm for us make cali white and right again we tried this 3 rd world crap it ain t workin
molleda is a gay latino man .
if she fucked you she is interested .
talking to you for a few minutes means she sees you as another beta time whore for her in the periods between when she fucks her one of many chads through the week .
for such a queer campus berkeley undergrads was so heterosexually slow oh my god
bs .
it was a prearranged call set up by trump 's team .
lesson : you ca n't believe a single thing he tweets .
@castro4congress @billmillerbarbq @historicpearl this is the kind of shit the nazis were pulling on the jews in germany before they decided to , " take action and eliminate the problem " .
its straight out of the book .
little faggot
sall good i do the same anything form chicongo is usually black or wetback
i mean shit who is n't tired of these fucking spics contaminating na servers
@trista fravel well charles darwin would have loved to have met you .
the first real example of humanity devolving .
i really did n't believe people like you existed , how can we be the same species .
homosexuality has been around since the dawn of time , and you think you can find a cure for it .
trump and hilary are on a boat and it ’s sinking .
who lives ?
hilary because she is saved by the mexicans swimming over .
many reasons i just know when m billions of blax muzzeez la raza jews and christinas say they want to exterminate all white people and start doing it i believe them
i guess the police have a history with this person repeatedly losing their dogs or something ?
something bad has them very unhappy .
lol
you tried shannon , but you just could n't do it .
you have to put something in controversial just to get people fired up .
oh well ... you started out good .
i did n't really expect anything else .
i was just hoping for some neutral content .
how to pick up chicks how do you pick up a black chick ?
noose .
how do you pick up a mexican chick ?
border patrol .
how do you pick up a muslim chick ?
body bag .
how do you pick up a jewish chick ?
dustpan and brush .
how do you pick up white chicks ?
flunitrazepam .
it they were expert plane mechanics , they would n't have flown the second plane also .
it too crashed .
how do we know that these young pilots did n't make errors and due to inexperience , could n't recover from them ?
you are retarded and paranoid not woke < user > ‍ has met me in person he will tell you i am a dispatcher and not a fed dude you are hilarious
i feel like someone is sitting on my fucking chest
" if judicial decisions are not given their proper respect , the rule of law will break down . "
all of you whiny writers keep repeating this same , whiny accusation and it sounds just as stupid in the article as it does in every other article in which it appears .
here 's a newsflash for you ( in case you do n't understand how this works ): 

 that 's what a pardon is !
it is the executive branch exercising their oversight over what has become a vindictive , activist , completely out - of - control judicial branch .
if you live in a place where there are tons of illegal aliens , you are probably going to be put in a position where you are going to question someone 's immigration status because they are latino .
that is n't " profiling " .
that 's just plain , old common sense .
like it or not , being in this nation illegally is a crime and is no different than if you are " suspected " of driving under the influence and are pulled over for that .
thankfully , this witch hunt is now over ( and good for arpaio ) .
the truth is harsh lets not even pretend like this is not the story of every inner city ghetto latina
i now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and i could not belive what has happend in there .i think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .
an electric broom ?
why are all the minorities good at running ?
the slow ones end up in jail
deportations are underway oh the feels just remember when you are all cozy in your bed at night some poor beaner has to sleep with one eye open lest the right wing deportation squad extracts it from its hiding place ragnar ds
do nt fuck boys without rubbers duh
i never try and break up an argument between gay guys you never know when it may come to blows
am i missing something with the liberty university shirt ? ? (
edit : i just mean , is it a running joke or something ? )
preston manning 's credibility deflated very rapidly after it was revealed that his manning centre had hosted a workshop at which voter suppression techniques were discussed .
couple that with the advice he apparently gave to danielle smith of wildrose in ab and it 's difficult to see any credibility at all remaining .
which begs the question :   why does the g&m continue to publish him ?
you are not even white ya fucking kike suck that fuentes spic dick more fake ass kike moonman
could you even imagine how many crimes there are that these mexican invaders have covered up by the kike media i can not even begin to theoretically comprehend how bad it is
i just can not trust nobody that on some my aesthetic is preferred you are aesthetic is considered disgusting but promise i am just tryna help she needa be exiled faux niggers
i want to try edible slime and edible hairbrushes and edible iphones and edible shoes and
i think they 're not white and do nt belong in white nations .
< user > hopefully global warming will just kill all humans and then the earth can move on from this relationship
watch out motherfucker i 'll trans your gender
< user > am quoting you indian specially hindus live work earn there fact they have entered that muslim dominated country legally working there legally amit shah is talking about illegal immigrants shame on you for spreading misinformation which can cause hatred sick
i am such a shady hoe omg
before the " hate native people " hecklers and kkk wannabes come out , let me remind them they have no axes to grind for themselves .
see the following .
from lisa bloom . "
in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
fuck ass nigga
lemon juice brain is an abomination - embarrassment to all real journalists , gays and anyone with an once of integrity .
shame on him
this is a temporary solution .
the real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
mean joke .
< repeat > kinda the us president , the mexican president , and the japanese prime minister are on a plane .
it begins to lose altitude due to all its cargo .
the three men decide to throw things they do n't need .
the japanese prime minister throws off all of the sushi and says , " we have too much of these in our country " .
the mexican president throws all of the churros off the plane and says , " we have too many of these in our country " .
next , the us president picks up the mexican president and chucks him off the plane and says , " we have too many of these in our country " .
> the death of the children was a terrible thing , but it was a last resort , ( after 9 much less lethal atemps , ) in freeing an enslaved people group .
how on earth is * that * the last resort ?
just turn all the egyptians weapons into twigs and tell moses to lead the people out .
and the death of those kids did n't actually stop the pharoah from ordering his men to chase after the hebrews .
god still had to flood their army .
it does n't really seem to have been very useful at all .
not nearly as useful as just breaking their weapons would have been .
i ’ ll turn a dyke into a bike
+ jessica n i do n't think you are a fit to be a parent , if you get pregnant you should abort your child .
my mother literally gets off on my suffering 
 whenever i 'm unhappy she 's happy , whenever i 'm happy she 's insufferable .
please do not hurt those fine masons first they have to hand over the maps on the locations of the cupped oil wells .
have i said anything to bash the chinks lately 🤔 seems like a week since i really cussed out a chink or made a mean meme about chinks i ve been so busy bashing those greasy illegal alien spics that those sneaky chinks somehow avoided my attention like little sneaky faggit ninjas 😡 🖕 🇯 🇵
there can been a sharp increase in black on black violence mostly due to the increased ten suicide rates ..
what is the distance between these tweets and explicit calls for violence
substitute " transgender " with jews , blacks , asians , muslims , hispanics , women or any other minority in mr. smiths editorial and you get the underlying fear , intolerance and hatred of anybody other than white males in the service .
< user > < user > get a load of this retard
all time = starting five 

 of course crosby is in the top 100 , or 50 

 by the time he is done , possibly top 10 or 20 

 but i doubt he will ever be top 5 .
not just set to become the biggest economy , we are constantly told china is poised to be the new world leader .
what was that saying ?
with great power comes great responsibility ?
status quo should not be sending money to foreign countries‼️ they should earn our support‼️ get the world off u.s. welfare‼️ @realdonaldtrump
again missing the point .
how does that invalidate the starfish prime and project k experiments ?
what they did and what they saw are on record .
it they were expert plane mechanics , they would n't have flown the second plane also .
it too crashed .
how do we know that these young pilots did n't make errors and due to inexperience , could n't recover from them ?
stopped taking ssri medication yesterday 
 jerked off 6 times in a row
racial profiling , disgusting tbh
i bet overtly was invented by jews 🖕 😡 🖕
is there anything like this on the market today ?
no latino , trump says : " bigly " not " big league . "
what an absolute idiot .
this moron running for president ca n't even understand correct usage of common words .
mulcair the best - performing ndp leader ever ?
i 'd give that to the party 's founding leader tommy douglas - by a million miles ( before kilometres ) .
i think donald j trump should offer a resettlement program to all eu nationals who are not happy with the current immigration policies of it leaders that way trump gets immigrants who are nearly perfectly aligned with usa values education and european expats can feel better at ease
ind wv saw south africa women won the toss and decided to bowl first
throw in a couple of innocent american lives those who die from their violence and you got a price that is wat too high for us to pay deport
i may not be the target market but i love brown skin girls .
i think we all need to be affirmed in some way - it 's okay that the song was n't written for lighter brown skin .
i want to play it for my baby cousins .
i will smile every time i see brown girls singing and dancing to it
the only thing holding us back are our traitors and the 40billion anti - european people of the earth that flourished on our technology .
honestly i was very much transphobic and just otherwise bigoted for almost all of 2016 because i got scared of questioning my gender and it took until earlier this year to realize i m a girl .
i think a lot of trans people are in the same boat as u and its healthy to acknowledge this
" we hate niggers , we hate faggots and we hate spics"-kkk rally
@thomasjtobin1 and the catholic church said quit killing 25,000 people a day because they say condoms are bad and if you use one you 'll go to hell .
you guys are sick disgusting people and caused more deaths than any wars .
+ ross ion coyle the swing at minorities is his entire point
i am very sure mainlanders are getting a true image of hongkongers especially after being kicked out each time they went over to do some shopping .
very graceful hongkongers indeed .
females can be so pretty amp kill it by tryn too hard to be “ ghetto ” n “ hood ” when they really squares its a shame 🤦 ‍ ♀ ️
austin councilman calls on texans to resist agenda of hate targeting immigrants and latinos
oh this yellow bitch shame
it sounds like they came out about their gender , not sexuality !
i would 've just wished for the most support .
i wish it was normalized .
i wish no one asked me invasive questions .
it sounds like you 're doing great so far .
<3
wea df all you saints fans come from 😒 go back to yo faggot ass cowbitches saints won 🤪 🤪 ⚜ ️ ⚜ ️ ⚜ ️ like bitch who are you 😭
t r u m p the zionist jew traitor who wants your white children raped by hordes of daca beaner filth the majority of crimes by daca recipients include alien smuggling
bitches be doing too much be cool hoe
# jordan : officials have waived work permit requirements for non - citizen children of jordanian mothers .
read more here : url # globalmobility # immigration # humanresources url
preachers preach to women to control the men this is the way the devil operates and he is running your church
two elite greek ruling families taking turns looting greece , in conjunction with hidden high interest loans , arranged by goldman sachs , are what created the majority of the debt .
what is a joke , is that all the eu rescue cash is immediately shipped back out of the country making foreign loans whole .
bankster welfare .
why you cucked racemixer you have low iq and brainwashed brain by jews to have a low iq mexican wife what wrong with you nehlen
you need to come back when you have it all done .
" i think the point that you 're missing , richard , is that a number of us think that based on their original intent and placement ( i.e. , assertions of white supremacy before public institutions like courthouses ) , these statues constitute hate speech . " -
mmackinnon 

 oh my .
that 's quite an indictment .
let 's deal with it one step at a time .
you and i might think we know why , a hundred years ago , people erected a monument .
and probably neither of us will be correct in every case .
civic decisions , like erecting a statue to honour someone , are made out of an amalgam of deeply personal feelings .
so who are we , in the distant future , to judge what those feelings were ?
as for your belief that a statue ( to whomever ) constitutes hate speech , you get no sympathy from me .
that notion is wrong on multiple levels .
there is n't enough room here to speak to them all .
i can not go to a restaurant amp eat a burger that ’ ghetto
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves .
omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so .
then lock this worthless piece of shit up .
prepare for the " precious bodily fluids " rampage from the koch brothers brother from another mother .
" we 'll meet again , do n't know where , do n't know when , but i know we 'll meet again , some sunny day ... "
fair .
counter point : he made multiple user accounts with his information in the name .
he put his information out there for us to use .
first state in the us to protect trans people from discrimination in employment / housing !
i was kinda proud to learn that factoid .
1993 .
i 'll never stop though .
it 's not racist if they literally are an inferior species
what these femanazis fail to realize is that president trump has hired and cut paychecks to more women blacks latinos gays lesbians transgenders and muslims than all previous presidents combined .
so we 're saving the poor , huddled masses by graciously allowing them to mow our lawns ?
as an american of hispanic descent ( with a college degree and a career path that pays upwards of $ 90k per year ) i find that condescending and insulting .
i 'm sure it warms the cockles of your heart to feel like you have helped the poor mexican immigrant , but mow your own damn lawn .
try el paso texas soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing / crossing in it .. year round !
a shaming campaign for homeowners who use beaner labor is in order
that shit does nt even make sense so yes for wetback lmao
can someone explain to me why people why people like queer eye for the straight guy it seems to me that it perpetuates negative stereotypes about gay men and straight men
my grandpa survived the holocaust .
lucky fella , the russians never found him
you are 100 % correct .
in japan there are no 3rd world mexicans or negros and in england , germany and canada the people live as peasants in a multicultural cesspool .
his name is dewayne craddock .
40 years old .
african american .
< user > < user > you certainly do not know the meaning of refugee do not you no one is targeting indian muslim or asking them to move law is targeted against illegals muslim i do not know you are idiot or ignorant who can not differentiate things
they also both have collectively made millions without ever once having read a book .
i do not know why you want mexicans out but to me it has nothing to do with crime i want asians out too and they do less crime than whites this is simply a matter of having a homeland
it is unconscionable that our regulatory bodies are so transparently in bed with corporate interests , and that they think we wo n't notice .
good i 'd rather have all of em dead in a pile first rather than to let them into the great usa .
get the fuck out of my country you law breaking human bags of shit .
< user > no its gay
what a racist administration !
so hispanics , philippinos , blacks , indians , and poor old whitey will not get the jobs on federal land , but they will get to pay for the natives hired by the feds to do the so called " work " .
racial discrimination pure and simple fostered by the obama administration .
this is proof enough we can not allow clinton to take the presidency .
she will be obama on steroids .
i 'm so done with life this week just fucking get be a bottle of bevy
pride month serves as a reminder of the obstacles those in the lgbtq have faced , and may continue to face .
it creates a sense of unity .
the federal reserve just indicated that they will be raising rates next month , so get ready for a $ 0.50 loonie .
no actually i gather my data from the growing body of both research and legal work coming from this and other cases of pfoa contamination around the country .
and no 70 ppt is not really considered safe to drink long term that was the limit set by the us epa but that limit will most likely be lowered to somewhere in there area of 20 ppt in the near future .
i hope the rest of the team whidbey is as bright thoughtful and full of facts as you are i   really ca n't wait to get you on the stand and depose you ...... have a great weekend .
we take mosque hit and runs very seriously but if you are a muslim migrant and plow into a load of pedestrians we will do our best to rule it an accident
what did he mean by this < number > days before a spic does a shooting
why do n't you confront me with your asinine accusations , directly to my face ?
my real name is at the top of my posts , my name is in the phone book .
if you 're going to slime me , why do n't you get together with motley and latinos for trump , and i 'll meet you at any public accommodation to talk our differences over ?
real names , of course .
how about it , dogs ?
but , i suspect that you and latinos prefer to hide behind anonymity when you sling your slime .
where are the human rights activists to arise the issue of innocent children massacre in syria & amp ; iraq .
waiting to get permission.&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128557 ;
nobody should have the right to hide their identity in public from their fellow citizens .
jason donner‏ : 

 fbi deputy director andrew mccabe has now been meeting with the house intel committee behind closed doors for more than seven hours .
they did report on the clusterpup of a city hall fiasco ... repeatedly .
the park issue was covered in one story but that is just one of many city of eugene small ( < $ 1 m ) kokups .
as a canadian i can only hope that the good old us of a cancels nafta .
when mulroney and reagan set it up , i thought , oh good !
i will be able to buy things on one side of the border or the other for the same price .
they will get a minimum wage in all the states !
health care will become pan - north american .
instead it has been a simple ploy to allow multinationals to move their businesses to cheap labour locations .
can you say caterpillar moving from canada to mexico ?
i knew you could .
and we give american access to our oil , electricity and water .
please , please cancel this mess .
it will be so good for canada and trump lacks the intellectual horsepower to realize it .
nafta has done so much damage to canada , if donald gets rid of it i might even vote for him , if i could .
these are the religious extremists who control the us government .
senate , white house , supreme court and a number of legislatures across the us .
it 's nutty , we should not put up with it .
what a fucking idiot .
beyond ready for god to burn this bitch down .
url
the alleged perps are white , black , hispanic .
their legal statuses were n't discussed .
would you feel more superior if they were illegal ?
we had a day with immigrants mexicans literally nothing what about days without other groups a day w o asians car accidents fall to all time low math left unsolved
if you do n't speak english you are a illegal imigrant .
i will have police at farms , landscaping business , , construction jobs any where most illegal imigrant work .
no welfare for you .
trump need to tell them we did n't you to our party !
we got plenty good workers .
i seriously hate waiting in line at the grocery store and the fucking register breaks .... fml there 's like five people behind me
yea cuz no reason for us hard work tax payers have to pay for this stupid infestation invasion on america
and you forgot to add white .
which is why you do n't believe his neighbors , because they are hispanic .
nothing coincidental that he murdered 3 hispanics .
move along now .
hate crime pure and simple .
most people would n't know what they are looking at , in terms of quality and wear .
" where the population is majority latino , black and democrat mr. trump has been slow acting , ... " 
 was he slow acting ?
houston area and harris county is heavily democrat and went for hillary .
when you guys come up with a lie , at least make it a more believable one , not some pathetic race baiting rant .
illegals should be deported if they are caught again in the usa after they been deported they should be fucking executed
also bi and i see your point , and while i agree those kind of out and proud prides were important back when it was considered a fringe issue , but i feel like now it 's becoming a matter of self - segregation which will only hurt lgbt people in the long run imo .
@moh_alhouthi mohammed ali al - houthi : the uae 's message from iran is a positive message
where can one get this image in full resolution its the perfect emoji to use when a leftist retard says something ludicrous all the time that you can not get enough of go on amuse me more < user >
i love those expressions , i m latino tho
so am i , i 'll let them sit there for days before i reply , even if i ' m hanging out here .
rt @ceoo_97 : & # 8220;@posltlvevlbe : a loyal girl truly does come with a smart mouth & amp ; arguments , only a hoe will let you do as you please cause she&#8230 ;
fatcel 
 hypothetically if a fatcel becomes a chad after losing weight , what can they do to support their incel brothers ?
ee : indeed , " racism " is not a crime ... it is not illegal .
when it becomes manifested in actions which discriminate   or cause others to fear for their personal safety , it may , indeed , " become " a crime .
we saw millions of racists come " out from the shadows " when president obama was elected .
suddenly , it because " fashionable " to post racist comments on the internet ... entire websites were created just for such posts .... indeed , it is protected " free speech . "
disgusting , deplorable , dispicable perhaps , but certainly protected free speech .
sure , it 's legal for folks to wear ' blackface " and mock africanamericans .
sure , it 's legal for kids to tell latino kids " hey , get ready to be deported" ... "hey , pack your bag . "
indeed , with the election of donald trump and with the racist and xenophobic comments he made during his campaign , we will now see increased " license " to emulate those comments .
racism is " alive and well " in america today .
i find that very , very sad ...... gary crum
i see the political discourse on this page has not yet hit bottom .
but you are getting close .
once again you seem to attribute to me the antithesis of what i 'm actually laying down here .
i 'm against wrongful invasions .
the us intervening is like a rapist providing psychotherapy to their victims .
it 's sick .
because it is so clearly and profoundly disturbed , what can you even say ?
that exactly is a big part of why we need the un to put our wrongful excesses into an inescapable cage for the world 's own safety and for the long - term survival of civilization itself .
i will be hopeful and righteous no matter how many people prefer to jump off the bridge or drink the poison kool - aid .
one can only hope their self - destruction makes room for a new enlightened age of american thought and spirit .
let us now rise together like a transcendental phoenix .
my mexican friend just rented a studio apartment .
i gave him a thousand dollars as a house warming gift .
i figure that will cover the key copying bill .
> had to remove residents to make billions .
wow , so trump really is america .
< user > < user > i am < number > hoe 😭 😭 😭 go cry ur white tears somewhere else
# wetbacks and # dreamers sending too much money to # mexico 
 cash remittances to # mexico set $ 26b record in 2017 …
it would be refreshing if the globe would stop rewriting stories and changing headlines hours and hours after the article is published .
i 'm not talking about correcting errors but adding significant content or completely different headlines like : 
 top mountie calls for review of recent sexual assaults 
 morphing into 
 public safety ministers to develop national strategy for sex - assault cases 
 come one now , we know 1984 is here but really ....
bitch i 'm michael jackson dangerous , i got yes julz in my bracelet .
not a big thing he let it continue congress already appropriated money several years ago he can manipulate existing funds to create more money if needed and just because some wetback applies for a visa dies not mean he should get it play hardball gop has the votes
< user > < user > fake news retard
every white redneck should already know this by now because i herald it everywhere i can .
and all should acknowledge that white men are not kings of the hill .
any hill .
so kindly stop slamming alaska natives every chance you get .
studies , research , law enforcement statistics , the fbi crime stats , state and federal crime stats , ad infinitum , say thus : white men commit the most heinous crimes across the country ; white men are at the top of the list as serial killers ; white men are at the top of the list as child sex predators and killers ; white men make up 85 - percent of child sex tourists in latin america .
any questions ?
muslims ?
check .
jews ?
check .
blacks ?
check , check , check .
hispanics ?
check .
wonder what he has in store for asians ?
then , polynesians ?
i grew up in georgia , and i now live in greeley ... i see a lot of morons waving that flag up here .
people who obviously are using it to make a statement about their beliefs on race .. i see a lot of intimidation of brown folks here .
the last cinco de mayo i saw a big jacked up truck with giant trump and confederate flags attached to the bed , with a couple young guys inside .
they were yelling stuff at a latino family at   an intersection , and when the light turned green they took off in a big cloud of black diesel exhaust .
it reminded me of my youth in ga .
i was pretty appalled .
by now i 've lived in colorado most of my life , and i 'd never seen anything like this here .
it was very disappointing .
the lack of widespread racism is one of the things that made me appreciate colorado .
not everyone in weld county is a wack job secessionist , tea party nut , or a racist troglodyte , but stuff like this does n't help the county image and in the long run hurts our community on an number of fronts .
i completely relate to you , for me i was in denial because i always thought that i 'd be down with being a guy but i 'd prefer to be a girl , but as time went on i realized that the preference was n't preference it was a necessity for me .
even though i 'm okay with being a guy i 'd be really sad now that 's dysphoria in many aspects but that alone being a preference is pretty much dysphoria in itself , it may not be as big as other forms but preferring in my eyes is dysphoric in a way , does that make sense ?
diversity is our strength
this 5 year old boy is probably going to need some counseling after this incident , and the sooner the better ... having his mother in prison is n't a good start , and being tortured as well is n't going to help him have a stable life .
i wanna be fucked !
find my name here https://t.co/7ex2yjua9 g https://t.co/kzuswse5oa
would not it be funny if american black and mexicans were going around beating the crap out of muslim arabs the liberal media would flat lose their shit
past abuses were   an integral part of history and civilization .
when cultures clash , there are bound to be injustice or worst .
should the italians be forever tainted because of slavery during pax romanica ?
should white people be forever    condemned because of colonialism and racism ?
heck , no !
europeans 
 practiced   genocide in latin america and 90 %   of the natives   were gone , but the latin legacy , culture and languages now flourish   like never before !
current year game of clue < number > obama champion of change winner killed gay wetback couple or gay married hispanics at fl college with a < number > day old bridge memewar < user > ‍ would you make a current year game of clue shirt
french start backing marine for french president as she says she will stop islam take france out of eu poll lead jump
funny how you say you miss me and want something but you still do n't make an effort .
sorry but i do n't have time for that ...
fembot tlgbt function - eliminate all alpha males and induce soy consumption .
why would i beef with a broke nigga ?
that make me broke for beefing with your broke ass 🤔
" you excel in the work place " " be humble " " and be glad you have a job .
you look like 2 snaps & amp ; a shake when you out " " be humble " " it 's the makeup "
a double digit drop in home prices along with a decline in the loonie 's value is just like declaring open season on vancouver housing for foreign buyers .
this scenario will neutralize the effects of the 15 % foreign buyers tax .
the boc should try head off this scenario by starting to raise rates
do you always eat lunch on the roof , senpai ?
i - i’d love to join you but i ’m not very good with heights … m - maybe another time ?
if sony really had a stake in persona , arena would 've been ps3 exclusive and persona q would 've been on vita at the very least , if not ps3
after finding out ariel is black , i half expected a hispanic mulan .
i also want to deep throat u and swallow ur load .
want to feel ur hot jizz shoot onto the back of my throat as u force my head balls deep down on ur cock .
i want to feel ur shaft pumping a full load into me .
🤤 🤪
there really is an international conspiracy to turn all white countries into non white countries they are increasingly open about it the neo nazi conspiracy theorists were not paranoid they were right all along
trump 's presidency is a failure .
he has n't been able to make a deal on any legislation other than renaming post offices .
he 's a tin pot dictator wannabe , who is now threatening his political opponents .
he needs to be impeached or removed from office by other means .
he 's also lying ( of course ) about owning the hotel in waikiki .
he can not ever be truthful about anything .
the trump international hotel & tower website said the waikiki property is not " owned , developed or sold by donald j. trump , the trump organization or any of their affiliates . "
< user > no its gay
what a nice feeling to be in love with god .
no pain .
no heartache .
no disappointment .
just blessings and non stop joy .
construct bread and circuses ghettoes for white men to crowd into football and video games to keep them from being political but then attack the circuses with politics
education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - jews , non - whites and liberal women run and ruin everything .
now it 's my fucking friend , i hope he does n't spoiler me the serie , but everybody knows the end&#128514 ; .
ah yes let the oha wax eloquent regarding " addressing social determinants " whilst devoting its vast financial resources to ... wait for it ... increasing its riches .
.
comical indeed that the blame is laid at the door of the long dead inouye and managing what amounts to theme park .
.
to compound the tragedy the educational system focuses upon promulgating a mythical culture whist the people who created the culture suffer needlessly from a myriad of easily addressable ills .
.
in reality the plantation system lives on .
the only change is that the anglo - saxon names of the overseers have been replaced with " local " monikers .
i also want to deep throat u and swallow ur load .
want to feel ur hot jizz shoot onto the back of my throat as u force my head balls deep down on ur cock .
i want to feel ur shaft pumping a full load into me .
🤤 🤪
meanwhile we 're trying to liberate the middle east and venezuela a bunch of horseshit
@anjumkiani @rausichy @officialdgispr what they did ?
torture .
yes , they tortured the population of east pakistan .
nd now about feb 2019 and after that .
i heard that ik has asked to cut down on number of rotis .
am i right ?
what do you call a mexican in an airplane a ufo
i am a white nationalist of a christian faith but still am a white nationalist for racial survival the anti racist christians are the true chirstians ememy
< user > i fucking hate you come home tho
an idea to consider might be not engaging with her .
photos : gunmen kidnap wife of edo state oil and gas commission chairman https://t.co/maqasvzzok https://t.co/xfdiwd5i0p
voat marvel made miss america into a queer spic with lesbian parents
another braindead mexican making excuses because he sucks at the game .
wow , insulting anericans is cool and all but say one word about mexicans and you re immediately a racist .
shut the fuck up mexicano and play another game
what i want to know is if these sweeps are limited solely to latino persons or if they are going after other ethnic groups as well ?
what about poles in chicago ?
asians in seattle ?
every other ethnic group in new york ?
" and not a mention of decades of far - left faculties and administrations propagating far - left , post - modernist theory that has given rise to far - left extremist groups against which this is a natural reaction . "
.
most respectable media do not report on things that you made up in your head .
orphans if you are ever bored , punch an orphan .
what are they gon na do ?
tell their parents ?
how many puerto ricans does it take to change a light bulb ?
guess we 'll find out in 6 months
why was johnny sad because he had a frog stapled to his face
nothin in da - rules about busting a fat nut in your thicc mom ! #
nsfw url
why ca n't someone be found to step up and send her packing .
hope they keep getting hit fuck spics what has any spic or spook nation ever contributed to america besides leeches criminals and drugs
shit like this is what leads to civil war cuomo and his pedo son along with the rest of the muzzie lovers need to wake the fuck up
hi , i am just looking for whitepride men in the western canada area particularly bc just to talk to hangout or whatever .
we spent too much time and effort worrying about blacks while the asians and hispanics , were the ones carrying the ball .
and we are now on the precipice of another fucking retarded war that even more insane and again based on questionably flimsy of evidence
4:26 oohhh , you think ur mom is strict ?
you should see my african - american mom .
and while you 're at it go see a latina mom , a arabic mom , and a asian mom .
the most your mom can probably do is take away your phone a ground you for a day .
my mom will get yer tennis shoe and use it as a weapon ! (
it 's a joke 😂 but seriously immigrant parents are wayyy to harsh .
i 'm not joking about the shoe thing lol )
racist cunts like this should be killed , regardless of who they are or what race they are .
do n't like that hard truth ?
go fuck yourself .
same with the spineless little cunt mods that 'll ban me for speaking it .
friggin ' awesome .
sounds like a smart guy .
hopefully the " stupid " of the racists did n't rub off on him .
racism is an excuse of one 's own weaknesses .
grow a pair .
my ex 's nephew ( ex - cop , mexican ) accidentally included me ( wasp ) in a group email where he was spouting off america should deport all muslims .
i replied ( to all ) heck yeah , and next we should start sending all of the mexicans back to mexico .
he did n't like that too much ... lol ...
we all better hope texas mom and florida man do n't get together and make babies ...
if only there were a president with the balls to deport this spic idiot
what did he mean by this < number > days before a spic does a shooting
rt @mrstories : i ca n't wait to see the new planet of the apes .
april the giraffe is going to call us all fools when she gives birth at midnight for april fools day & # 128514 ;
the oil field in the lower 48 is already recovering   - why do you think it will not in alaska ?
< user > listen i don ’ t lie but yeah yeah i don ’ t hate you just strongly dislike you at times
deport 'em all , and build the wall .
fuck you all faggot ass niggas
.@slutwalkto @filotto @thegags29 @bowtie_guy14 @mylostgadget @justlaurenb @lostsailorny you support the slut shaming of # nomorepage3 ?
odd ...
i live in california and the only school race riots i hear about are blacks vs. mexicans during cinco de mayo lol .
idk gpaw if we have to suffer the presence of shitskins i d much rather they were raised by a bunch of faggots than by the animals that birthed them or god forbid these disgusting white christian cucks ya know
she 's not a chair"man . "
you got ta be kidding .
trump a christian , nope , he is the devil , he hates blacks , hispanics , muslims , gays , asians , etc .
brown people should live in pre - history shit hole codition forever so whitie can enjoy their rich fulfill live .
/s
the amount of lesbians i know that live on dykes road is so fucking funny the joke literally writes itself dude
i 'm all for equality .
so fuck black people .
and fuck hispanic people .
and fuck muslims too .
and asians .
and indians .
and jews for that matter , fuck them .
and fuck this fat fuck in particular .
morning faggots and men sexualsundays letshavesex findom double dd100 cashfagsuk01 kik sessions < user > findom
i went from having 0 assignments in a class last week to 4 assignments including a 10 page paper this week ... why do professors do this ? ! ?
@graham_goulden people do things they think they will get away with .
currently in america racism at all levels is on that list .
apparently they thought this was okay because the rope was tied to handcuffs and not his wrists !
what an incredible xenophobic , intolerant bigot you 've demonstrated yourself to be .
why do you automatically assume someone with dark skin and a latin surname is illegal and afraid of going to authorities .
you are obviously the the human that you 're warning us about .
i 've tried to get her to fuck someone else but she wo n't
bro the deal with dprk is going forward and so is the investigation on hillary this is why the media is flooded with videos of crying beaner kids
what is the distance between these tweets and explicit calls for violence
" and concern over the possibility of renewed sanctions by the u.s. against iraq " : i suppose g&m meant iran ...
trans people do n't need hrt to be seen as valid to others , we need it to feel comfortable in our own bodies regardless of what others think of us .
< number > < number > the escalating violence practiced by russian forces has had the largest impact in terms of exodus and forced displacement as russian attacks in parallel with the attacks carried out by the syrian iranian alliance have resulted
" pepsi had to pull there latest ad because treating police officers like human beings is " " racist " " ?
smh "
" yesterday he was like " " obviously i thought you were cute why do you think i was always so flirty with you " " hehe & lt;3 "
crap like that is all so common these days .
saudi decision to allow women above 21 to travel without male guardian permission becomes official after amendments to travel documents and civil status regulations are published in the government gazette friday url
yup those trees are possibly what causing the wildfires when it not arson even australia regrets having sold them to the us and by arson i mean caused by a moslem or a mexican cartel stooge which is likely what been happening cc < user >
numbersusa : 

 " roy beck , the executive director of numbersusa , which pushes for reducing immigration , said the deal that mr. trump envisioned , like previous grants of amnesty , would bolster both illegal and legal immigration levels , flooding the american labor market .

average white iq < number > average asian iq < number > average african iq < number > nigger they are of inferior stock as they would say in the old days why you would mix with a spic unless this is some kind of pillaging operation is beyond me
hey , i have a folkwear pattern for that style of shirt which i ' ve been meaning to make .
rt @redbone9922 : these hoes ai n't loyal & # 128588 ;
the heart attack mv has more respectful lesbian representation than half of the most popular lesbian films
remind the so called globalists of those other genocides holocaust done in the name of communism should make it impossible to use the holocaust for political reasons
the spanish are disabled ... mentally disabled .
such trash .
why white people used to say that sex was a sin used to be a mystery to me until i saw the children of browns and mixed race children popping up all around me .
botched or not by the conservatives ... it is too late for the past to become present .let the proper competent people handle kxl hopefully successfully .
alberta needs to sell this natural resource somewhere and the usa want it .
with those who 're sincere and genuine racial nationalists that 's usually the best .
are you saying hispanic people are too stupid to drop a weapon when approaching cops ?
seems kind of racist in my opinion .
seek help my dear friend , i 'm sorry for whatever in life made you this way to be so dedicated to sucking a rapist 's dick .
your whore mother should 've disowned you years ago .
in 2011 the justice department accused arpaio of profiling latinos and tried unsuccessfully to reach a settlement .
whe arpaio did n't cooperate , justice filed a lawsuit in 2012 .
in 2013 a federal judge ruled that arpaio had consistently violate the constitutional rights of latinos , and put a monitor on the sheriff 's activities .
in 2014 the same judge said his order had been mocked .
in 2016 , the same judge referred the case to criminal prosecution , and arpaio , defeated for reelection , was found guilty of criminal intent .
trump immediately pardoned arpaio in a signal to trump 's racist base .
previously , in 2007 , arpaio arrested two phoenix newspaper owners in their homes after they published an article truthfully reporting on a county subpoena issued to seize the newspaper readers ' internet browsing records .
the newspaper sued and won a judgement against the county of millions of dollars .
and here you are , still trash - talking obama .
do n't you have a brain ?
life too short to be getting played by 🍤 dick niggas
< user > it ’ black refugees speaking at the protest themselves and addressing their issues
the atlanta airport   blackout was because lines were cut .
its a fascist theolgical autocracy .
no one gives a shit about reproduction , they re probably gearing up to annex hawaii and alaska in a few years , then invade mexico , then canada .
they do nt even try to clean topsoil in the colonies efficiently , they re like the nazis and ca nt even use slave labor effectively .
if they need more people / slavew they ll probably take the easy path and start kidnapping them from their neighbors .
no i m a trans girl who does n't want my shoulders to broaden so i cna pass easier
say hello to me like just say hello or what 's up just please fucking say something
what about a situation where i 'm at a public shooting range and another shooter admires my custom made gun so i offer her a chance to fire it while i go to the bathroom ?
there is no intent to commit a crime but she 'd be in possession of a firearm for which she is not licensed .
what about temporary storage of firearms by a friend , necessitated by an emotionally unstable individual who lives in a home with someone who keeps firearms for which he or she is licensed ?
how would you account for instances such as what i describe ?
as to common sense being the best thing , the problem with that is what 's common sense to you may not be common sense to others .
can ’ t help wondering if his friend had been raped by a white guy would he have gone out for a week looking to provoke and kill white guys
@jrubinblogger thousands of usa innocent lives are taken every year as a result of this lawless chaos .
it must end now !
build the wall ... stop usa invasion .
we have enought rats from the 3rd world already here .
we need usa back the way was before .
these are killers coming to destroy america .
thou hast also given me the shield of thy salvation : and thy right hand hath holden me up , and thy gentlen …… https://t.co/jgcgimdkk5
great , i did nt knew you guys opened this thread their accent will be super funny for you , but this belgrade band is singing some of the most famous irish and celtic songs .
what did the little girl and her dog say to the blond man with the metal arm ?
eedd ..... waaaarrdddd
speaking as a brit , who is planning to visit anchorage in 2018 for the rondy .
here is my 2 cents : the exchange rate is getting better and better for americans , with brexit the pound has been dropping like stone to $ 1.20 to £ 1 .
secondly , heathrow is pricey because the landing fees for the airport is high as it is the principle airport for london .
while gatwick is cheaper as fewer airlines go there , plus the local versions of say spirit or frontier fly from there .
although one should be aware that the departure tax for any long - haul flight out of the airport is around $ 100 , so one should plan for that when flying back .
lipstick .
< user > girl i use my email for anything important cause that shit too ghetto 😂 😭
do we know what caused this ?
they / we were n't duped .
trump voters still support him by overwhelming margins .
we do n't need lectures from cosmopolitan liberal elites masquerading as the working class to tell us who has our best interests at heart .
the more i read about dumb violent things do , like beating up two women bc they would n't kiss for them .. the gayer i become # pride2019
it 's easier to draw now that i 'm doing it every day .
not all are great , some are stick figures , but damn it feels good .
far left and far right will eventually embrace violence and mutually destroy one another possibly leaving the path clear for a truly sustainable egalitarian society you are all being played so goddamn hard it hilarious
i can't decide if i want the green and blue or the pink and yellow gore shirt ahhh @rosamarilynee help
the whole mistreated , victim crap is getting old .
these people should not be coming into our country illegally .
the children that have died are a direct result of their parents breaking american laws .
people talk about equal rights for men and women but they forget that white women still have more rights than black men , it 's a much deeper conversation that people seem to forget while white women are fighting for equal payment , black women are still fighting for an education url
mel , have you been sniffing glue again .
aw did i trigger you with the spic comment i am so sorry report me to the gab authorities little girl
plastic surgery is the only way out , everything else is cope 
 rip poorcels .
red pill about to surpass mens rights in subscribers 
 what do you think about this ?
we are imigrantes because we 're not a native american
bringing an overt political statement into court is not whimsey .
it sucks when you wanna show off a dude but you do n't wanna look stupid bc you know he 's talking to other girls
normies who say we have no morals practice adultery , fornication , and abortion .
tell senor spic fuentes that he should send better ppl you are pathetic my dude
but paul nehlen criticized jews tho
now would not that be a hilarious turn of events maybe even immigrants wanting to leave since their welfare slaves are not working at the fields
so , according to you , what is the point of christian initiation , by which , according to paul we become the body of christ ?
is it not thanks to this presence of christ in his body the church , that we have the presence of christ in the eucharist ?
( p.s. i took the trouble to check out your ccc references ... i bet you did n't bother to check out my reference to augustine 's sermon 272 )
one of the hardest things to find in america is a doctor who is not a nigger sand nigger dot head spic or chink
where it not for the hippies great lie of equality , racial pride of any sort would have never come into being .
135 billion dollars a year due to illegal aliens ..... no more immigration ..... period .... we are full !
hey !
white girl !
i love you !
you are beautiful !
i heard republicans were barricaded inside polling stations with orders to shoot to kill any black , hispanic , poor   or elderly person who looked like a democrat who tried to vote .
only white republicans waving the confederate flag   were allowed in to vote .
that is what this story is all about . .
yup .
osha also took on the passive smoking fraud and this is what came of it : 


 reference manual on scientific evidence : third edition 



  this sorta says it all 

  these limits generally are based on assessments of health risk and calculations of concentrations that are associated with what the regulators believe to be negligibly small risks .
the calculations are made after first identifying the total dose of a chemical that is safe ( poses a negligible risk ) and then determining the concentration of that chemical in the medium of concern that should not be exceeded if exposed individuals ( typically those at the high end of media contact ) are not to incur a dose greater than the safe one .
so osha standards are what is the guideline for what is acceptable '' safe levels ''
stop making excuses for niggers niggers are always going to be niggers i do not argue with racists b c they are right you want to see some racist people go find a white neighborhood where the black invade to commit crimes
lil wayne & baby are the only real men from ymcmb that actually held nicki minaj down during everything that happened over the past 2 years !
url
< user > < user > you ’ re a disgrace and a nazi
your spelling and grammar speak volumes .
president trump on why he ran for president i saw what was happening to our country and it wasn t good i took this job on behalf of the forgotten men and women of our country but guess what they are forgotten no more
wakefield was found guilty of gross professional misconduct , including multiple counts of falsifying data , omitting data , accepting covert payments , and dishonestly and irresponsibly failing to disclose pertinent study information .
consequently , wakefield was the subject of a ' fitness to practice ' hearing of the uk general medical council which examined three dozen charges proved ( including multiple counts of falsifying data ) .
as a result of a finding of guilt   he was ' struck off ' the medical register and is barred from practising as a physician in the uk , and is not licensed in the us where he now resides .
considering all the damage he has done , it is a shame that he was n't charged for criminal fraud , incarcerated , and sued into penury .
as a result , he is free to pursue his perverse influence on dimwitted anti - vaxxers who refuse to recognize the obvious truth about mr. wakefield 's history of professional misconduct .
leave it to oregon to have to have a permit to pee and then get taxed on urine ...
nah fuck you too for liking dylan roof that little faggot shot up a church of black christians cuz he was too scared to go kill thug niggers or spic gangsters fucking coward kid deserves to be crucified
trump tweeting after meeting the pope : 
 old latino woman in white dress and funny cap met me at the door .
ugh !
grabbed her by the - - - - - anyway .
what !
a cross - dresser .
disgusting .
shouda known .
vatican sick .
i 'm outa there .
walked into a door on way out .
eye will be ok .
let those fuck face cock sucking cunt get called as mass murderer .
they will be remembered for killing innocent ciitzens .
their punishment will be their wives raped .
or probably their daughter
at :   the " sticks and stones " argument is a weak attempt to excuse verbal attacks on others .
it 's much like gba 's favorite " grow some skin " .
it 's saying it 's ok to insult others , to make ad hominem attacks , to make crass , crude remarks ..... the recipient should just " tolerate " it .
after all ,   " sticks and stones will break my bones , but names will never hurt me " .
so , african americans should tolerate being called n#@%^ , women should tolerate being called " c$ % % ^s " , latinos should tolerate being called " s@#^ " or " b$% # " , and calling liberals " libtards " is just fine .
yes , indeed folks , we should all just " man up " and let others insult us all they want .
you do n't really mean that , do you ?
i 'd be interested in your view .
thanks , gary
just imagine if our nation was wide awake and all americans red pilled united we would become a mighty supernatural force that our founding fathers , abraham lincoln , and jfk all wanted us to be # unleashthegreatawakening
my mexican friend just rented a studio apartment .
i gave him a thousand dollars as a house warming gift .
i figure that will cover the key copying bill .
invest your time wisely such as calling people faggots online
yes , racism .
i 'm sure you 're aware of the voter suppression history of the republican party in the south .
voter suppression , targeted at blacks , latinos and the poor , has been a weakness of the republican party   since strom thurmond switched from dem .
to rep. in 1964 and the rest of the segregationists followed .
that is well documented and the unfortunate reality that the r. party has to work on .
using words like " jungle " , " ape " , " monkey" .... that 's a wolf whistle to the white elitists and we were n't born yesterday .
time to knock that crap off .
and as far as obama ... when did he accuse racial bias when it was n't warranted by a preponderance of statistics and evidence ?
i mean , do you believe that racism exists ?
that it is a problem ?
what about climate change ?
the moon landings ?
i 'm not aware of " shenanigans " that have been pulled in open primaries .
can you cite some ?
i know that putin had 1000 's of fake news stories alleging this sort of thing .
putin likes closed primaries too .
build an immigrant ghetto next to his retirement residence
i think the uk is more of a lost cause than the us .
london has made tons of concessions to non whites .
< user > fuck you too
by by cory .
i did n't vote for a democrat .
change your party affiliation , and have a happy career as a give away politician .
the working class will find a republican to vote for .
quit kissing up to those who will never vote for you , and try to do what you promised to to those who did vote for you .
colorado does not need a john mccain .
i 'd like to know where this era of unity was that you 're talking about .
seems to me america 's always had a lot of in - fighting .
if it was n't the blacks it was the puerto ricans or the mexicans or the chinese or the italians or the irish or the ... get the picture ?
the only time we " unite " is when we can hate someone else like the muslims or the nazis .
we never unite for each other ... just to fight someone who we think threatens us .
greatamericandaily.com/bill-and-hillary-clinton-just-got-smacked-with-some-very-bad-news/ … bill and hillary clinton are finally going to be held accountable .
trump is definitely increasing employment in the usa even if it is just for lawyers .
ha good i am tired of that beaner clown
if you are looking for a great book with insightful historical content read thomas sowell black rednecks white liberals an amazing book from a brilliant economist
tune in today at 12:00gmt/13:00bst for the live friday sermon delivered by his holiness , hazrat mirza masroor ahmad ( aba ) from baitul futuh mosque . #
mtai url
< user > < user > but why a hindu name aren ’ t muslims names normal to be used in a movie
a black and a mexican are in a car , who 's driving ?
the cop
what you see as " inject[ing ] race " is just pointing out the antics of the right , and boy , does that make you snowflakes # triggered .
the"f " in meme stands for " funny "
i 'm no longer a 22 year old virgin 
 i 'm a 23 year old virgin :d :d :d
we could meet at the border and if the wetbacks are not turned back ram into them with trucks kill more beaners faster that way
why you cucked racemixer you have low iq and brainwashed brain by jews to have a low iq mexican wife what wrong with you nehlen
i do n't know why   all this fake media reaction to a possible russian interference .
first of all , every major country with the necessary means 's been doing it for years .
obama 's said so , blaming the chinese , koreans , israel , etc , at the same time americans spying even on friendly nations like germany , france , canada .
rest assure if the information would 've helped hillary to the presidency , none of this nonsense would been discussed , it 'll be a non issue for the progressive- socialist crowd .
for all we know , china 's the final culprit .
change the channel and let 's get to work .
you could also open up the school via the internet just like the other schools have done in my area they have kids go to a class and learn via a feed from the teacher who could be hundreds or thousands of miles away .
i registered to make comment but there appear to have a critical error , o dear .
what do you call a mexican fighting a catholic priest ?
alien vs. predator
the railway station while awaiting a train johanna aiken tom weeks teller warren jesse thompson and thead grayson negroes walter and will jones negroes lynched the known wounded are orrin gillis ex sheriff white shot in shoulder and may die e.b .
appleby < number >
hottest picture ever red and white bathing suit free dick pictures boobs clips bra panty photo
" @chrislhayes @jbarro apart from wwii , when the fuck has the " " objective " " ever worked ?
except making americas war industry rich .
ping ! "
i hope when the zambian wannabe dictator is kicked out , new - president hichilema will refuse to give sanctuary to lungu 's big mate showerhead when the latter flees sa to escape the 783 + heaven - knows - how - many - more cases of corruption he faces once he 's also thrown out .
genders are like the twin towers there used to be two of them but now its a touchy subject
meanwhile we 're trying to liberate the middle east and venezuela a bunch of horseshit
@yhdenpojanaiti @ericmoo91919605 @debrataddeo @yuh8tm3 @realdonaldtrump name a country they came from that the u.s. destroyed and explain what destroyed it .
i love your hairy pussy !
if you were riding my cock i 'd play with your tits 🤤 🤤
i can ’ t believe how many white people are in the business of using mlk as the model protestor when he was murdered by a white supremacist
pr29:24a thief 's partner is his own worst enemy .
he will be punished if he tells the truth in court , and god will curse him if he does n't
deport that beaner spic to mexico
" americans have a culture of responsible gun ownership . "
the fact that you are writing this editorial would seem to be pretty clear evidence that this statement is incorrect .
if you want to see a culture of responsible gun ownership look at the u.k.
nope prisoner means that you belive in wp and try to dress as much like one but can not due to parents or your job .
her : : you 're a sexy mexy .
me : : i 'm puerto rican .
her : : you 're still a sexy mexy .
wisconsinite girl i hooked up with at age 17 , while volunteering in ecuador .
haha what an idiot .
where do these nasty old women get off with their superiority complex ? ?
food coop of olympia washington anti white propaganda they hate you
yes , in barbaric , authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned .
interesting that christians desire to perpetuate the same idea .
< user > maybe should have course for monkeys and towelheads on sensitivity to white culture also
believe it or not ... these fog trousers are actually pretty comfortable from the essentials collection
" and not a mention of decades of far - left faculties and administrations propagating far - left , post - modernist theory that has given rise to far - left extremist groups against which this is a natural reaction . "
.
most respectable media do not report on things that you made up in your head .
because beaner murder rate is always 5 x whites
being an addict for 15 years the money i 've spent has only been in the 200 hundred range because i 've been blessed and fortunate for others to give me stuff i know it 's not a thing to brag about just had this on my mind and wanted to share
comments closed on the edmonton guy with a noose .
said story happened on nov 8 , and the police , picture in hand , has n't yet caught the guy ?
come on , globe !
has readership decreased so much that fake news is now par for the course for you as well ?
i wish blaire was a mainstream as laverne cox .
blaire is the lbgt voice that i 've longed for in media .
she just gets it , she gets us .
1 .
she lives in a third world shithole ( pardon my french ) that 'll age you   2 .
she has huge oversized teeth   3 .
she speaks about her shithole in ecuador like it 's some majestic kingdom and that america is the shithole .
4 .
she 's super arrogant
now would not that be a hilarious turn of events maybe even immigrants wanting to leave since their welfare slaves are not working at the fields
@jrubinblogger thousands of usa innocent lives are taken every year as a result of this lawless chaos .
it must end now !
build the wall ... stop usa invasion .
we have enought rats from the 3rd world already here .
we need usa back the way was before .
these are killers coming to destroy america .
if he were canadian with the same desire to be a political leader , obama would have learned french .
so i had the radio on and a long commercial came on it was entirely in wetback spick speak
if y all want a good enough lesbian movie tho .. watch"below her mouth " 😏
@fritz kobe foaking philippine cowards without balls , only could moaning like your foaking ho mom when being foaked by my juicy c ock , coward .
watch out motherfucker i 'll trans your gender
tune in today at 12:00gmt/13:00bst for the live friday sermon delivered by his holiness , hazrat mirza masroor ahmad ( aba ) from baitul futuh mosque . #
mtai url
trump and the despot deterte seem to also be bffs .
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-watch/wp/2016/12/08/the-disturbing-bond-between-donald-trump-and-rodrigo-duterte/?utm_term=.5d384b5e557c 

 endorsed by david duke , kim jong - il and helped to victory by vladimir putin .
trump 's pick for cia director wants snowden executed .
ottawa should grant those who assisted snowden asylum .
are you saying that shurtz 's action did n't offend any young black young people ? ? ?
but being sexist is cool
your parental rights as a father are not assumed .
do not you love when nazi wannabes complain about israel because hey like we do not want them here but we do not want them there either stupidity
guys who do this are stupid and disgusting .
they are the bottom of the barrel .
url
i think 100,000 is a possibility this year .
why not come up here .
if your asylum claim is rejected you still have 5 years+ of living in a first world country prior to being deported .
not to mention getting your teeth fixed and a healthy monthly cheque .
if trump really comes down hard we could get more than 100,000 economic migrants .
more futures contracts benefiting from a bond price increase versus those benefiting from a bond price decline ?
not that i care , but i question that math .
i believe every futures contract is a zero sum game where one speculator or hedger wins and the other loses the exact same amount ( and both pay commissions ) .
i do not believe there is such a thing as there being more contracts that benefit from one direction or the other in the futures market .
it is a zero sum game . (
unlike stocks which is a whole ' nother story ) .
perhaps this can be explained in a future column . (
no pun intended )
it 's okay to be lesbian .
it 's okay to be straight .
it 's okay to be gay .
it 's okay to be bi .
it 's okay to be trans .
it 's okay to be you .
but it 's never okay to use sound or drop on lured cogs .
😤 😤 😤
wtf do n't these idiots get ... their here illegally
fox propaganda where is the outrage over david stringer republicunt arizona legislature forced to resign for sodomizing young white boys not black boys !
where ?
a bunch of dudes use their penises to vacuum the jizz off of / out of the lady .
then they rub their dicks ' til they go soft , put their clothes back on , and walk out the house backwards .
fatcel 
 hypothetically if a fatcel becomes a chad after losing weight , what can they do to support their incel brothers ?
so it works .
and it is necessary .
let 's hope the surveillance continues .
let me be the first to remind all the arrogant and know - it - all white men here that you do not have room to wave your supremacist flag over anyone , which i note that many do when stories about native people hits these pages .
in fact allow me to remind you also that studies show white men commit the most heinous crimes in the u.s.a. , and are known through research and law enforcement statistics to be at the top of the criminals who rape and kill small , innocent children across the country , and finally , proliferate foreign countries like latin america to find sex with children – 85 - percent for latin american countries .
not the kind of people who ’d have room to spout supremacy anywhere .
have a nice day .
to be honest i have not heard in yrs of any skinheads beating anyone up what a shame it should be an everyday event .
i allways stare at them first with very serious eyes and from long distance .
sweden riot police forced to shoot at protestors as violence erupts yet pm is in denial express hotpagenews com r < number >
so , you 're cool with discrimination if its a result of free speech or religion ?
like in the 50s , with white only lunch counters ?
the problem is they are working to give our oil to   foreign oil corporations .
1/2 messican , 1/2 white babies can often pass for white until they turn six or seven when the golden brown coating covers all .
this whole story does n't make any sense .
is it possible mr boyle was working with the taliban to extract money from the us and or canadians government ?
he mentioned the cankles too .
i said if nothing else , at least i never got those .
he told me i have nice legs & amp ; i died for like two days ..
imma start blocking anybody that post that lil ugly dyke haitian boy on the tl it disturbing af
civnat nsjw < user > loves beaners lol
in memory of deputy james mcgrane who was shot and killed while conducting a traffic stop by known gang member and mexican pos michael paul astorga .
which kind of curls are you talking ?
the beautiful 3c that is glorify by the media or the short 4c ?
black girls have different type of curls .
that is why to protect them we wear protective styles .
from braids to wigs , we wear them to protect our natural hair and also to try different styles without damaging our natural hair .
on monday i an silky straight 20inches hair and on tuesday a big afro .
hair is a way to express ourselves .
i 'm sorry black women having fun with their hair makes you sad .
me : : i 'd like to go to the c - town [ food market ] , does the shuttle go downtown ?
shuttle driver : : the service does n't go down there , it 's too dangerous , and i 'll tell you why : there are lots of hispanics , and they 're really rude .
shuttle service is supposed to extend within 2 - 3 miles of campus .
onboard a college shuttle service bus .
i felt invisible .
i 'm cuban - american .
when i found out that men get paid £ 60 every time they donate their sperm , it made me angry to think about all that money i 've let slip through my fingers .
< user > what up with nazis and their love of camps
he was pretty dark , so he 's probably not paying rent because he 's an illegal and does n't know english .
one of the great examples of unisex is punjabis name .
hamrinder mein kaur laga to female and singh laga do to male.&#128539;&#128539;&#128539 ;
most who are in any situation where any sort of punishment or disciplinary actions are used ( e.g. schools or the military ) agree that there is a racial disparity - black and latinos are punished less harshly than their white or asian counterparts .
no wants the paperwork unless they have to .
unfortunately , little jamekiel has been told by his parent from birth that he does n't need to listen to the man , who is just trying to keep him down .
so he has no manners or idea how to behave in a group setting and ends up getting in trouble repeatedly .
waco :   the u.s. government killed dozens of people because of a firearms infraction .
has anybody seen sample tests ?
why would these tests be so extraordinary as to have that large a fail rate ?
are they really that difficult ?
stopped taking ssri medication yesterday 
 jerked off 6 times in a row
< user > also a syrian refugee while everyone has a right to protest you would think the elders of the country that gave you asylum would have earned the right to cross the street without your harassment
i propose that kamanao crabbe be cast as king kamehameha .
how very sad .
i would n't urinate on trump if he were on fire , and most likely he does harbor the passive racism of our culture .
but as far as this campaign goes , what he said in regard to illegal aliens is spot - on , and echoed by every mexican national and legal immigrant i know ( which are many ) .
they 'll flat tell you the ones hopping the border are the scum of latin society , and they 're glad to see them go .
his ideas on " banning " muslims are ridiculous and unconstitutional , but , islam is an ideology , not a race .
it 's a repugnant ideology at odds with our way of life and human rights in general , but people have a right to their superstitions in this country .
we 'll just have to do with those practicing it as prescribed by the founder on a case - by - case basis .
let 's deport ann widdecombe for balances sake then .
is it just me we let illegal immigrants out of american prison back into a city they entered illegally over 8 0 k we deport russian diplomats for their government possibly hacking into only dnc computers keep the criminals deport the scapegoats 🤔
fuck outta here refugee
" hey you guys !
putrump ( @realdonaldtrump & amp ; @putinrf_eng ) just changed their relationship status to " " it 's complicated " " ! #
loveisabattlefield "
what is that difference ?
bill clinton was in a position of authority over some of his conquests , yet you just call them affairs .
biased much ?
another gay hispanic , so usual .
fuck off and die .
you know ull get in due to aa , so suck my small chinese cock .
@theladygamer if you got ta shout u a bad bitch ... u ai n't a bad bitch & # 128524 ;
we could rescue those fleeing assad .
or kill people as a power display while leaving refugees to die .
trump 's choice is no shock .
everybody needs to see # 13reasonswhy & # 128561 ; talk about getting your attention from the get go and so needed in today 's society . #
hooked
it is far past time to stop bringing up past politicians ' behavior to excuse trump 's crude , reprehensible conduct .
we could as well talk about george wallace and his fight for segregated schools ; he certainly thought he had the right to do it .
the country has grown up some , and we 're trying to get smarter in our treatment of all people .
it is n't only trump 's demeanor towards and contempt for women , but his infatuation with foreign dictators and their methods , which should send us running away from him .
v. putin wants to conquer and rule the united states , and trump is willing to help him , for a handful of coins .
moslem women can not celebrate international womens day
my parents used to beat me so hard i thought my name was the sound of a whip
and you know this how , exactly ?
there is certainly anecdotal evidence to suggest that seminaries have become hostile to priests who support tradition .
perhaps fr .
z 's experience is an example of that .
it would be charitable of you to entertain that possibility in his case .
but you seem to have made up your mind about him .
and as for any suggestion that a love of tradition makes a man unsuitable for the priesthood , that would depend upon a definition of suitability that is of very recent vintage and has a decidedly ideological tinge .
and let 's be honest : it has been decades since a love of traditional catholicism has been anything but a hindrance for a man entering upon the priesthood .
but somehow scores of men who had no business being in holy orders managed to slip through .
the church has barely begun to recover from this failure .
i would n't bring up the recent entrance standards of the seminaries if i were you : it 's poor salesmanship .
so true .
a professional like a doctor or dentist might not start their paid working life until age 30 or higher , and might not reach peak earning years until their 50s , and not be able to start saving for retirement after paying off student loans and practice purchase until they are int heir 40s or 50s .
so that $ 250k / yr income at age 55 is really like making less than half of that given the 10 + years working for zero income in school and residency .
meanwhile government worker will typically have a db pension which is worth the equivalent of a million dollars by the time they are in their mid 50s !
but the government thinks it is the small - business heavyily deb - ridden dentist who needs to get kicked in the nuts with a heavy duty tax overhaul ? ?
uh oh , the pc police are here to tell us what 's racist ...
please consider helping to bring water filters to people who have no clean drinking water - https://www.gofundme.com/togetherpuertorico
diversity > love   for * * a lot * * of people these days - as long as they are the ones not missing out on love .
planned parenthood locates in poor neighborhoods because that ’s where blacks and hispanics are .
< user > if you do not see the difference between illegal immigrants and babies you do not belong in government
a thought for the day : “ do n’t knock the weather ; nine - tenths of the people could n’t start a conversation if it did n’t change once in a while . ” —
kin hubbard
this is not mexico it 's the united states you want mexico then go there , wake up america we are under attack from the enemy who have infiltrated our own country , if it 's war there after than let 's give it to them ..
i was really happy when my wife told me she was pregnant and it was going to be a girl now i can stop all this gay shit with my son
the smart play goes something like this childless high iq non white women are allowed in after genetic disease and health screens if they marry and bear multiple children to a white within a short timeframe they stay otherwise they leave no chain migration whatsoever only women so no ghettos etc
oh , i 'm sorry .
i forgot .
nothing 's ever your fucking fault .
well immigrants are rapists and murderers so that explains at least some portion of it
italy is for italians get the immigrants to go back to their shitholes america is for americans europe is for europeans clear
it is also possible he was reaching for his wallet , just as instructed and just as the girlfriend claims .
you do n't know and , obviously , neither did the officer .
do you think he would have been shot if he was a white woman ?
of course not .
fuckboys fuckboys every where i go
so i posted on craigslist rnr wondering why there were so many beaners in this town and i get this as a response i knew there were illiterates out there but this one is ridiculous
people are defending freedom of speech and a person 's right but you do n't know what 's in a person mind or heart .
so you really ca n't defend their right to bring that flag to school without knowing why they did it .
it just so happens to be black history month and we could assume that it is directed at that , but then why use a symbol used to denigrate black americans .
if you have the right to be proud white americans , should n't you respect the rights of blacks , jews , hispanics and native americans to be proud of their heritage too , without waving a flag that says " you 're inferior to me because i 'm white " .
many politicians take liberty with the facts , trump takes liberties with politically correct facts and therefore he is called a liar .
first repost of comment rejected for non - civility .
i hope anti - semitic congresswomen omar and talib have not gotten their children vaccinated because most vaccines were created by jews and if their children and families are anti - semitic like them they 'll have to suffer
congrats you 're a subhuman pussy bitch in a car
my wife has mutism .... now she literally ca n't say no !
i hope i die cause i am white blacklivesmatter
a terrorist group may not be protected ... but an individual citizen who may sympathize with a terrorist group could be .
he does n't have to be a member of the kkk .
just a guy who likes the kkk and takes delight in screwing with this black business owners because he resents the fact that he is a business owner and not a janitor or a share cropper .
i am making it complicated because i see the law as protecting one group of people and saying " screw you " to all other minority groups .
in this example the baker in the case has stopped making wedding cakes .
it would be a shame if a jewish or black or latino or asian baker had to make the same type of decision when they harbor no ill will towards anyone other than those who harbor ill will towards them .
the little guy
ie : they will still feel this way in 5 years .
lollll .
what 's a mexican ' s favorite sport ?
cross country
the person i am closing with called in sick then texted me happy birthday 😂 😅 fuck you to bitch
typical redneck threats .
i live in the interior , and i can tell you that more people support the abandonment of km than support it .
it will bring nothing to the interior except a few contracts cleaning up the garbage that albertan contractors love to throw in our lakes and streams .
the first practical order of business in the interior is to make albertans understand that they are not welcome in bc .
watch for it .
white supremacy someone will take that rifle and shove it up his ass url
lmao says the person who insulted me stop doing things when it done back you u bitch up and cower in a corner and try and be a victim pussy still no denial you are trailer trash and a product of incest
" @ishlmaru this is from the same girl who quoted " " are you insane like me ?
been in pain like me ? " "
for our last peer review & # 128556;&#128299 ; "
and the internet tough guy guntards are clutching their firearms a little tighter
what do you get if you cross an african and a mexican ?
someone too lazy to steal .
what do you call a mexican without a lawnmower ?
unemployed .
< user > < user > < user > could you pray for all the kids who were raped by the priests and pastors over the past many decades maybe your jealous god could help his chosen flock keep there wieners in their pants god is not great
❓ ❓ if the story is that the right wants immigrants because they are cheap labor just how does that work if all of the immigrants are on welfare as far as lefties wanting votes is concerned we already know that illegals do vote
f you do n’t build your dream , someone else will hire you to help them build theirs .
dhirubhai ambani
@outlawmike1 @1019dotty agreed .
he was the most divisive , racist president we 've ever had .
you can be the ugliest black man in the world , and beautiful white women will worship you .
yet decent , good quality white men are now the biggest incels .
and these normie freaks wonder why we incels are going on shooting sprees and celebrating whenever evil women get slaughtered .
fucking scum , this society deserves to be destroyed .
mindless idiots is trying to enslave good cunservative christians !
you know why vermont is so safe , do n't you ?
there 's hardly any minorities in it !
what does this fat ass jew have against white people should not white people be concerned with the browning of america he is a pure left wing ass
everyone is claiming that the father in law is owed the money because he paid for it .
but maybe in the divorce agreement he was ordered to pay for both policies , because the mother in law contributed to his career with unpaid work in the home , and the policy payment order was a way to compensate her for her work to support the couple and their family .
the policy was payment for her contribution to the marriage , perhaps ?
i do n't really understand the whole mutual insurance policy agreement , but the bottom line seems to be the father has a disagreement with the mother for changing the beneficiary , but for the moment , it 's not the children 's fault or issue , and the money is , and should be , theirs , as given to them by the insurance company .
i bet the odds are good that this equipment is nowhere near this area anymore .
it 's not likely that the thieves drove it away under its own power , it 's more likely that they put it on the back of a truck and hightailed it out of town .
i know i keep hoping i wake up one day and this multiracial hell canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens .
" allah is going to burn you in jahanaam ( hell ) for all eternity for your atheism "
your showing your intellect again .
why would anyone go to jail ?
even though there are numerous investigations going on , so far there has been no evidence of collusion found , and even if there is somehow some found , collusion is not a crime !
no one is remotely being accused of any crime , get your facts straight .
no , the chances of a muslim shooting you in america is almost nil .
there are over 50 k gun deaths every year christian usa .
we should be focusing our attention on christians and less on peace loving muslims .
motley :    ( if you provide it ; they will come ) .
yaaaa ...............   like fleas on a dog .................. 

 i have seen this first hand , and there are millions more .
there is   a 18 year old mexican   girl who lives down my   street   , and of course , she and   her family are unauthorized immigrants .
there is a 18 year old latino boy and his   latino family that live   next to them that are , unauthorized immigrants .
guess what , , the latino boy is a sperm donor to the mexican girl and she just gave birth .
they are not married , and he is around maybe 1 day a week , and he is not working .
the mexican girl is bragging to the other neighbors about how much she gets each month in   food stamps ,   and ,   welfare   because she now has a child .
as the fleas suck the blood out of the dog , the illegal or unauthorized immigrants are doing the same to our financial resources .
go donald , deport and build the wall .................
this is an issue of stereotypes .
blacks ganged up , italians mobbed up , chinese , hard working and industrious but ganging quietly , phillipinoes , and hispanics , the new middle class .... and grumpy old white men embezzling corporate profits .
all brought to you buy hollywood and mass media .
< user > lmao not hoe you have ptsd tho
the flipside is those 70 % white students will do worse with ` ` teachers of color '' .
more bureaucratic bumbling .
rep. todd rokita , r - ind , said dao bears some responsibility for ignoring orders from law enforcement officers before being dragged off the plane .
todd fails to understand dao was traveling with his wife .
ua saw nothing wrong with kicking off the husband , leaving wife on the plane .
what is wrong with this picture ?
todd needs to admit his utter incompetence , start flying like the average citizen to see what the real world is like .
sad to say just another legend in his mind bureaucrat .
i think when people say black community or hispanic community it really means ghetto i notice no matter what race all ghetto people have the same character traits and ignorant attitude they are all violent and easily lead the media is pandering to their ignorance
swim in the swamp !
swim in the swamp !
raindrawp drawp top i look like a faggot in a crop top
this is a temporary solution .
the real solution is resurrecting hitler and give him all what he needs for the holocaust 2.0
am resigning from potus and signing up with the wwe where i belong !
love , donald .
instagram stories will now be getting their own stories and then those stories will have their own lil babies stories
or so this short film would have you believe !
who is this " true " christian ?
the one who bragged about   sexually assaulting women and surrounds himself with the kkk , neo nazis and called mexicans " rapists and killers ? "
do n't be shy now .
well that 's kind of the point is n't it .
i think the majority of trans person are aware that they ca n't change their biological sex .
i do n't think that 's what matters to them .
> change your lifestyle and not conform to social norms for the gender you 're assigned , more power to you .
why would n't that include hormone treatment and surgery ?
if they want to look a certain way , why should n't they ?
i 've never been one to tell people what they can and ca n't do with their bodies .
you want tattoos , great .
you want bigger tits , great .
you want a forked tongue , great .
you want different genitals , great .
idk how many queer friends i have to comfort through the kill your gays moment our tv faves are having but apparently it is all of them
that is when you take out your phone and take pictures of them .
i see your point but at the same time , you live in florida .... do you not expect to be hit by a hurricane at some point ?
why is mexico so bad at the olympics ?
because every mexican that can run , jump and climb is allready on the u.s.a
at least trudea has a respetable command of english and is fluent in another international language ... french .
trump speaks in triads ... build that wall .... lock her up ... drain the swamp .. when he goes beyound this his second language is called pig latin .
he is so pathetic
wendy a hoe for getting rid of spicy chicken nuggets
johnson view by contrast was reasonable and genuine even if i disagree with him vox is pulling some dorklord machiavellian master plan bullshit for whatever reason it obvious moronic and tiresome fuck off with your triracial alt west milo apologetics gamergate bullshit you fucking spic
odd you do not see white people burning down their own neighborhoods because bill cosby wasn t found guilty but you do see his lawyer and reps on tv acting all ghetto even though they were victorious ghetto rats
synonymous words : 

 feminist 
 asshole 
 black 
 moron 
 loudmouth 
 jerk 
 muslim 
 goat 
 screwer 
 illegal 
 hispanic 
 taco 
 jew 
 penny 
 pincher
i m sick of ppl saying they were " born gay " you re not born gay u chose to watch sunmi playing the bass and now u are the way u are url
a minority 's inner monologue in usa .
< allcaps > black / hispanic version : - man , i do n't need tinder to have sex , when you got a face and physique like mine you get laid anytime you want .
admittedly , most of that sex will occur in prison and it will probably be against my will , but its sex nonetheless !
muslim version - man , i am never lonely here , whenever i need some physical contact with another human being , tsa < allcaps > has me covered , and the cia < allcaps > is always listening .
i would not be worried except for the fact that this is africa and the untrustworthy corrupt incompetent inefficient unreliable self enriching communist anc is in charge .
then there is the question of who will be running this system , the gupta 's or maybe a few nigerians ?
other than that , it sounds like a perfectly good idea .
all of the blood spilled in all of the wars and they want to hand the car keys over to illegal mexicans ghetto rats and gender fluid leftists
lrt is a fucking callout hahahahahhaha has a massive point tho skskskks
it turned out to be a well endowed man making a shadow puppet
but how can anyone bridge a racial gap that so wide i do not get i can see in some instances whites having relationship with some asians the gap between white and blacks arabs hindis metizos etc to my thinking makes for something completely out of whack
well i have changed my signature , i think it was stupid i was forced to do so just because some people do nt like what i have to say , but i do hope my new one is acceptable . :
attack
then your part of the reason the west is dying .
you want a better country then kick out the niggers and spics with their high crime and breeding rate and get rid of the jews who are hellbent on destroying us
all the more reason eugene needs uber .
gives us freedom to choose .
the following is a list of the 26 orangoutangs comprising the honolulu zoo society .
recognize any elites ?
honolulu zoo society board of directors & officers : 

 paul dyson , president 
 kenneth kanter , vice president 
 ryan mukai , esq . ,
secretary 
 michael libertini , treasurer 
 jason ito , past president 

 board members : 
 randy aina 
 jennifer barrett 
 mary benson 
 sherry broder , esq .
jon bryan 
 keith demello 
 amy donn 
 rick egged 
 karen francis 
 kim hehir 
 melanie long 
 aimee lum 
 toni maehara 
 raymond noh 
 kathleen saulez 
 tara spagnoli 
 barry sullivan 
 aimee tadaki 
 caroline witherspoon 

 dr. baird fleming , honolulu zoo director 
 jennifer barrett , hzs interim executive director
so , where does the money come from to cover people who do n't work , etc .
also , the amount deducted would never cover what is actually spent either , so where does the excess come from ?
indeed , medical care and drugs , etc .
are a mess .
but , the consumer does n't know most of what a product or service costs .
unless you know what your car mfg .
paid for every piece of hardware , etc . ,
personnel , transportation , insurance , taxes , etc . ,
etc . ,
you just assume the amount you pay for your car is " about right . "
who really knows ?
and , should we ?
a business will charge what the market is willing to pay .
@frostedsoul @cmrlofficial @chennaipolice _ pls refer to page 3 times of india .
since they have applied for us green card , they have mentioned as us woman .
listen folks i am not normally one to preach but as a white male of privilege i < number > < number > mpcstatusupdates
you are absolutely correct .
that 's why whiteys have narrow nostrils , breathing cold air .
blue eyes developed when the humanoid had to keep his clothes on , from the cold , and only the face showed .
the vitamin d can not get through brown eyes .
i was n't making a point , just stateing facts .
i 'm sorry i 'm proud of my race , we 're not perfect , and neither am i. but w/ black pride running wild , la raza celebrating mexico after illegally immigrating , and asians getting good educations and good jobs , i thought i might dare say something positive about my race .
but , that did n't float , do n't ever say something positive about the white race , publicly .
we 're bad ! ! ! !
ms < number > and arabs pouring into the us from the south
who exactly is damaging it 's life support systems ?
the pipe - fitter working in fort macmurray , driving around a f150 , or the film producer in vancouver , driving around in a ford explorer ?
prohibition has never worked .
when there is a demand , there will be a supply .
if you really want to fix the problem , you have to kill the demand .
let 's put the blame where it belongs .
we 're damaging the life support systems when we purchase gasoline .
quit pretending the people who enable our behaviors are responsible for them .
trump should call for a < number > day waiting period on bridges built by wetback girls
hispanics causing a panic .
if you want improvement in society then fucking do something .
calling someone racist for something they did in ignorance is n't progress
i am the white man ’ whore
dude seriously cut it out with the prepubescent virgin tweets !
every hear of tmi ?
no one wants to hear about you beating ur little meat! 🤢 🤮 like if this is your sad truth & reality at least go with lie about having sex with actual real adult women , this is a time its ok to lie! 🤦 ‍ ♂ ️ url
if he was white and not hispanic it would be s problem
barry , i get it you do n't like trump .
but almost 63 million voted for him .
but typical liberal elitists like you can`t acknowledge maybe some had a legitimate reason to vote for him .
they all can not be idiots .
just like last year not all academy voters were racists , in fact i bet very few are racists .
so this year is the academy full of bigots as there are more hispanics in the usa than african americans and how many hispanics were nominated ?
but then did you mention that ?
" dozens " oh shit .
dozens of agents are going to stem the tide of thousands of illegals .
i need a thread of gay bi sff authors gay bi men including trans men thanks who write sci fi and fantasy my list of known authors in that vein is very short i know dozens of queer women authors that i love i am just have a hard time finding my people
a face that deliberately needs bitch slapping
muh national guard career they said i was like a nazi bc i was quiet so i told a story about how i got a spic at work to call the illegal spics spic they then said i was fucked up lol
i can barely go out into society anymore i basically just buy food from the beaner filled store pay all bills online then spend the day talking shit online like a coward what a life
porn ?
masters degree in theology .
former pastor .
i left the ministry because of hypocrites like yourself .
i do n't do porn .
if you do , your thing but stop with the personal attacks and come with something relevant or move on before you 're reported and blocked .
the sickness is in you , self - loather .
you concluded " murder " in the early days of the shooting based on conjecture .
oddly , you think it has something to do with white people when the officer is latino .
can you tell us why ?
yes , you 're programmed with racial self - hatred .
that much is glaringly obvious by your racist bilge here .
there is zero proof that cops " target " black people .
that blacks get pulled over more is a correlation / causation fallacy .
the new jersey study showed it was because blacks were committing a higher rate of traffic infractions .
instead of rattling off narratives about " rich white men " and other pale bogeymen , learn to be critically - minded and stop blindly swallowing critical race theory narratives .
you 're parroting absolute crap , and you should be ashamed of yourself .
if a nigga ai n't never put you in a house , put you in a car , or put you in a position to make some money .
he never did shit for you .
stop looking for a mother fucker to get your hair done & some shoes thats broke bitch behavior 💯
i m organizing a massive black lives matter march ... it will start at miami beach , florida 10 am tomorrow morning .
get armed and get trained , they are literally pushing for a genocide against us .
finally got my new toy today a new touchscreen laptop so i 'll be toying with it today testing all different kinds of video features so that 's what i 'll be doing
< user > yep tho is anyone surprised their defending known nazi nick fuentes
a black and a mexican are in a car , who 's driving ?
the cop
lol 2 mass shootings by white supremacists in hardly a weeks time is an outlier we probably dobt need to address ? ? ?
grow a brain ffs
< user > vincent d onofrio is a fucking actor lol what he got going on that is relatable to us in any way he white has money probably never had a fight in his life never had to hustle piff or crills just to eat or avoiding getting shot
@writebyhand thanks @writebyhand !
if your ears were ringing , @franksmisha & amp ; i were singing your praises .
what d ya know the fag the spick and the lesbian on the bench also know the meaning of the first happy days
seriously i have n't seen a single # masseffectandromeda review that i agree with .
it was the best i 've played so far in the series .
" the biblical mandate to do to the least is not directed to a secular society , but to believers in his gospel message . "
you take my favorite passage of the entire bible , jewish or christian scriptures ( old or new testaments ) , and pervert its meaning .
matthew 25:32 starts " before [ the son of man ] will be gathered all the nations ... " 
 all the nations .
everyone .
matthew 25:32 - 45 is a call for social justice .
in 14 verses , jesus of nazareth gives a resounding " yes ! "
to cain 's question of whether cain is his brother 's keeper .
in 14 verses , jesus summarizes the entirety of the social justice message of all of the prophets of the jewish scriptures .
and you say it 's for christians only .
shame on you .
churches and non - profits ca n't handle all the need .
so legislators who were / are predominantly christian created the social security , medicare , and medicaid systems .
and people who are predominantly christian are arguing the republican plan is cruel .
it 's too bad we are making demands of you .
trump is a racist sympathizer .
he single - handedly used his wealth and fame to perpetuate the lie – wholly racist in nature – that president obama was not born in the united states .
he has declared his intention to deport millions of law - abiding muslims , ban immigration of muslims , and has called mexican immigrants drug dealers and rapists .
he openly accepted the support of avowed white supremacists during his campaign and has done virtually nothing to distance himself from these groups and their political aims since .
the neo - nazi and white supremacist groups that marched in charlottesville are similarly transparent in their purpose .
they believe in the supremacy of white european christians over , well , everyone else .
in particular , they want to eliminate jews and blacks , and latinos , muslims , lgbtq folks , feminists ( perhaps women , generally ) , catholics , and many others .
there is no mystery here .
+ kiki melendez do you know mexicans are hybrid race !
half european white italian spaniard and the dogs they came over here to fuck created mexicans
when i was younger i used to want to be a cop however , since then , society has changed and it 's no longer acceptable to shoot gays and minorities in public .
keep em on the phone long enough , disagree a little .
congratulations ..... you look 10 years younger and strangely smarter - or is it wiser ?
< user > started from islam raped modi and ended his powerful speech with laillaha ilallah there no god but allah and we will fight till end did not vote him but indeed it one of the best speeches i have ever heard
i 'm finally at the point where i 'm over freaking out over if i have cancer or a disease and i just wanna know what 's wrong with me
why does n't mexico have an olympic team ?
because all the people that can run , swim or jump are already in the us .
india always in her feelings 🙄
painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt , and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen . #
aldubkstoursaus
" he explained that contracts in 2009 , 2010 and 2012 were not “ properly vetted ” and lacked “ clarity , ” and so contained inaccuracies . "
am i missing something ?
where is the accountability ?
time for an ethnic cleansing
99 % of violence suffered by men is inflicted by other men .
there is just something seriously wrong with us as a species , and i do n't know why women tolerate our existence .
maybe they should n't .
everyone go follow @bimbocharlotte1 she 's a dirty cum slut who needs to suck your cock url
this is purely for tourists .
deport him when he arrives
alaska has more money per capita then any other oil state in the nation .
the real issue is alaska has all the money it wants locked away but between ( 1 . )
the big oil monopoly and ( 2 . )
the oil haters , alaskans and the leaders may let these two have the state 's oil wealth stay locked in the ground , will this change in 2017 ? .
insightful and honest leadership is all that alaska had missing over the years , will the legislature and oil and gas agencies improve this year and stop pricing everyone except the majors out ?
alaska needs to get rid of the oil and gas bonds and have a self insured oil state so alaskans can prosper !
stop bad rules like the c - plan ! !
this lock could be unlocked if the people and the leaders can get past these two groups oil haters and big oil market control .
not one alaskan or smaller oil competitors has ever found oil and old it for a profit !
can the 2017 legislative session stop these two from stop pricing the smaller oil and gas   competitors out of alaska ?
the fact that the company that bought the satellite communications firm in vancouver , as well as the elder care company as well , are both " banned " ( or essentially told they would be scrutinized to the point of exclusion ) from transactions in other western countries were given a free pass by trudeau / the liberals is absolutely inexcusable .
fluoride has been on the epa list of neurotoxins for the past decade .
this is not news .
on that same list are aspartame ( sweetener ) , ethanol ( beer and other alcoholic beverages ) , salicylate ( aspirin ) , caffeine , and nicotine ?
afraid of brain damage every time you take a sip of coffee , have a soft drink , drink a beer , or take an aspirin ?
if not , why not ?
think its because you know that concentration is the difference between safety and toxicity of every substance known to man , including plain water ?
.
it does n't matter whether fluoridation substances are from the us , china , or the moon ?
all water at the tap must meet all epa mandated quality certification requirements under std .
60 of nsf international , regardless of from where any additives are sourced .
fluoridated water easily meets all of these .
.
anybody who wants to be as grossly uninformed as dustin should absolutely join his little antifluoridationist " team " .
intelligent people will know better .
.
steven d. slott , dds
did you know the only time moslem women can walk before men
that is not the reason why they stay .
it 's more complex than that .
ramadan kareem to all my mutuals muslims and all muslims around the world 💖
i only bang girls that are a solid 9 or 10 by the time the reach 11 , they start to get bitchy
bro dreadlocks or faux locks even on women are legit stunning
california demograph spics < percent > beaner < percent > white < percent > asian < percent > nog < percent > jew california hey at least we are only < percent > nog
turn that shithole 3rd world country mexico into a parking lot with a couple we 'll place nukes .
what a fucking idiot .
beyond ready for god to burn this bitch down .
url
i just a nice ass bitch
> another said homosexuality is " not acceptable for us lot " .
the crawl back into whichever shit - hole you dragged yourself out of .
@caroanna @anthoknees i do n't have a problem with " guys " but i do n't speak for everyone .
just sharing one important perspective on the matter !
no half - breed spic has any right to say anything to any anglo ever , and should be killed for doing so .
also going to be binge eating krispy kreme doughnuts this weekend as it 's only a month away from my fruits and veggies only lifestyle .
what was the last thing diego 's mother said to him before getting shot by the border patrol go diego go
no niggers muzzies and wetbacks being parasites at the behest of kikes is causing a divide in america
imagine going to fucking dominate the dancefloor to your favourite jam javert 's suicide
answer :   too difficult for him .
tough to lose the speedy creek accent .
a man is shot to death .
sohail is angry because he dead man ' was an idiot ' to ' go after ' cow smugglers .
tell me again how ' hindu - muslim ' bhai bhai and how hindus are " bigots " for pushing back url
a somalian who one day washes up on europes shores will never be a european same thing with pakis in britain arabs in france or turks in germany
of course , anyone who thinks that the laws of the country should be properly enforced can only be described as a racist .
you and thinking like this is a big part of why trump won the election .
if that 's all you have to add , you should work for the dnc .
literally fucking die - spacito normie piece of trash
biological traitors that want to wallow in a ghetto
two years after # watergate broke , # nixon was actually re - elected .
investigations of # djt must not drag on for years .
time is of the essence !
the year of the women , blacks , and hispanics and anyone else trump offended .
tomorrow we the people will show bankrupt trump who 's his daddy .
humpity dumpity trumpity .
bye , bye .
so am i really fucking up or does my mom just shout at me because i am gay and she still can not get over it
tfw how the daily stormer protects a spic like he some kind of god
people are defending freedom of speech and a person 's right but you do n't know what 's in a person mind or heart .
so you really ca n't defend their right to bring that flag to school without knowing why they did it .
it just so happens to be black history month and we could assume that it is directed at that , but then why use a symbol used to denigrate black americans .
if you have the right to be proud white americans , should n't you respect the rights of blacks , jews , hispanics and native americans to be proud of their heritage too , without waving a flag that says " you 're inferior to me because i 'm white " .
so sick of this " my way or the highway " mentality .
hey , assembly members - respect has to be earned , so why do n't you all work on that .
i 've never had a religious friend or family in my life , interestingly enough , i wonder how it would be if someone here wanted to come out as religious .
next up mexit wet back you go spick
as with illegal immigration , trump 's attempts to enforce preexisting immigration law in regard to legal immigration has been all but completely obstructed by democrats .
most legal overstays are not from europe , however .
most legal overstays are from china and india .
a mexican and a black guy are riding in a car .... who 's driving ?
the cops
i 'm really more into strong minded people .
people who have their thoughts intact , not scattered .
people who have figured out what they want .
society is like rice nobody likes the brown ones
hoe behaviour when men think is cool acting humble when they biggest player
i am starting to think trump is our hitler and if you actually know what i mean when i say that you are smart if you think i m saying he literally hitler you are retarded and ca nt make out what i am saying
substitute " transgender " with jews , blacks , asians , muslims , hispanics , women or any other minority in mr. smiths editorial and you get the underlying fear , intolerance and hatred of anybody other than white males in the service .
we shall see who has dung dropped on them .
too funny .
more than that .... if we cut the budget .
by then oil will rebound- and we can keep trimming useless state workers and voila- balanced .
raising interest rates will do nothing to discourage offshore nationals who are driving this market .
they pay cash and are n't eligible for mortgages through domestic banks because they are foreigners .
if you ever find out the why , please post another op - ed .
" the freedoms of religion and conscience are and must be the first freedoms to which all others are bound . "
nonsense .
why the sudden surge in religionism , after 9/11 , that has gone on and on and on ?
like militarism , the security state , loss of privacy , more police everywhere , lack of jobs , lack of housing , low wages , endless war , endless terrorism .... religions , as my university profs taught me , are about social control , keeping the people down and out and pacified .
canada has been increasing secular since the 1960 's .
that 's very good for democracy and the will of the people .
please allow me my freedom from religion .
and let 's get on with strengthening democracy , as its being shrunk by the corporate state and its media spokesmen who want to sell our country to immigrants and multinational corporations .
are the minorities still considered as family , friends , neighbors .... ?
are kashmiris even considered indian ? ?
alright .
start shooting them with beanbag guns and sending in ice and let the deportations begin .
check out : sad ☹ @clspoetry ❝ he makes me want to write poetry ❞ rnrn i 'm c.s. & amp ; these are my tweetsrnrn
it 's sad how their is only one major big leagues of professional wrestling when it comes to wwe especially how they 've treated talent in the past
< user > i am a brit if you are talking about florida looks like he was a muzzie despite the wetback name
keep shipping in the shitskins i say replace the brownies with white blonde africans who will farm for us make cali white and right again we tried this 3 rd world crap it ain t workin
i 'm on the fence with abortion .
on one hand it kills kids , but it also gives women a choice .
detention space for illegal immigrants oh my dare i say concentration camps gas the spics border war now in all seriousness detention camps are necessary you can not let beaners roam around raping and pillaging you have to lock up all the taco niggers until you are ready to remove them
they are demoshits never give a demoshit moslem or an illegal an inch they all will turn every city state and country into a shit hole
< user > bitch i hate you
be sure to tell your family and friends goodbye one last time before you head out to remove those traps ......
damn dat wetback needs to strap in those moobs
what is the difference between sweden and finland ?
sweden is gay
queer culture is adding each other on instagram and 😍 reacting each other stories forever but not actually having a conversation or making any moves
< user > the retard restarted the game
i guess people have forgotten these important principles promoting the common good : 
 1 .
illegal immigrants should not be allowed to break the law ; illegal immigrants do this every day when they force themselves into america .
2 .
illegal immigrants should not be assisting multi - national and trans - national corporations to drive down the wages of all working class people .
3 .
illegal immigrants are taking jobs away from poor and young white , black and hispanic american citizens .
where did these principles come from : civil rights activist , african american , lesbian , physically disabled , and hero to the american left and progressives : congresswoman barbara jordan .
her immigration task force in the 1990 's came up with these three principles , and i wholeheartedly agree with them .
they were sound then , and they 're sound today .
traffic in atlanta will be fucked up .. so book your rooms downtown so i can come see you&#128521;&#128521;&#128521 ;
< user > < user > < user > why is it that women women get raped they are blamed blamed because of what they wear men get paid more then women men get away with rape and become president
ultimately a cis gay man ( like me for the record ) is going to have very different needs and issues from a transwoman .
the umbrella is great and all , but at this point is it really super helpful ?
love my straight trans brothers and sisters but it would be cool if their movement got the funding and attention ours does and they could have their * own * thing .
the last time i went to catholicchurch for sunday mass the filipino priest was clearly homosexual there were like < number > white folk there these little hispanic kids were signing and dancing and the priest lectured on welcoming refugees and no latin spoken 🙉 🙉 🤢 🤢 that was it 😒 gabfam speakfreely
the young american muslim girl who just wants to walk to school without being harassed by someone who hates her hijab because trump told them to will continue to have real cultural anxiety .
the businesswoman being groped by a supervisor who thinks trump ’s treatment of women was not pathetic but copacetic will continue to have real cultural anxiety .
the young black man who fears being pulled over by a cop who views him the way trump viewed the folks who were wrongfully accused of the central park jogger attack will continue to have real cultural anxiety .
the mexican - american child whose parent was kicked out of the country by a government that prefers to have those who are brown not stick around will continue to have real cultural anxiety .
building your life around hate is probably the most retarded approach to life normal people make the best of their options they do not fixate on irrelevant things if one spends most of their life thinking about other people who runs their life
exactly !
it seems every time a black youth is killed by police , the grieving parent is the mom .
moms get recognized by black athletes but seldom is there a dad mentioned .
< user > < user > < user > < user > when the majority of the world is not white and when your nation has a slim white majority it kinda hard to not bomb varying races i d you want to be pedantic america has bombed caucasians hispanics africans south americans and asians at some point very inclusive
dear white america we gave them the vote we gave them equality we gave them our cities we gave them ebt housing affirmative action we gave them stardom multi million dollar salaries guess what they still hate you they will always hate you stop apologizing white man fight back
no papers .
just id if you want to buy a six pack , fly on an airplane , cash a check or vote .
if your a real american and   / or allowed to do those things , it should be no problem at all .
the id can easily fit where you keep your cash and or credit cards .
if your in america illegally , are a felon , are under age --- it may be a problem for you .
if those apply --- good .
how often do we vote in federal , state , and muni elections ?
once a year or less ?
unless your cheating , it should n't be a problem at all to carry id at those times .
and if you died , it 's time to stop voting as well --- though many do n't .
ask washington state --- they can tell you all about it .
many keep collecting checks after the person who 's name on the check has passed .
demanding proper id may stop that too .
haha what an idiot .
where do these nasty old women get off with their superiority complex ? ?
the ignorant racist four ... cortez , omar , tlaib , presley are flashing now because of their youth ... they will eventually burn themselves out and disappear .
god please protect us in the meantime .
@senatemajldr i hope you get put in trumps border camp , forced to drink out of your own toilette , get starved until you fall out of your f*cking turtle shell , and then get deported with your family to russia where they treat you like a reporter . #
gophuckyourself # treasonousturtle # factsmatter
why was n't jesus born in mexico ?
he could n't find < number > wise men and a virgin
a lot of citizens taking a bullet for the second amendment .
something has to change .
who will pay for the injuries and harm to these people ?
maybe the nra has a special fund for those injured fighting and dying for " their " cause .
we need a national bullet or gun tax to help these people and other people due to the great harm guns are doing to our innocent citizens who are just hanging out at concert or a street corner .
wanna play or own guns ?
pay up , a lot more .
you contribute to wetland conservation with a tax .
why not a " massacre prevention " tax at point of purchase .
tired   of this and its time for gun owners to fork out some compensation for the sacrifice of those in vegas made to protect the 2nd amendment .
where can one get this image in full resolution its the perfect emoji to use when a leftist retard says something ludicrous all the time that you can not get enough of go on amuse me more < user >
so is woman of color a royal title now ?
if you could meet two members of /r / incels which would they be ?
another fine upstanding alaskan !
" if you build it they wo n't come . "
huh , mexicans are born sappers .
you ca n't believe that 45 % rating do you ?
have n't you told us again , and again , how msm and cnn is all " fake news " ?
yet cnn has reported his approval rate is at 45 % : 
 http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/03/politics/trump-approval-flat-decades-gallup/index.html 
 so this rating must be " fake news " , right ?
mexicans murdering mexicans just like back home in mexico , and democrats want to grant these guys amnesty .
lol
the president is right .
these 4 brown communist rats should be kicked out of america .
the founding fathers were n't brown ... they were all white , remember ?
some are and some are not .
you will find that with everything in life .
but whites tend to be more raspecfull to everyone
that basketball should have raped that mayo on the spot , he even showed him that freshly broken in bussy .
like nigga get a clue !
< user > just rent an illegal alien to translate
there was an armed off - duty police officer working at the club who was both carrying a firearm and knew how to use it .
did n't make a difference .
hey look , i found a photo of all the supplies donated to hurricane harvey relief by antifa , black lives matter , and women 's march : 
 empty truck.jpg
< user > am quoting you indian specially hindus live work earn there fact they have entered that muslim dominated country legally working there legally amit shah is talking about illegal immigrants shame on you for spreading misinformation which can cause hatred sick
we have two choices this election : 
 the law and order candidate .
or 
 the black lives matter candidate .
pick one
this why i hate when my guy friends catch feelings for me it make everything weird as hell after . & #
128580 ;
fuck it i am finna start watching power w the rest of you niggers
16 hours and 7 minutes omg you guys i cant even
" " " someone suggest songs for people who just broke up with their friends , please .. wait , i 'm not saying ' please ' .. i am ordering you ! ! ! " " "
re testing police , i asked a lane county commissioner about 5 years ago if sheriff office etc .
staff tested for drugs .
he told me no - due to unions !
it could be that when initially hired they are tested but are not tested along the way , of that i am rather certain . (
if wrong , pls .
correct me .
any police on this thread ? )
about 10 years ago i did some research after reading in the rg about a n or policeman buying meth from a dealer who turned him in .
i did find several similar cases around the us and was shocked .
it is difficult to find out how many police found to have meth in their systems because when one searches for police and meth , most articles are about their busting meth heads .
worthy of an investigative journalist article .
ok , if you re talking about a band then this we can work with.the colors and design i do this for around 60 dollars.but like i said i need to wait till my new needles and colors come in .
# castrate and # deport @illegals who kill .
the fact that < number > of ypu see my tweets andjust ignore rhem is islamophobia and homophobia
funny , i never saw this much complaining about the electoral college until about a month ago ... could it be they just do n't like the winner , and if their own candidate had benefited instead they would be the group supporting it ?
i just wanted to pop in and say that i wish you in ireland the best and sincerely hope that ireland is n't too far gone before enough people wake up , see what is happening , stop it and preserve ireland .
let straights straight and dykes dyke in peace and stop being such an academic fucking sissy show off about every damn thing you are not smart you are annoying sh
< user > < user > bro need to clean that white ass tongue 😭 😭 😭
rate me in college ( at lower body fat ) ( pic )
niggas got me fucked upppp , oooooooooooo nigga got me fucked upppppppp , not today .
not the one
pretty sure that my first playthrough ( that i 'm still working on & gt;.&gt ;) is my headcannon , though character needs solidification
porn ?
masters degree in theology .
former pastor .
i left the ministry because of hypocrites like yourself .
i do n't do porn .
if you do , your thing but stop with the personal attacks and come with something relevant or move on before you 're reported and blocked .
< user > should have been removed the last time he threatened this but making laws against people brown people black people gay people female people sick people poor people homeless people refugee people is more important than protecting our democracy of the people < user >
osha also took on the passive smoking fraud and this is what came of it : 


 reference manual on scientific evidence : third edition 



  this sorta says it all 

  these limits generally are based on assessments of health risk and calculations of concentrations that are associated with what the regulators believe to be negligibly small risks .
the calculations are made after first identifying the total dose of a chemical that is safe ( poses a negligible risk ) and then determining the concentration of that chemical in the medium of concern that should not be exceeded if exposed individuals ( typically those at the high end of media contact ) are not to incur a dose greater than the safe one .
so osha standards are what is the guideline for what is acceptable '' safe levels ''
we are at meta payment systems / tci today from 11a until 130p .
we will be parked between the two buildings right along broadband ln .
studies show non whites view freedom completely different than whites for example < number > of hispanics view hate speech as an act of violence which means they would ban it their view of hate speech could be anything wake up your family and friends
well said , every word .
these libs and wickedly selfish repubicans beckoned all the latinos they could , all for cheap labor ( like slave - owners ) or to get the latino vote .
now , when it 's clear that we 've allowed this lawlessness for too long , these people blame the consequences on those who want the law enforced for america 's good .
detestable .
let`s hope senate finance faces facts and not remain married to past fiscal fixes .
this is a new paradigm and demands all hands on deck .
like mcguire , they have been all over the map .. avoiding doing their jobs, .. but boy are they busy putting up " vote for me " signs ( unless it`s the ones taking the money and running away from their mess they left us .. like stoltz and huggins etc ..
there is a very pretty girl sitting behind me in class 
 should i make an autistic ass of myself or stay silent ?
anyone else eat yorkshire puds with syrup or am i just fucked
let 's piss some normies off , talk about how we are nice and that 's a good thing .
last february , the archdiocese of mexico called america 's immigration measures to limit immigration and expel illegal immigrant criminals as " migrant terrorism " and " a true act of terror . "
so we have bishops of mexico saying it 's morally right that 15 million mexican catholics illegally entered the u.s. , that any and all mexicans have a right to u.s. citizenship , and that any legal american who objects to it is a terrorist .
this is one trippy person .
i am afraid of what these sick people are capable of .
i have already heard some very disturbing things .
we should be very concerned .
i do n't believe her prayers are of a christian heart .
she throws curses .
exactly what liberal democrats want .
they must destroy all vestiges of american pride .
we need a j.t ready on the california border .
you might try reading my original comment and see if you can figure out where you 're making errors of logic in the things i 've said and my positions .
or , keep posting unfounded assumptions and making a fool of yourself , i do n't care !
by the way , the alt - right are self professed white nationalists ( at best ) , so they are racist by their own admission .
and the grand poobah of the alt - right is trump 's main man in the white house .
and trump himself is a proven racist ( refusing to rent to blacks , among many other things ) .
so yeah , if you support trump and/or identify with the alt - right , you are supporting racists , which makes you a racist .
you are either against racism ( which means you do n't support racists ) , or you are a racist .
which one are you , ely ?
just like racist , sexist , homophobic , islamophobic etc .
well if you can come from the ghetto become a billionaire or come from another country e a muslim become president of the usa where the oppression
< user > if we avoid the brown mutt path i think humanity has to speciate the west and asians are too far ahead of the others you will always end up with a high level of segregation and discord mixing the lower populations and the gap is only accelerating
if you think climate change is a scam , then our education system has failed you .
there can be no argument made that proves it is not the greatest threat we face .
the evidence is abundant , please do your reading before posting anything .
https://climate.nasa.gov/causes/ 
 https://climate.nasa.gov/effects/ 
 https://climate.nasa.gov/scientific-consensus/
what do a baseball and a mexican have in common ?
the harder you hit it the more english you get
thank you for your feedback .
# ascendant / # mediumcoeli for baku , asb for now ( 07h58m02s ut ): 22 ° 05'26.0 '' # cancer ( ac ) / 04 ° 31'48.1 '' # aries ( mc )
what these femanazis fail to realize is that president trump has hired and cut paychecks to more women blacks latinos gays lesbians transgenders and muslims than all previous presidents combined .
let 's start a petition to ban all the fake incels who are under 18
what about an open letter to the double the number of blacks and hispanic christians who voted for trump ?
this article is trying to double down on the false idea that it was the mad white men who put trump into office .
in that sense this article is racist , because it fails to factor in the actual voting patterns among all christians .
if i have to travel , i 'll backpack it .
i 'm not a fan of her politics , and likely never will be , but this whole thing has me rooting for her .
you go omar , show them all what really defines " america " ! (
diversity of people , beliefs , ideas and ways of life united by a love for liberty and democracy ) .
i see a nation where i can walk out my front door and not feel like a minority in my own country .
i mean shit who is n't tired of these fucking spics contaminating na servers
when my girlfriend got pregnant , everything changed ... my address , my name , my phone number ...
an electric broom ?
open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education ( he hates school ) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > >
they can still serve halal food but not with arabic writing .
url
nothing compared to the mess that was left for them .
in time your going to regret fuckinv over the american people because of " morals " i 'm a fuckinv mexican and i see what 's going to happen ... invite the third world , become the third world , simple as that ... bunch of stupid ass wet backs getting their children raped and killed ... but it 's ok , let them all in and that would solve everything right ... america hating clowns
this patient is like x school is full of black people ghetto stop right there bitch self hating fuck you do not get a free pass to say racist shit because you are half black
[ nsfw ] how do you spot a virgin mexican girl ?
a 15 year old girl running faster then her father
w   h   i   t   e     p   o   w   e   r 
 h 
 i 
 t 
 e 

 p 
 o 
 w 
 e 
 r﻿
women are now against the draft since women will be included soon
they will in my parish , kag .
what a privilege to give communion to people who have been ' constructively dismissed ' by omnipotent moral busybodies , to achnowledge their suffering and to encourage them to take their rightful place amongst the sometimes broken people of god .
we 're busy though so it might have to be our female or teenaged eucharistic ministers who give them communion some sundays .
i 'm sure they will understand though .
e url url url reminding , cautioning , and warning to the muslims and the disbelievers who are turning away from the caller to the greatest bliss that is greater than the world and the hereafter url
they 'll come back in your plan , also .
plus we pay to jail them for 2 years .
with my plan , we jail them after they come back .
and deport them again .
it really does n't matter either way until we 're build the wall , and shoot the invaders as enemies when they cross the border .
< user > are you fucking retarded
legal in california killing white women illegal in california drinking raw milk buildkateswall
i 'm really sorry to say that due to the land we use being under water due to severe flooding we ' ve had to cancel the event .
as far as budget shortfalls go , each community should pay the state or hire direct their own vpso or po .
they can charge property tax or sales tax to their residents to pay for it .
in anchorage and the valley we have to pay for our pd , i do n't see why those areas should get one for free ( on the states dime ) .
if the local village / town is worried about training then i 'm sure it would be easy enough for have the state provide training and have the community pay them back .
< user > sorry had some things to do what a load of ra ra beaner bullshit i thought little dude was funny then he outs his own i d what a fucking tard talk about low level punk troll
< user > charles i also hauled them in to engineer the dykes and rhynes on the somerset levels
< user > ok imperialist hong kong is a historical part of china raped by british colonialism
< user > < user > < user > leave your brother alone time will kill all that stupidity anto na obinna
< user > not stanning the boyz is an act of violent islamophobia btw
what 's a mexicans favorite sport ?
cross country !
could be triggering but i always post pics of food on my snapchat to fool people into thinking i m eating well
found plans for redevelopment of st mary 's hospital site in # bristol .
many happy school hols spent irritating nuns there , stealing biscuits
@serfallah @dowlatzai @arshad_afridi @khushal the only daalkhor is you & your likes of gul khans .
india has a rover in outer space .
i 'd rather have them as a partner anyday over a terrorist sympathizing pm .
at least indian doctors do n't give 509 kids hiv by accident .
what a shame .
you don ’ t even cheat with no bad bitches cardi b
rt @oh_sh1 t : damn , i got bitches * kanye voice *
twitter labeled every thing i posted as " sensitive material " even a " i love puppies " meme , that s when i deleted account @viciouskynd
i just want women to look at me and think to themselves how does this bitch have a boyfriend and i do not
at least the spic did us a favor by getting dead it costs a lot of money to house one offender just so the ab or whoever can ream him out before shanking him my best wishes to the female cop who absorbed his attack
songs are considered racist but paki moslem child rape gangs are not
people are like snow ... if it 's black , brown , or yellow , do n't touch it .
when i read " calling all muslims terrorists or saying all mexicans are drug dealers and criminals " attributed to someone who did not actually say them , i think that some folks are " in desperate need of more education , common sense , humility , empathy , and critical thinking skills ! "
blm member living in detroit baltimore youngstown chicago ny la houston or any city with a large crumbling poor dependent ghetto black men women and children lifestyle
wish i could go back to school and take some computer classes and make more money sick of pay check to pay check
you apparently can say whatever you want about mexicans , hispanics & black people , but the republican party draws the line on white women .
" working for america " , say what ?
when was the last time you had your vision checked along with your hearing ?
your looking through trump colored glasses and listening to trump fake news stations , owned by trump .
what do you call a mexican without a lawnmower ?
unemployed .
as soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , i suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again .
there is a personal and directedness in her response ( in addition to the littleness of it ) , far different than making general statements about our response to god .
it looks as though my account is now restricted ... i may have to " restrict " my subscription .
if you are # ados , please stop calling yourself a person of color .
you have a distinct lineage and should n't lump your experience with others who do n't have a clue about being a black america in this country for centuries .
its the fucking number 5 trend and he posted 10 minutes ago we are legends
mfw beaners buying something at < number > < number > have a conversation with the cashier in spanish
wow you racist son of a biscuit eater .
" white folks have been ripping up for years " !
fyi there is a very high percentage of those " folks ripping up " are hispanic , native americans and black .
so do n't give all the credit / blame to one race .
of course , president elect trump might end up looking like a fool if he sticks with the flem he pushed as a candidate .
wink , wink , nudge , nudge .
" m.a.m.o.n. - latinos vs .
donald trump short film " 

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q__bsi5rblw
< user > i am not saying you are wrong but lesbians are a bit boring to me
all liberals christians conservatives soldiers nationalsocialists feminists gays libertarians trumpters etc want money to be happy and therefore were in reaility national capitalists nc that s the narrative jews do nt want you to hear because it would unite us vs them
< user > we learned our lesson the first yr the demanazis courts will not happen again
until women the queer community have rights what exactly are we independent from
< user > < user > left pseudo seculars indirectly and the madarsa jihadis they are everywhere watch for them
so , you like neo - nazis , huh ?
< user > what if you get raped or the condom breaks
am i the only person on the planet that thinks ed sheerans galway gal is a shite song seriously its a bad copy of the real galway gal
fucked around and messed with you now i m playing for it .
these niggas suck .
shit like this is what leads to civil war cuomo and his pedo son along with the rest of the muzzie lovers need to wake the fuck up
< user > it ’ black refugees speaking at the protest themselves and addressing their issues
too bad so many are accused but no proof has been presented in court .
remember the thousands of times the liberals screamed " innocent until proven guilty ? "
now that the shoe has turned , they are acting like the vipers they are !
people are losing their jobs , for accusations thirty years ago .
people are accused but not tried .
what 's going on ?
and all popped up right around election time !
hypocrites !
i told 'em i wish i would , i fuck her in the butt , go douche
the rape of our children by pakis is a call to arms brexit < date > < time > < number > mps arrested for treason pakistani community expelled from the uk
congratulations ..... you look 10 years younger and strangely smarter - or is it wiser ?
all jews in senate there < number > who have dual citizenship it would be no whites or non jew in gov read protocols of the elders of zion
there are biologically two genders irrespective of what people identify as .
sometimes nature goes a little of course but even so those people are still made up of male and female parts .
how many genders people identify as is irrelevant to the fact that factually there 's only two genders .
girl : : you ca n't be mexican !
you 're too pretty to be mexican .
you must be something else .
guy : : see , i told you she was something else .
beaners are keen to violence just ask the inquisitors conquistadors and spanish communists
what do you call a mexican rapist ?
all too common .
very short nose for a hispanic whilst arabs also have long noses moroccans and north africans tend not to he could be from the middle east but it would be an outrageous construction for the cops
have you sources for this misinformation ?
i 'd be glad to review it .
i ca n't find the connections you allege in any on - line medical journals or veterinary​ sources .
white kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...
rt @nerdatcooltable : rt @realsheembacc : for every bad bitch there is a nigga who treats them like shit & amp ; yet they stay ..... i wanna ...
we need a canada wide set of rebate policies on evs , hybrids , hydrogen in cars , buses and trains .
morning faggots and men sexualsundays letshavesex findom double dd100 cashfagsuk01 kik sessions < user > findom
the problem neko , is that whites are often called racist without information to support the charge .
" if the shoe fits " works for me , too .
problem is , as grampa used to say , " if is a big word . "
i really want to know where you could the best grilled cheese from & # 128553 ; it 's officially in my bucket list
his supporters with racist aliases .
mexicans are rapists .
ban muslims .
why are all these hispanics desperate to come to the us ?
because they ruined all their home countries over time .
@marathiputra she 's claims to be christian ( baptist ? )
african - american and will continue to do so .
even though her father is a jamaican immigrant , and she was raised by a divorced tamil - hindu mother .
the u of nike ducks are running scared .
why are they not playing usc this year ? ? ? ? ? ?
how do you stop racial bias ?
most of the time it 's in the eye of the beholder .
you stopped me because _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .
what does collecting data have to do with anything .
in the city of denver , the east side officers are going to have black stops , the west side hispanic , the south west - white .
i 'm not sure what collecting that will entail and prove ?
aurora is the same way , so is thornton , it 's called demographics .
unless the auditor thinks that only straight white men should be stopped , this is a waste of time and   just an attempt to triumph on recent events .
betsy devos will make a great education secretary .
good for her if she has never attended a government school .
btw , president obama 's children do not attend a public school , neither does former senator mark begich 's child .
do you have a problem with that ?
this is eerily similar to what i 'm going through right now , but luckily i 'm in a much more inclusive environment .
two days ago i first came out to one of my female friends who is also bi , and to say it went well would be an understatement .
what is the correct response to people having sex in my bed , whilst i am out , for " a joke " ?
laws regarding immigration system is nt going to keep the dems from circumventing the system by breaking the law to allow mass immigration of muslims mexicans only < number > thing can be done to stop mass immigration start throwing dems in jail until that happens immigrants will flow like water
did they convert or why have n't you eradicated this filth from the earth ?
deport hogg wetback dyke
hating beaners is so easy
lest restore it and reverse its purpose by taking the blacks back to africa
tfw how the daily stormer protects a spic like he some kind of god
people are too willing to blame the muslims for everything instead of bothering to search for the truth the ordinary muslim is as much a victim as we are seek and find
fuck < user > it seriously so lame here my guns pics and my bbq grill said the maga hat wearing redneck via fb post who gives a shit about facebook anymore
congratulations from my wife and i our country needs more white women and white men like you and your husband and your children this is a white nation and it belongs to people likeyou and your family
did you know : no one has ever won the par three tournament and the masters tournament in the same year . #
masters
i am just getting exhausted begging you to define race so far you have presented an article which you claim proves that blue eyes define caucasians so are blue eyed detroit blacks caucasians
when i get sad i get like a stupid amount of sad and it just fucks everything up for a while
no they need to hate on their own race us whites need to condemn other ehites who murder for racial reasons and blacks need to accept the same eith their inner city problems and shootings .
why are pills white ?
cause they work .
when america was white no ghettos no handouts almost no taxes no men of color trying to have sex with your < number > year old daughter almost no crime the left says the white communities must die out
wow !
what a beautiful meaningful video showcasing some of the struggles lgbtq people have to go through .
as a bi filipina / white , with fairly traditional parents as sexuality goes , it 's hard to not feel completely accepted for who i am , or told that bisexuality is not valid .
i am interested in establishing an all white nation no jews no blacks no wetbacks no asians
just ordered < number > legs and a breast from kfc < allcaps > or as i like to call it .
< repeat > he amputee breast cancer orgy
simple reminder that it is okay to be thankful for what you have been blessed with , and it is more than okay to travel to third world countries to spread the love of god to those who do not have access . "
everyone to whom much was given , of him much will be required . "
luke 12:48
do n't talk to me , rapist trash
flavio , you may not think you do n't receive anything in return , but there are police , fire & ambulance at your call .
if you rent , you are paying property tax in your rent to fund schools and education , possibly road repairs , water & sewer upgrades which are all conveniences for personal comfort and sanitation .
it 's very similar to supporting a church with your tithes or giving , you can be putting god before and in many others lives , feeding the poor and hungry , providing help to those without in many various forms .
whoa , i did n't think you 'd listen to this kind of music .
it 's nearly all the same as mine !
this is unhinged denial .
you are comparing the bither issue , and uninformed voters , and some conspiracies to an actual shooting of a republican and the desired to shot more republicans .
congrats @gadget_helpline your blog has been selected as one of the top 65 gadget blogs on the web by @_feedspot https://t.co/y1xqtmx4d7
make iran great again! ... get rid of the radical islam regime !
thanks miriam .
yes there those of us white women who try to be aware and write of other cultures , other races , other genders .
sometimes it works , sometimes not .
i think it requires responsibility and true and strong insight of your own perspectives 
 that being said - i would talk to your prof about the syllabus .
it needs to be way more inclusive like maybe belle hooks - fath ringold - john witmer - wesley lowry 
 one needs to see writing from both sides other and same .
when i write if my own culture , i inherently want to self censure 
 and am always afraid of spilling the bones .
philip roth and chaim potok had similar issues to my own .
also many works are out of print for various reasons .
gwendolyn brooks had a sonnet cycle about african american wwi soldiers coming home .
it 's easier for me to do research on other groups not my own - if i do mine i get caught in cultural shoulds and shouldn'ts .
good luck on your own research and work .
dig deep and hard .
we could meet at the border and if the wetbacks are not turned back ram into them with trucks kill more beaners faster that way
@primcbly sguro it talks about a woman supporting her partner 😅
imagine thinking you 're actually being oppressed when people are calling for other races to be exterminated with memes ...
let 's see , what would the party line response be .... 

 oh yeah :  

 " they should stop feeling entitled to our tax dollars and expecting the government to fix things for them , and they should go out and find a job , or move somewhere else where they can find a job .
they can send money home to their families like the illegal criminal hispanics and t*rr*rist muslims do .
after all , education and job training is n't a right and the rest of us should n't have to pay for it .
the local church should take care of them . "
i can only shake my head at the short - sightedness .
that leaped off the page at me too .
i do n't think there is a more disagreeable statement than " obviously we are an inclusive party . "
that 's the republican mantra , that you can produce a minority republican and they can go " see !
we do n't blow racist dog whistles constantly ! "
it glosses over the severe lacking of diversity that plagues them , and actually is their death - knell .
you 've got a candidate in trump that has given up on the latino vote .
he 's trashed women with sexist blathering .
he 's ripped on veterans .
it goes on and on .
the republican party is the exact polar opposite of an " inclusive party . "
nuke the border area , nuke algeria , nuke morocco , nuke the un
the chanel prop with the all white fur sheesh
@alakatezam i 'm pansexual , and for me it just means that i 'm attracted to someone 's personality and emotions no matter the sex or how they identify ; whereas bisexuals usually have preference over sex / identifications .
hope this helps 💕
i would rather click on your bio , see your own thoughts , your take on articles you 've linked that interested you , or your own quoted replies to others ' posts that interest you , than just a simple repost of somebody else 

 your thoughts are much more fascinating to me , i can find theirs if i want
sending thoughts and prayers to all the boba asians in this difficult time
and fuck anyone who 's not from america
yeah i m a faggot and what are you disrespectful i d rather be a faggot than a disrespectful child any day
1 .
as i recall , the first world leader to congratulate president trump on his election was israel 's terrorist - in - chief , benny netanyahu .
the first latin american leader to visit trump was peru 's president pedro pablo kuczynski , who 's literally a " jewish banker . "
he worked for the world bank and international monetary fund , which are known for exploiting poor people around the world .
2 .
regarding conspiracy theory , some people think many neo - nazis are in fact working for the jews .
3 .
i 'm not an anti - semite ; i have nothing against arabs .
i 'm an anti - jewarchist .
thank you juergen i submitted this quickly for clarity to your comment 
 
 " i am not sure what you mean " 

 luke 18:8 

 and he also told this parable to some people who trusted in themselves that they were righteous , and viewed others with contempt : 10“two men went up into the temple to pray , one a pharisee and the other a tax collector .
11“the pharisee stood and was praying this to himself : ‘ god , i thank you that i am not like other people : swindlers , unjust , adulterers , or even like this tax collector .
12‘i fast twice a week ; i pay tithes of all that i get . ’
13“but the tax collector , standing some distance away , was even unwilling to lift up his eyes to heaven , but was beating his breast , saying , ‘ god , be merciful to me , the sinner ! ’
14“i tell you , this man went to his house justified rather than the other ; for everyone who exalts himself will be humbled , but he who humbles himself will be exalted . ”
kevin your brother 
 in christ
don , do n't get our hopes up .
what happens when popeye 's runs out of chicken youtube - popeyes freakout ( ghetto vers .
the incompetent republican traitors continue the march to place the nation and world at risk while they put in place their personal looting system .
the entire traitorous republican party should be extradited to wherever their ancestors came from , starting with the lead german , der fuehrer trump .
… ( cont’d from above ) … 

 in a controversial case in 1989 that ’s been characterized as a modern - day lynching , four black teenagers and one latino teenager — the " central park five " — were accused of attacking and raping a jogger in new york city .
trump immediately took charge in the case , running an ad in local papers demanding that the teens be executed with the headline , " bring back the death penalty .
bring back our police ! "
the teens ’ convictions were later vacated after their innocence was scientifically proven and the city paid them a $ 41 million settlement as compensation for their 7 - 13 years of wrongful imprisonment … yet the xenophobic trump said just this past october that he still believes the black teens were guilty , despite the dna evidence to the contrary !
( cont'd below ) ...
fembot tlgbt function - eliminate all alpha males and induce soy consumption .
tinder was founded by degenerate jews who have been sued by their coworkers for sexual harassment , the more you know .
yeah , i mean it 's totally unheard of for a player to go through an adjustment period when signing a big contract with a new team like andersen did in the first month , right ?
p ryan plays his part well for the democrat agenda , let 's face it , what has he done for you and me ?
👹
@tonyposnanski send that brother f*cker back to her shithole country ! !
of course the star bends the truth to fit their own prejudice .
thomas walkom is the master of truth bending and this article is nothing more than a vile and ugly rant .
nowhere does leitch state that country of origin is the issue , it is individual beliefs that matters .
that , of course , is one of the major differences between people like me and social justice warriors , i judge people by who they are as individual and sjw look at individuals as members of a groups .
some pretty good evidence summarized here from university of waterloo .
https://uwaterloo.ca/propel/news/world-no-tobacco-day   in my opinion , companies would n't be spending all this time and money on pack design etc if it were n't a viable way to convey a message .
the enemy is those who think committing treason against our country is justified by a select group of men with small hands ! ! ! ! !
can i get a hell ya ? !
obama 's administration was certainly cozy with the neo - banderite movement in ukraine .
what a bunch of bull .
how much money is spent on this crap ?
send back to where they came from .
these people come here illegally with nothing .
they are not imunized therefore bringing in tb , scabbies who knows what .
how many are gang members ?
i bet ms13 is recruiting as i type this .
all being paid for by our hard earned tax dollars .
what about the homeless american ?
lailat al miraj mubarak to all muslims .. i 'm wishing for everyone 's peace & prosperity 🤲 🏻
the bible ?
i was talking about the qur'an , you infidel !
may allah bless you , i fear you are too far gone now .
that is because asians and whites are prejudiced and do not being laying up with ghetto rats well i am okay you are okay whitish liberal trust fund babies do not count
and you know how many possible terrorist incidents were stopped before they happened , do you ?
did you work for the security services in gov't ?
the fact that islam is being usurped to brainwash adherents to commit terrorist acts is cause for all of us to be cautious .
do you deny the white supremacists want to be rid of anyone not just like them , and that they believe the deaths of jews , blacks , and latinos would be just fine ?
they try to rape me but when people ca n't notice but they abuse me while they notice why they do n't rape me ?
i would like to appeal to jesus christ as well who is quoted in 3 gospels ( twice in matt ) that remarriage is equivalent to adultery .
jesus was super permissive with regard to aspects of the mosaic law .
his interpretation of the sabbath is far more liberal than that of the pharisees and current orthodox judaism .
he is also permissive in his refusal to apply the mosaic law to those caught in adultery .
instead of death he offers mercy , forgiveness and the command to sin no more .
the church follows suit in both cases , lax in its interpretation of the sabbath and just as merciful to the adulteress offering mercy in the confessional rather than the death penalty of mosaic law .
in other cases , like marriage and sexual conduct in general jesus was far more rigid .
no divorce , no remarriage .
adultery is broadened to include lustful desires of the heart .
the church follows suit again calling humanity to carry out the lord 's commands .
a person must ponder jn 6:67 " do you also want to leave ? "
yes i have noticed this too where i live .
in no order : 

 irs punishing conservative groups , dnc - awan spy / blackmail crimes , dnc - sanders nomination rigging , uranium 1 approval , haiti - clinton foundation , trump dossier used for illegal surveillance , russian racketeering w clinton uranium , illegal unmasking of ilegally surveilled trump campaign members , emails , obstruction of justice : destruction deleting and destroying both correspondence and devices ,   emails not secured allowed exposure of national secrets , clinton crime foundation , fbi coverup of russian bribery re ; uranium purchases , fbi coverup clinton email investigation , obstruction of justice fbi dismissal clinton email investigation , obstruction of justice clinton - lynch tarmac meeting , 

 part 1 ( my hands getting tired )
painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt , and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen . #
aldubkstoursaus
you all need to spit onika cock right out your faggot ass mouths
normally i just ignore gop solicitations but i really should start returning them with a note that says fuck you ask one of your pet beaners for some money
do gay guys face a much discrimination 
 hello , i am a white gay male , do gay men face as much discrimination and sexism as straight men do ?
< user > < user > if saying nigger to someone makes them respond violently that person has no place in society violent animals belong in cages when is the last time you heard kike or faggot or any other slur as the basis for violence words are just words sticks and stones etc
girl : : you ca n't be mexican !
you 're too pretty to be mexican .
you must be something else .
guy : : see , i told you she was something else .
jongin no homo but you are cute kyungsoo no homo but your dick was in my ass last night
i bet overtly was invented by jews 🖕 😡 🖕
i am big for restorative practices but this bitch really thought her white privilege and being a cop was gon na get her off fuck her amber guyger blm
my scientist can beat the living life out of your scientist on any day .
the more i read about dumb violent things do , like beating up two women bc they would n't kiss for them .. the gayer i become # pride2019
someone please tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the mexicans and or other hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on good working people .
you look like you jack off to pictures of chris kyle .
i think the uk is more of a lost cause than the us .
london has made tons of concessions to non whites .
i have been making it a point to read more stories with lesbians other queer protagonists because i still experience random gay guilt as i am recovering from years of family conservative christianity it very validating healing to read stories that reflect your existence
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
robo is a nigger , your the filthy wetback suck his asshole .
he s gon na peel your mushroom cap back blue
more bureaucratic bumbling .
rep. todd rokita , r - ind , said dao bears some responsibility for ignoring orders from law enforcement officers before being dragged off the plane .
todd fails to understand dao was traveling with his wife .
ua saw nothing wrong with kicking off the husband , leaving wife on the plane .
what is wrong with this picture ?
todd needs to admit his utter incompetence , start flying like the average citizen to see what the real world is like .
sad to say just another legend in his mind bureaucrat .
its sunday !
round these vermin up and deport them to the middle of the atlantic ocean .
that way they wo n't be back .
the atlanta airport   blackout was because lines were cut .
this mexican nigger is such a fucking faggot
you do n't know your church history at all if you think it did n't argue against heliocentrism in favour of  
 geocentrism .
your arguing just emphasizes your ignorance of history .
the catechism is filled with ignorant statements targeting women and the lgbt community .
again , your denial highlights the depth of your ignorance in these matter .
the church is growing percentage wise in africa and the asia - pacific regions but declining dramatically in the west and latin america .
fuck brazil shithole ass place with shithole ass people .
race mixing is and has been a huge problem for of kin for many many years , how on earth are you supposed to protect women who think its ok in the first place ?
personally i d like to see widespread public discussions and academic research concerning the holocaust without icke and rense please i am confident the science and historic record will back up the official narrative < user > ‍
< user > < user > democrats welcome illegal alien rapists because the democrats have no respect for women they only care for power
is that some american insult cancer is a bitch and i am collecting you are a fucking twat with rotting baby teeth
yeahhhhh sorry white nationalism is kinda fucked up that way .
url - news / united - states / meet - the - hispanic - white - supremacist - in - southern - californias - alt - right - movement
it a bitch to find i accidently opened it how i did it was i opened a list and pressed the top of the first post i will get you the screenshot
or abuse their husbands or boyfriends .
some articles estimate that about 1/3 of the victims are men .
https://www.helpguide.org/articles/abuse/help-for-men-who-are-being-abused.htm
these freshman in the bathroom having a blacks cypher 🥴 diploma me plz this shit ghetto dawg
i do n't love my hoes i love a couple not all & # 128514;&#128514 ;
if you do n't speak english you are a illegal imigrant .
i will have police at farms , landscaping business , , construction jobs any where most illegal imigrant work .
no welfare for you .
trump need to tell them we did n't you to our party !
we got plenty good workers .
how would an atheist " worship the idea that god is bad " if he / she lacks a belief in said gods ?
that to me makes the statement nonsense .
you ca n't feel something is good or bad if you do n't think it exists .
as far as " feeling a sense of community and a place refuge " , you do n't need religion to do that ..... you need community .
real ... world .... community .
how someone can seek solice in make believe friends , and gather together with folks who also allow themselves to make believe as well , and think that 's perfectly fine is beyond me .
now nik omar is da man perfect timing awesome strategy tetiba semua orang suka religious man atheist pon mungkin masuk islam nanti
it 's official , my followers like to suck girls cock 💦 💦
the homosexuals .
@quancyclayborne they should be put in cages on our southern border to await their upcoming deportation .
it does not make anyone respect you anymore when you boast how amazing your life is on social media , humble yourself ...
i can not stand straight white women who think women ’ only purpose is to birth children
eat the chocolate , lick the lolipop ... my mom was cool when i grew up .
she made me feel things .
the classification of marijuana as a schedule i drug was alw”ays bogus with no scientific justification .
marijuana criminalization was a racist act .
harry anslinger , commissioner of the federal bureau of narcotics stated :   “ there are 100,000 total marijuana smokers in the u.s. , and most are negroes , hispanics , filipinos and entertainers .
their satanic music , jazz and swing result from marijuana use .
this marijuana causes white women to seek sexual relations with negroes , entertainers and any others . ” “
reefer makes darkies think they ’re as good as white men .
a couple of white wives having a fun time with a gang of bulls # hotwife # cuckold # cuck # queenofspades # slutwife # qos # xxx # cuckoldgoals # blackbull # snowbunny # interracial # hotel # gangbang # orgy # hubbyrecording # bigblackcock url
this is wonderful .
i have always considered myself straight until now .
twy :   we 're both too damn old to wrestle .
let 's just have lunch and talk about the weather .... oh , wait , with global warming ..... that 's taboo as well .
how about just talking about woodworking .... so far that one is safe .
cheers , gary crum
trump accuses sessions of being very " weak " on going after hilary clinton ?
huh ?
his hypocrisy knows no bounds .
it is always amazing how easily he contradicts himself with no seeming memory of what he has done or said before .
from a news story of nov. 22 , 2016 : " but now that he actually will be president , trump says he wo n't recommend prosecution of clinton , who he told new york times reporters has " suffered greatly . "
what 's more , he said the idea of prosecuting clinton is " just not something i feel very strongly about . "
bitch bitch bitch .
super bitch
a black and a mexican are in a car , who 's driving ?
the cop
keep em on the phone long enough , disagree a little .
can you honestly tell me that if hillary clinton was now president even though donald trump won the popular vote you would hold that position ?
you 'd have to have some type of brain injury to publicly write and share a letter celebrating a known racist
# pridemonth2019 is a celebration of : gay lesbian bisexual pansexual asexual trans genderfluid non - binary gender non - conforming and many other things !
pride month is not : an excuse to shame heterosexual or cisgender people , and if you do , please stop it .
~a pansexual transgirl
i see a nation where i can walk out my front door and not feel like a minority in my own country .
damn straight , in fact mayor piercy and the liberal city councilors need to march right over to the jail and demand his release !
and if the evil sheriff wo n't comply , a candle light protest with drum circle and of course medical herb party favors should be the order of the mayor .
how dare , how dare the evil authorities jail anyone with a hispanic - sounding name in progressive sanctuary eugene .
i totally agree with you .
one should not bother others with their religious activities .
if that would be legal , then one can make up a religion that suggest killing others .
" take action in teaching traditions of ahlulbayt ع to your children before the corrupted persons precede in corrupting them . " _ _
imam sadiq ع url
her name is zarin khan from bangladesh
to everyone going through any struggle or pain right now , keep your head up , and keep on smiling , you 'll get through it .
at :   the " sticks and stones " argument is a weak attempt to excuse verbal attacks on others .
it 's much like gba 's favorite " grow some skin " .
it 's saying it 's ok to insult others , to make ad hominem attacks , to make crass , crude remarks ..... the recipient should just " tolerate " it .
after all ,   " sticks and stones will break my bones , but names will never hurt me " .
so , african americans should tolerate being called n#@%^ , women should tolerate being called " c$ % % ^s " , latinos should tolerate being called " s@#^ " or " b$% # " , and calling liberals " libtards " is just fine .
yes , indeed folks , we should all just " man up " and let others insult us all they want .
you do n't really mean that , do you ?
i 'd be interested in your view .
thanks , gary
do not forget to kill yourself
why do nt anti vaxxers do nt believe doctors ?
they think staying alive for 8 years impossible .
well he had these fancy rune tattoos , was wearing a shirt from a band called " rahowa " ( which i 've recently discovered stands for " racial holy war " ) a shaved bald head and he called my girlfriend a " chink " which led to me kicking his ass .
i mean , maybe it 's a bit of a shot in the dark , but i punched that guy quite a few times and i 'm fairly certain he was a nazi .
go build a toilet or two for your street shitting brethren and whilst at it take a shower too you smelly shitskin scum
there are some women who are strong willed women and yet remain good mothers and wives .
< user > he got banned retard
but i thought latinas had personality .
we are one of the most intimidating and athletic people alive with strict training even a ghetto gangbanger can reach spec ops level it true we are hardy folk
" virtue signalling " like " alt left " is a term coined by , interestingly enough , the self proclaimed " alt right " to demean and diminish efforts at social justice .
the right thrives on systemic inequality because it perpetuates the hegemony of " white " males .
fellas , it 's over .
you 've had er pretty good for 500 years , but at the end of it all , the best you could do was donald trump .
sorry .
i 'm someone who can only speak english , but i would n't care if our pm could only speak french ( as long as they were a good leader ) .
diversity is very important for < user > that why she does not just date tall nerdy white dudes she will also give lanky geeky caucasians or towering european dweebs a try
how to stop black kids jumping on your bed ?
easy .
put velcro on the ceiling .
bonus : how to get them down ?
tell the mexican kids is a piñata .
this money could have been used to take care of poor children or homeless in bc .
shameful !
not even booking lukaku for gobbing off ... letting them get away with fucking murder today
< user > i am a brit if you are talking about florida looks like he was a muzzie despite the wetback name
< user > < user > how is the a nazi please explain just realised you are the same mongoloid that made a fake account of her as well strange behaviour no wonder you can not wrap your head around a democratic vote
set up ' authorized zones ' .
places where homeless have to go , put up tents or tarps while social services look for permanent solutions .
society should condone people squatting on public land permanently .
even pinky says she has no intention of ever leaving the boat harbor .
water , toilet facilities and trash bins need to be installed in any encampment and the state needs to regulate them , even the boat harbor .
those kids need to know that there are alternatives to that lifestyle .
they have not had their full wake up call , ; it 's no way this country will be turned over to mexican and south americans and muslims from the middle east !
the day of enlightenment is here to stay , they 're going to fill the burn ! ! !
why the wifey type girls single and the hoes being cuffed though ?
fuck this fat mexican bitch .
jizz down her throat then call ice for deportation
new law called the hillsborough law must be used first for the cover up by pms mps councillors social services police over the rape of < number > million white children raped by paki muslims
i pulled a sickie the other day one of the benefits of working at the hospital
_ " do you think before you write ? " _ --
ryanc in response to another inane comment by 4:20 

 ryanc : you could have stopped at : " do you think ? "
the answer 's pretty obvious .
-- paul
i often like to play a game i call " if the races were reversed " i imagine if a white male had shot a latina his ass would be in prison for life 😒
when you go to the grocery store , shop around the edges because that 's where you can find fresh produce , dairy , proteins and exits for when a white supremacist enters with an assault rifle to kill you in cold blood .
talk about an inside baseball opinion .
we have the least diverse media in the world , diverse meaning diversity of opinion .
most of our media outlets simply read the latest government announcement and are aligned with the liberal party .
the cbc is the prime example but the private broadcasters are n't much better .
the national post might be the exception .
the us has a much more diverse media .
the problem is many people only consume media that they agree with .
in the information age , people tend to only follow anything they agree with .
we should somehow challenge people to consume media and information from many sources with different slates then build their own opinion .
what ’s the difference between and alcoholic and a necrophiliac ?
what they mean when they say they ’re ‘ cracking open a cold one ’
i hope you burn in the sun until you 're a tiny faggot piece of bacon
happy trans day of visibility buddy , i 've celebrated by going to my local transgender pride , protesting our rights .
i would appreciate it if you could possibly think about these three things bubba : 1 .
you 're shooting way too high if you think you can get with her .
2 .
she 's not just a piece of ass you can play games with , she 's a talented , beautiful girl that happens to be taken 3 .
gotcha bitch url
fuck , i wanna fuckin , like , thrust my dick into dora , man .
i wanna fucking eat her little fresh pink pussy out until she moans in that cute little spanish voice of hers , before breaking her cute little untouched hymen with my monster 16 inch long cock .
i wanna play with her tiny little toes and lick them all over as i fingerbang her virgin child pussy as roughly as i can .
god i wanna fuck that pink little asshole so bad .
fuck !
the alleged perps are white , black , hispanic .
their legal statuses were n't discussed .
would you feel more superior if they were illegal ?
that creature on the left she won the ghetto lottery with that one my goodness talk about lucking out maybe she his second wife hence the wedding dress if that the case please do not breed honey please please please
kill all the men
thank you paul for your thoughts .
i am encouraged to see mostly civil thoughtful comments as well .
starting somewhere with this debate is crucial .
mental health does play a role in gun violence , as does domestic violence , abundance and ease of access firearms making it a convenient solution to conflict resolution , and of course more recently is the religious ideological war being waged .
this i am confident will increase over time if it remains so easy to attain firearms .
we need to continue the debate regarding the evolving gun culture in this country .
one place to start is to understand the answer to this question .
what is the primary purpose of firearms ?
so far no one i have asked has responded correctly .
they exist to take life .
something not to be taken lightly as any reasonable person would agree .
changing how we think about firearms and our culture is crucial .
no change in either legislation , and our culture is not acceptable .
our culture is capable of change as history shows .
yeah ... lets kill as many children as we can ... for that matter why do n't we bomb the areas where we have them caged up ... cheap and easy solution to the border problem ... yeah killing is definitely the answer
numbersusa : 

 " roy beck , the executive director of numbersusa , which pushes for reducing immigration , said the deal that mr. trump envisioned , like previous grants of amnesty , would bolster both illegal and legal immigration levels , flooding the american labor market .

incels are annoying and dumb but it is just as bad
this mexican nigger is such a fucking faggot
there were three people on a bridge ... a mexican , a russian and an american .
the russian takes a bottle of vodka throws it in the river and says , " we have too much of this in my country . "
then the mexican throws a taco of the bridge and says , " we have too much of this in my country . "
then the american picks up the mexican , throws him into the river and says , " we have too many of these in my country . "
in the current saga of feminism cannibalizing itself where black and mestiza women are attacking white women one complaint is that more attention wasn t given to a retarded film called mudbound lmao white women we welcome you to join the alt right whitefeminism
what do mexicans feed their kids for a bubble bath beans
tan communism is misunderstood france is the only man from queer eye i trust now
@carolin10040488 what you 're actually supporting is making your children and grandchildren hated minorities in their own homelands .
history will view people like you as cowards and fools who threw away the future of their people and nation because they opposed " rascism " .
and we are now on the precipice of another fucking retarded war that even more insane and again based on questionably flimsy of evidence
@caityflowers _ we 'll see if your dick suckers can talk all that shit when i see you lol you know what is it and ai n't with me lol .
weird ass bitch
what 's the difference between donald trump and adolf hitler ?
donald trump is actually going to finish a race .
did you ever think they 're using the media and democratic party for exactly that ?
is it just a strange coincidence that the feral dindu in america wanna kill us like their cousins are doing to the white south africans
bitch u retarded
with 9 % of precincts reporting  
 roy moore 50,524 votes 52 % 
 doug jones 44,878 votes 46 % 

 moore is leading .
fear of inflation is oversold .
if inflation increases , so will interest rates .
staying safe is safe .
stop trying to scare oldsters into equities when the stock markets have never been higher .
at least you 're stupid enough to be funny .
most of the chuds on this subreddit just come here to cry about how they 're being oppressed for wanting to say n\*gger f\*ggot on the internet and how the jews gave them their ringworm or whatever it is you meth addicts in your rat infested backwaters , get .
check out : sad ☹ @clspoetry ❝ he makes me want to write poetry ❞ rnrn i 'm c.s. & amp ; these are my tweetsrnrn
every half - breed cop in america is trying to rape white women .
eat pussy and take care of your mental health
not wanting illegal immigrants makes you a bigot apparently .
yeah just let them in our countries hahah what 's the worst they could do hahaha
nothing compared to the mess that was left for them .
a white guy running food cart that sells " latin " chicken ?
what are latinos not good enough for wweek to make latin chicken ?
first nations leaders , now that 's an oxymoron .
good point , but on the other hand i raise you this : fuck persians .
well i m glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h - e - l - l
women are now against the draft since women will be included soon
white dudes be having they high school and college graduation year in the bio with their < number > lame ass homies as the pic lmao
this week here in oklahoma city a man killed a white man and raped his wife in another home invasion the victims are almost always white and the thug is either black or hispanic whites are not safe anywhere in big cities
< user > one last time skippy the white house released the notes on your treasonous conversation with zelensky your own white house they must hate you so much to have done that
< user > this is racist act against moslem < user > < user >
[ nsfw ] how do you spot a virgin mexican girl ?
a 15 year old girl running faster then her father
we all better hope texas mom and florida man do n't get together and make babies ...
it may be that i am in california they are mostly wetback catholics disgusting hostile creatures no matter what god they pray to
questions that enable people to learn are always welcomed .
i dunno .... i used to be catholic but find the episcopal church to be welcoming , open to people of all sexual persuasion , respectful of women , married clergy ( including women ) , and it offers as well a full liturgical mass ( not to mention homilies that are often quite excellent ) .
and , lest i forget , each diocese elects its own bishop - the one change that , i think , might have a huge and beneficial impact on the rc church .
" what lies ? "
trump lies more often than not .
https://www.google.ca/#q=trump+fact+check & *
someone 's already leaked the draft background investigation form team trump is drafting .
there 's only one question .
q : are you white ?
hi @harry_styles ! '
sign of the times ' is incredible !
i 'm really proud of you , you 're amazing .
i love you , angel .
mind following me ? & #
127775 ; 141
til that of all the rape cases fully tried in delhi in 2013 , over 40 % dealt with consensual sex , usually involving the elopement of a young couple and the girl ’s parents subsequently charging the boy with rape and another 25 % dealt with “ breach of promise to marry ” • /r / todayilearned
here is the part i do not get sweden drove assange to the embassy because they wanted to pursue a rape prosecution against him yet they look the other way when their native women are savagely raped and brutalized by immigrant animals why
this week here in oklahoma city a man killed a white man and raped his wife in another home invasion the victims are almost always white and the thug is either black or hispanic whites are not safe anywhere in big cities
same sex marriages have been recognized in illinois since 2012 or 13 .
are you attractive ?
do you have a strong frame ?
go game all of them and fuck the one who takes the most interest .
be attractive , not unattractive and you literally ca n't go wrong .
@anjumkiani @rausichy @officialdgispr what they did ?
torture .
yes , they tortured the population of east pakistan .
nd now about feb 2019 and after that .
i heard that ik has asked to cut down on number of rotis .
am i right ?
latina bruta , joannes .
but we get the idea ....
i allowed to their acquaintance begun , for a crowd of friendship for we shall always spoken of their engagement with difficulty
" i have cried almost every episode of " " 13 reasons why " " & # 128557;&#128557;i highly recommend watching it with a box of tissues "
canada has a long history of helping out other countries , both conservative and liberal governments have done so .
this is initiative is for $ 20 million , harper gave about $ 3 billion for his maternal and child health legacy project .
the somalian immigrant worries about his gibs what little amount of worry his puny frontal lobes allow him to have since he is literally unable to think of the future as he assaults the respectable hard working white people whose taxes will pay for his generous gibs
need details 

 how many jobs in " public service " ?
how many jobs in construction and services supporting the real estate bubble " false economy " ?
how many jobs are low tech minimum wage in food , retail and hospitality industry ?
how many high paying technical   jobs , in resources , manufacturing , technology ?
need details please
do n't worry , oregon gov kate brown is providing free abortions for illegal aliens courtesy of oregon taxpayers .
some kinda hate   for latino babies goin on there .
" kate hate " ?
aca = train wreck
what did palestinian shaggy say when the jews occupied his land “ zoinkst ”
charles wohlforth why do n't you apply for a job at the huffington post .
they run a continuing trump slam site for hillary .
i think you would fit right in .
you do n't have to be so negative , you know .
trump has n't a chance .
his move to the policy of protecting the interests of native - born or established inhabitants against those of immigrants has trumped his political ambition .
the blacks and hispanics are voting in mass for hillary .
so unless the white race votes in mass for trump it is very unlikely he can win .
this election is all about race for the blacks and hispanics .
so unless the whites are as racist as the blacks and hispanics trump is doomed .
i do n't think whites are racist enough to elect trump .
til a cdc study claims more men are victims of partner abuse than women : todayilearned
< user > charles i also hauled them in to engineer the dykes and rhynes on the somerset levels
more futures contracts benefiting from a bond price increase versus those benefiting from a bond price decline ?
not that i care , but i question that math .
i believe every futures contract is a zero sum game where one speculator or hedger wins and the other loses the exact same amount ( and both pay commissions ) .
i do not believe there is such a thing as there being more contracts that benefit from one direction or the other in the futures market .
it is a zero sum game . (
unlike stocks which is a whole ' nother story ) .
perhaps this can be explained in a future column . (
no pun intended )
yeah that really cool and all but it turns out women niggers spics jews arabs asians and boomers also vote
@washingtonpost law enforcement under siege by racist fiends at every turn in the road .
3rd world savages are imported to kill & rape in the crime wave sweeping the nation .
w / grim determination , judges release devils to prey upon the innocents , the population that they want dead - us .
you should know the answer all along i get paid to watch when it 's too hot outside for angels to fly .
i appreciate being bilingual with both african american vernacular english and corporate white american english
a hrc apologist .
if unable to do the job with the allocated funds , maybe it 's time to change those in charge .
drum , kevin ( march 27 , 2016 ) . "
hillary email scandal continue to be dumb but non - scandalous " .
mother jones .
drum , kevin ( march 10 , 2016 ) . "
hillary clinton 's honesty problem is not what you think it is " .
mother jones .
i am straight , yet this is my very first time which i realize how much our brothers and sisters have been suffered for their valuable and unique character .
go !
lgbt !
also ervin is pointed out as black n the story .
why did nt they point out that he is also native american or jewish ?
do native americans not deserve their race to b spotlighted ? !
the guy looks hispanic to me !
let others decide the race not that it matters .
if the   newspaper wants to make this event about race then they should include all the races and cultures !
its all so stupid .
this journalist deserves the gold medal stupid award !
literally fucking die - spacito normie piece of trash
the white bitch who killed her neighbor and thought he was an intruder was just convicted of murder score a million for the people a cop going behind bars
all mexcrement bucks are born with knives
just did a world trip and i would say that south america + turkey in general were super excited about seeing asians .
kpop is big in south america and i had a girl in turkey scream and run to me excitedly asking me if i was korean / japanese .
did n't face any discrimination , and people in latin america & turkey were friendly as hell .
but in general , if you 're asian - looking , they will assume you are from asia .
had one guy in turkey said i do n't look like i 'm from america .
if anything , they may ask some ignorant - ish questions but nothing malicious .
that because those tv students are jewish actors as is sheriff israel and the shooter himself the spic chick is just a spic
finally , my issue with the ncr is that i see no sign that they are aware of the facts .
as wonderful and necessary this media outlet is for the church , to date i find only rarely any sign that there is a coherent understanding of how we got to where we are today .
and it was not because we had such wonderful popes who were so inspired and such good guys that our inability to take their orders led to this present state of affairs .
far from it .
it is an immature mind that can not see adults in perspective but instead must invest them with magical powers to ward off the powers of darkness .
the issue is not black and white .
all good , or all bad , all right or all wrong .
the issue is academic as well as religious .
it is a matter of truth , but not that truth many in authority in the church have claimed as their private domain but the plain , unvarnished , unadorned objective reality of what really happened .
i am done with this issue henceforth .
proceed at your own peril .
typos noted .
get rid of all illegals !
close our border and get rid of all traitors to we the people and our country !
" a table of four teenagers was engrossed in talk , none of them fingering an iphone , texting , posting , checking voicemail , but looking each other in the face and speaking as young people in america used to do " .
recently , i was in a starbucks just outside of the university of oregon and all of the customers had their faces on their electronic devices .
not one of them had a book or was talking with anyone .
anyone relying on government assistance will always vote based on their fear of that assistance being taking away by anyone or people who promote self reliance .
harper tried that and failed .
in doing so , he accrued a record new debt .
.
why is that ?
.
could it be that canadians demand the services that public servants supply ?
you make it sound like you could cut half of government and not feel the pain , yet the harper majority tried and failed .
do n't give hope cards if you do n't want anyone to assume that they got a chance on you and be assertive , they should know their place .
preachers preach to women to control the men this is the way the devil operates and he is running your church
i am the reaction to the shitskin invasion
if you really are a latino , you are reading from the wrong book .
you need an update .
the days of immigrants becoming white by learning to hate black people are history .
the only latinos for which that that strategy worked are old cubans .
this is the 21st century .
glad i have access to the latin mass and will not have to hear whatever dumbed down translation comes out of this .
next month is the best month to buy a new fridge !
they typically go on sale around may in preparation for summer ! #
homelife
this bitch is so retarded hate speech isn t real cunt
trump is the best ! !
thankyou for your work trump you are doin the right thing deporting all these dirty animals back to there countries !
they do n't deserve to live in america remember people it 's a privilege to live here ! !
🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸
who do mexicans call when someone breaks into their house ?
< number > juan juan !
obama did not do enough for black people not even god can do enough it impossible maybe if they ship in whites and asians and paint them black
everyone luvs 2 wreck things addicted to car crashes mayhem when it is applied to governments calm minds rneeded or we all get burned # poem
her name is zarin khan from bangladesh
guess you have no problem with the black drug gangs .
the huge number of hispanic gangs , etc .
any thoughts on your kind anarchists , bigots attacking innocent citizens because they support repubs / consv , rioting , burning , looting , etc .
you 're ignorant enough to talk about white nationalist ? ?
plsssss walk down parts of chicago , dc , detroit , oakland , la and see who comes out to meet and greet ! !
plssssss , you 're the type that richly deserves to come face to face with real hate , racism & bigotry ! !
so just pray for me
so here 's the nazi still ranting at " impassioned hold the pain harold " as of a half hour ago :   url " because i do n't care .
i would rather protect the nations that whites created from being flooded by 3rd worlders being corrupted by jews .
words mean nothing to me "
fucking thugs ruining my god damn country !
send her ass back with the rest if em !
international day against homophobia , transphobia and biphobia is an opportunity to celebrate the progress made in promoting lgbtq rights .
but we must also reflect that there is much more to do so that discrimination is consigned to history . #
idahobit url
i wish the border wall height and length could increase by 1 additional imperial foot ( 1/3 meter ) for the death of each citizen caused by a non - citizen .
these invaders should be stopped dead in their tracks by leos or a by a well - regulated militia .
url
is n't the bible the word of god ?
how can the word of god be wrong ?
and who decides which parts to take literally and which are just a product of the time it was written ?
should i not take " thou shalt not kill " literally ?
bill clinton - the divide of race url
sounds dumb .
way prefer the latinos , any time .
heightcels surgery exists that can make u taller 
 you can be 6”4 like you always dreamed of
we 're back underway at the opel arena !
let 's have some goals in the second half , lads . (
46 ' ) # m05rbl 0 - 0
what do you call an hispanic group that targets black people ?
the que , que , que
the hard truth is that many minorities simply ca n't compete academically with asian and white students .
what most people do n't know is that the best predictor of success on the sat is race , not socioeconomic status .
even poor asian students fresh off the boat will routinely outperform wealthy blacks and hispanics .
this is n't racism .
it is what it is .
what do you call a sitcom about caitlyn jenner and her mexican roommate ?
juan and a half man .
well when i was in the air force they thought i was a dyke plumber bitch so there ya go opinions are like assholes
i learned when white ppl hate you they really hate yo fuckin guts 😂 😂
why do white people have such a pleasant scent ?
so blind people can distinguish them from animals too .
now nik omar is da man perfect timing awesome strategy tetiba semua orang suka religious man atheist pon mungkin masuk islam nanti
anyone here have experiences with escorts they'de like to share ?
do you know what was in the unit where the fire started ?
do n't you think it a good idea to know that before you try to fix something without knowing how and why the fire started ?
life is suffering and pain 
 humans should go extinct immediately 

 if you support that kind of idea , please join r / antinatalism
good luck to all at this evening 's event .
this is a vitally important campaign that underlines the continued reality of anti - lgbt abuse and discrimination in ireland .
our burning issues 2 report revealed hate crime to be leading issue for lgbt community . #
callitout @gcnmag
way too many there are entire cities in the us that are entirely asian it an absolutely insane situation and asians are not dumb enough to let foreigners move into their nations and take over
if i 'm being nice to you and trying to be a decent person it does not mean i want you or want to get w / you
re : " “ depending on who you listen to , i ’m either a hero , a terrorist , or a crybaby , ” he wrote , “ which should tell you something about the reliability of the media . ”
unbelievable .
the guy was recorded doing all of these things .
he was unabashed in his call to arms for violence and recorded doing so .
his fans were recorded shouting " heil cantwell " .
he himself recorded his tear - filled rants of fear .
how is the media in any way unreliable by simply broadcasting what he , through his own actions , put out there ? !
blaming the media because you did n't think before you spoke is becoming a woefully tired defense .
these are his own words and actions for all the world to see-- time for him to man up and take responsibility for the actions and words he , and he alone , propagated .
oil fields decline by about 5 percent a year on average .
it takes a lot of investment to maintain current production .
three years of low prices has already pushed future investment requirements .
and electricity is still mainly produced by coal and natural gas .
coal happens to be a lot dirtier than oil .
cars may be electric in 7 years .
what about aircrafts , ships , etc ?
there is no electric substitute there .
the republican / trump purges continue .
first , purging voter rolls of those unworthy black , hispanic , democrats , non - christians to rig the entire election process .
next , trump 's election and congress republican control to prevent any government functions at all .
next .
fail to fill all of the vacancies for the positions necessary to actually operate the government .
next .
purge all scientists from all departments to be left empty to accomplish the same thing .
time for a revolution .
wtf do n't these idiots get ... their here illegally
ok can someone explain to me what meghan markle has done to piss off the reptiles this week ? (
other than her disgraceful ongoing refusal to stop being black , obviously )
foreign did you note the shitskins with work visas censoring white americans republicans that just the shit workers ads sponsors and the use of secret filters oh boy election meddling and then some
i have to laugh at you .
so you believe that planned parenthood ignores serving 60 % of poor people , and serves only poor blacks and hispanics .
really ?
our nation 's largest women 's reproductive health organization is ignoring 60 % of women in need of health care and affordable contraception ?
you really believe that ?
fine , but here you are trying to convince others of what you believe is the truth , without an ounce of proof .
without proof that planned parenthood is ignoring all the poor white mothers and serving only black and hispanic women , you wo n't convince me or anyone else with a functioning brain and a dose of common sense that you know what you 're talking about .
here 's at :   " they are preying on poor people , the largest portion who are minorities . "
two lies in one short sentence .
pp is serving women with services they want and need ; and the largest portion , a 60 % majority , of poor people are white .
you just ca n't get it right - your bigotry stands in the way .
yeah , just like hillary has given the entire republican establishment the fin .
the problem neko , is that whites are often called racist without information to support the charge .
" if the shoe fits " works for me , too .
problem is , as grampa used to say , " if is a big word . "
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times
what do you get when a black guy knocks up a mexican woman ?
3/5 of a kid that 's to lazy to steal .
hello all i m thinking of going to europe in the next couple weeks and am trying to decide between ireland and eastern europe .
why do they even have the smaller urinal in offices ?
it ’s not for the kids , it ’s for the mexicans .
macrocornea lookin ass bitch
at what age does one become " over the hill " 🌄 ?
i like my women like i like my cigars 7 years old and coming from cuba in a burlap sack
> the death of the children was a terrible thing , but it was a last resort , ( after 9 much less lethal atemps , ) in freeing an enslaved people group .
how on earth is * that * the last resort ?
just turn all the egyptians weapons into twigs and tell moses to lead the people out .
and the death of those kids did n't actually stop the pharoah from ordering his men to chase after the hebrews .
god still had to flood their army .
it does n't really seem to have been very useful at all .
not nearly as useful as just breaking their weapons would have been .
being below average height as male should be an accepted disability and you should get money from the government for living like that 
 or they should offer you a painless suicide to leave this world .
when arguing with the oppisite sex .
we only half listen .
or listen to first point and only speak on that ignoring the other points .
i heard all points .
they just did not interest me enough to make the effort to reply .
also if you have multiple problems with me why the hell are you : 1 .
with me , 2 .
airing them all at once like noob with a rapid fire gun .
lol
what does this fat ass jew have against white people should not white people be concerned with the browning of america he is a pure left wing ass
trump was a lifelong democrat so that would meet one qualification for a racist .
democrats are the party of slavery and jim crow laws which gave us legalized second - class citizens .
the kkk was formed by former white supremacist military officers defeated by lincoln 's army .
they were all democrats who hated the republican president .
their nice statues are being pulled down by other democrats .
american nazis hate just about everyone ; jews , blacks , catholics , mexicans ... and more .
i wo n't put those morons on the democrats even though democrats put them on republicans everyday .
lailat al miraj mubarak to all muslims .. i 'm wishing for everyone 's peace & prosperity 🤲 🏻
oh fuck the amount of gay people on earth is rising
did you know mexicans in southern california actually use " jajaja " instead of " hahah " pisses me off so much 

 # deportallofthem
you are 100 % correct .
in japan there are no 3rd world mexicans or negros and in england , germany and canada the people live as peasants in a multicultural cesspool .
frat boys are so disgusting let 's just rob those motherfuckers
quite the career , she served our country with grace ,   a well earned retirement .
" " " baby girl that pussy wetter than chicken noodle soup " " @kodakblack1k "
i am so tired of these 4 psychopaths saying white people are the devil .
these racist bitches are the devil .
still looking for white people of the same belief to talk to or maybe hang out.stength is in numbers and georgia is getting outnumbered as we speak .
anyone relying on government assistance will always vote based on their fear of that assistance being taking away by anyone or people who promote self reliance .
hey , muslim dickhead ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don;t you go and shove allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are many times when it refers to violence .
so go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up .
yey , one less feeble minded prick ion the world .
do n't sweat it man , there are so many better women out there .
if that 's how she responded then she does n't deserve you anyway !
find someone who wants you as much as you want them ! !
if she fucked you she is interested .
talking to you for a few minutes means she sees you as another beta time whore for her in the periods between when she fucks her one of many chads through the week .
excuse me there are mexicans with messed up cuban flags protesting .
come deport the fuckers .
honestly fuck the british dude and fuck that virtue signaling woman .
the drunk guy with the bottle was nt being obnoxious until the british drunk guy kept beating him .
the worst tho is that woman thinking she s doing something right calling the guy a racist when he did nt mention anything about the bottle guys race .
i wish he woulda shut her down but alas he did nothing and the woman looks like a hero ... at least to the ignorant
< user > i fucking hate you ziad
detention space for illegal immigrants oh my dare i say concentration camps gas the spics border war now in all seriousness detention camps are necessary you can not let beaners roam around raping and pillaging you have to lock up all the taco niggers until you are ready to remove them
why do n't just build a wall completely around that failed shit hole that you call a country , stay the fuck out of everybody else 's country , and the world will be better off !
your shit for brainsism might then be prevented from infecting the rest of us !
the very stupidest sub human scum if the earth !
i understand that one third ( 33 % ) of canadian are from ontario .
the survey you refer to says that some 804 out of 5404 of people surveyed were from ontario ; that is 14.87 % .
quite a discrepancy .
could it be that the people who took the survey are the sambas those who predicted an hillary clinton victory or a little further back in time a victory for the wild rose party in alberta !
do i feel bad for dreamers no however i do feel bad for the legal immigrants who waited years for what illegal dreamers stole from them
fuck my cock needs in that cunt hole
stop running around like a little bitch
they hit a state trooper head on .
and they were both illegals .
well , i do n't know if they were illegals , but they had illegal sounding names .
i like my bitches brown skin amp dark skin can ’ t get with a light skin female 😂 😂
considering that i am queer and to an extent neurodivergant i realize that it is a possibility that i could be the target of violence though make no mistake right now i as a white bisexual man have a much lower chance of assault than say a black trans woman
< user > only white ppl fall for that shit
that nigga kawhi is nice bruh
freeheels .. close your eyes and ignore the murder and marginalization of native americans , slavery and the subsequent racism towards blacks and " mexicans " , and muslims , the internment of japanese , george warcriminal bush invasion of iraq , and you 'll see the streets of america are paved with gold , everything is ok and you can have a coke and a smile ... it 's called the conservative way .
# inspiration a weed is a plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered .
-ralph waldo emerson # quotes # followme
this is the most drama i have ever seen about a dog .
do n't like the way the cowards kicks tyrone on the floor then his mate screams like he has won the fight .
[ nsfw ] how do you spot a virgin mexican girl ?
a 15 year old girl running faster then her father
< user > need burnol btw u seem to be literate enough to read the word refugee in that sentence and if you ca nt may allah subhanu wata ala help you
seeing @warrenleighttv getting mobbed , he 'll likely miss this .
if anyone is in contact w / him , tell him abt # ggautoblocker . #
lawandordersvu
the smear tactics are n't going to work .
these people have known me for over a decade .
xx : xx * do n't shea , remind you of of one of roger from american dads personalities with a black curly wig ? ? ? ! *
like she faking being a human being and no substance and joking human beings just to get what she wants and wants sympathy for simple things ... with love shea !
-david
@katiepavlich keep your people in mexico and let them get shot there !
ipocrita
what these femanazis fail to realize is that president trump has hired and cut paychecks to more women blacks latinos gays lesbians transgenders and muslims than all previous presidents combined .
if he wanted to kill illegal immigrants then why drive from dallas to el paso to do so ?
there are tons of them here in dallas .
many wal marts in various parts of dallas would have also been filled with them on saturday .
it does n't make sense .
there are good and decent people here who have no interest in hearing jew nigger kike spic jap wop dago mick kraut porch monkey sand nigger moon cricket must they endure just so you can have your opinion validated
if the state leaders wanted to get more oil and gas income they would do away with the laws that gives the majors a monopoly ! !
i feel these bad laws stop alaskans and others from producing oil and gas at a profit ! !
alaska is known to have lots of oil but i feel the system is corrupt in favor of the majors ,   i say fix this bad system and i feel the state can keep these credits !
the state leaders can start by doing away with the 9 month c - plan and the high bonds and countless permitting maze then alaska will prosper with no end in sight ! !
save alaska ! !
let 's make alaska great again ! !
let alaskans drill and prosper for a change ! !
good point , making a sweeping characterization that most latinos and blacks are uneducated in no way appears racist .
and as always , you are correct , it is always proper to respond to a perceived attack by engaging in the same conduct .
since you believe others have referred to certain white groups as uneducated , you are completely justified in characterizing any non - white group you wish in the same manner .
as jesus taught , turnabout is fair play .
it sounds like they came out about their gender , not sexuality !
i would 've just wished for the most support .
i wish it was normalized .
i wish no one asked me invasive questions .
it sounds like you 're doing great so far .
<3
sooo i really hope everyone is caught up on @prisonbreak by now .. otherwise tonight will be a huge spoiler for ya
the globe editors do not get to elect public officials and if they are british ( i think that is their background ) or canadian they do nt event get a vote on the us election .
what they are doing is simply trying to make a big story out of a nothing .
i am not a trump supporter but i have become so fed up with their media bias and paternalistic elitist attitude that i find myself sympathetic to him .
if they let trump fail , as he will if he keeps up his tweeting teenage behavior , the us will elect another president in 3.5 years .
if the editors and the ny times do nt stop , they will harden his supporters if only as way of putting a lid on the elitist know it all arrogance .
i 'm someone who can only speak english , but i would n't care if our pm could only speak french ( as long as they were a good leader ) .
" americans have a culture of responsible gun ownership . "
the fact that you are writing this editorial would seem to be pretty clear evidence that this statement is incorrect .
if you want to see a culture of responsible gun ownership look at the u.k.
then why are all the white girls being raped and murdered by blacks
folks , open borders are n't just a threat from illegal aliens , it 's the perfect unhindered launching ground for terrorists url
not sure what his attorney do n't understand but it seems a muslim ban wo n't work .
the key ... muslim ban ...
adopting creatures bred and educated in the ghetto is a bad idea no matter what species
in the past hour i have seen two leftists make two remarkably stupid claims anyone with access to google and five minutes could debunk a that houston is full of nazis so they deserve the storm b the level of violence nazis committed in the 2 0 th century was unprecedented
texas has been getting a whirlwind of black violence wetback violence muzzee violence they are in big trouble down there
co - worker : : so ... are you mixed ?
because you look white but your name is ... " me ( after clarifying that he 's referring to my race ): : oh , yeah .
my dad is white and my mom is puerto rican .
after this exchange , my co - worker basically stops talking to me for the remainder of my employment there .
i was 19 , working at a dining commons at uc berkeley .
made me feel hurt , confused , irritated , like i have to prove my identity to others .
why are black male rappers and artists always become pedophiles and rapists
why protect anchorages most historic structure when you can celebrate and enjoy classic anchorage architecture at your local walmart or fred meyer ?
whoever took good news off soundcloud your mom is a fucking hoe
< user > agree with ananya baby every hindu muslim sikh isai should travel in economy class sonam kapoor
really beautiful .
let me suck your balls and your dick :)
i admit , you got me on that one , allie .
spanish speaking countries are total failures all over the world .
the populace pays their life savings and risk their lives   to get   the hell out .
no groundbreaking science being led by spanish latin america .
just drugs and counterfeit money .
do you know how stupid you just made yourself look ? !
what kind of retard would put mooslem women and honor in the same sentence and anyone can see where their head is at by using the word keep women hell i do not even keep my cat and no westerner ever forced plastic surgery on me a fucking islam apologist wrote that shit
how many puerto ricans does it take to change a light bulb ?
guess we 'll find out in 6 months
voting on a new pope ? ?
dear jesus ,   we have a bunch of lunatics that worship some dog named allah trying hijack america , democrats that steal from us & then lie about it , illegal aliens that rape & murder our citizens & frankly we could use a little help down here please ! #
kag url
yeah , just like hillary has given the entire republican establishment the fin .
the russians hacked a server and used the data to influence an election & destabilize america by causing people to question the legitimacy of the president elect .
manning exposed a government coverup where us soldiers murdered journalists .
if you can not see the difference there is no help for you .
tinder was founded by degenerate jews who have been sued by their coworkers for sexual harassment , the more you know .
there are questions to be answered .
even with time constraints , is n't it rude to interrupt quickly because you disagree with the answer ?
watch the last 3 major televised hearings and see her abrupt and arrogant manner in questioning .
i am sure exploring the many previous hearings will reveal similar tactics .
she is not the prosecutor or state a.g. any longer .
male or female , when questioning ... allow for an answer before interrupting !
only thing these kind of people are good at is working the system after having eight kids so they do n't have to work .
constant drains on society .
worthless as tits on a boar hog !
you are the fucking problem .
what is wrong with standing up for your country ?
go somewhere else and you will find out real quick how good you have it here .
so for now go sit on your fat ass , and type on your phone somewhere in an air conditioned room .
you have no clue .
fucking loser .
the highest poverty rates in the south come from blacks and hispanics , and therein the subsidies you say you 're sick of paying for .
your ignorance promotes a racist agenda .
jaden smith perfect example of being gay is in fact a choice he used to did n't laugh like a female n act all fruity
this so called : black monday " march was for all farmers , and their workforce - black and white !
a racist act in this country is anything in which white people take part .
please note fellow south africans , we have seen in zimbabwe what happens when farmers are murdered and forced off the land - hunger and poverty results !
speak to the people on the ground , people in rural area 's , people in all walks of life .
everyone is fed up with escalating crime , corruption and downright theft by the leaders of this country .
all this seems ok as long as there are no whites benefitting .
where does the real racism lie in this country ?
think about it and then go on pointing fingers at whites .
would any white person walk in a black neighbourhood at night and live ?
is this the same for a black person in a white neighbourhood ?
stop bluffing yourselves , i have many good black friends , believe me , they also see these things .
their side blacks muslims lesbians tweety birds college profs africa journalists scientist the bitchy gay guys meryl streep and nfl that right goddell u fuck rino mccain and democrats pizza and hotdogs
they letting this nigga kuzma do what he want
& # 8220;@hermosa_jayy : can i bring anotha bitch or nah & # 128527;&#8221 ;
" tf maggie ?
you did not just tell mer she did n't care about her mom because she put her to " " rest " " in a scrub in sink in or2 ... "
karma is a bitch
being a racialist means you stop trying to hurt other white nations for the sole selfish interest of your own nation .
more historical dem idiocy < number > ashley judd are equal rights in the constitution < number > rosie o donnell do not fear terrorists they are mothers and fathers < number > sen harry reid on obama light skinned and with no negro dialect gabfam speakfreely chat americans
excited to go full on forrest gump @pongsocialclub with some great people .
i apologize in advance for how aggressive i might get .
we need to focus on making our own state government more efficient , especially in light of federal budget challenges .
we need to trim our state workforce : 

 for comparison : 
 the state of vermont ( population 600,000 ) has 8,200 state employees ( fact : http://humanresources.vermont.gov/sites/humanresources/files/documents/workforce_data/dhr-workforce_report.pdf ) 

 the state of alaska ( population 700,000 ) has over 16,000 state employees ( fact : http://doa.alaska.gov/dop/employeeorientation/introduction/ ) 

 if vermont can do it with 8,200 workers , alaska can certainly trim the payrolls .
we need to become more efficient !
why does it always seem like everybody is in a relationship ?
thinking about my cousin blue who died in a atv accident back in 2004 his favorite cuss word was bastard face every time i say bastard or type it i think of him love and miss you blue
i like my white skin we discovered america and built it including most inventions sorry niggers beaners and chinks
lipstick .
reminder : technology evolves at an exponential rate so hang in there incels , realistic vr waifus and ai are coming .
" and incurred a record $ 160b in new debt in 5 years . "
the record accumulation for debt was pet 's last 3 back - to - back record deficits - and that was without the excuse of a gfc .
nonsense .
sound investments in multiple areas , including skin in the game on the ford announcement yesterday , and the transit infrastructure announcement today .
deny , deny , deny .
it 's what the extremist right does , and yet without any evidence to support their case .
typical .
sad , but typical .
what do you get if you cross an african and a mexican ?
someone too lazy to steal .
< user > puppy ‍ < user > can you post this on the gay crossfit post on vd for me 3 x deported hiv wetback tranny has wetbacks protesting that we should give more handouts to illegal wetback trannies < number > wetback trannies are housed in the cibola county facility transgender unit
brown people should live in pre - history shit hole codition forever so whitie can enjoy their rich fulfill live .
/s
what do you get when you blend a nazi and a communist together ?
ground meat .
wanna here a joke the latest snap chat update
editorials like this makes me wish even more for trump of our own in canada .
watching left wing head explode   ...   ooooooooo   ..... aaaaaaaaah .
oh dude !
where you that guy i saw fucking your own sister ?
damn bro !
aloha rick -- you are willing to spend $ 8 to $ 10b to " give people on the westside a traffic free alternative " ?
do you think the people of honolulu think the rail is just to provide an alternative for west side residents ?
the issue for all of us on the west side is traffic congestion .
we are shouting this out to the city as loudly as we can .
our city finances are stressed right now .
we do n't have the money .
where do you live ?
i live in ewa beach and the rail as built does not respond to our needs to bring children to school or grandparents ; to get to a second or third job ; to get to doctors .
which candidate for mayor would agree that the rail issue is about providing an alternative for west side residents ?
i listen everyday to the people who live and work in the west side and all they want is a reduction in traffic congestion .
did you hear about a mexican with a mental illness ?
he has borderline personality disorder .
roll tide , bitches
the females in my friend group hate me now 
 and i could n't care less
don t become the nigga das like i am not giving a bitch shit bc das how you block your blessings
the females in my friend group hate me now 
 and i could n't care less
there is a mental health question with jeb if he needed to marry a wetback for politics his family has enough money he could have gotten a telenova star
the guy giving the beating could very possibly be a hispanic , i would have to see a much clearer video before i 'd give him the honor of calling him white .
problem is the jews have infinity niggers at their disposal they ve got niggers sand niggers and beaners enough to keep whites busy until you and i are dead
millions of children and babies are been kill in yemen vietnam korea laos syria by the americans bombs
look you were useful in that you gave me the opportunity to express my own views and a backdrop against which to set it but i am done and you are boring so goodbye oh and jews did not put blacks in south africa reality did that long before we got there
worst case he looking at a path to citizenship for the ones who are not violent felons and who meet the criteria that would entitle a legal immigrant to be here under a merit based system < number > < number >
fuck ass nigga
this should not be called or even considered womensmarch real women do not lend themselves or rely on this new feminist bullshit its superflous judgejudy said it best when she owned katie couric these girls have no love let alone respect for themselves in return they recieve none slagfest
hiya i ' m new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .
healthcare # haiku 

 government clinics 
 open from seven to five 
 but not for patience .
just tell the cops they 're not allowed to interact with black people in any way .
just enforce the law with whites , asians , mexicans , the rest .
do i just forget about girls until i get shredded 
 i would like to think i could ask out girls but i 'm too ugly so i would be 100 % rejection rate until i 'm ripped and alpha
looks like trump screwed us over brietbart reports daca amnesty deal reached with god cursed kike schumer pelosi that the end of trump if it true
dad : : so , is your new boyfriend mexican ?
me : : why does that matter ?
dad : : well , is he ?
i mean , it does n't matter ... just as long as he 's not black .
a phone conversation with my father in december last year .
made me feel angry , sad , but unastonished .
you need to wish them well and get on with your life , start a family of your own , that 's coming from someone who is working on the second part of what i told ya !
this was a huge thing i struggled with when i was still a guy but i m glad its out in the open that bisexuality does nt only mean you like girls , guys and gamers equally
what would you call a bunch of hispanics pushing a bus down the street ?
jail   break
a ) what does this have to do with atheism**+ * ( real question ) ?
b ) what does this have to do with ethics in videogame , apart from the fact that she is brown and people here do n't like brown people — probably because of gamma ( rethorical question ) ?
-- if anyone is still lurking here , i just came across this in america :  

 examining the american peace movement prior to world war i 

  www.americamagazine.org/arts-culture/2017/04/06/examining-american-peace-movement-prior-world-war-i 
 --
folks , open borders are n't just a threat from illegal aliens , it 's the perfect unhindered launching ground for terrorists url
# poll illegal migrants should be deported ?
you show so much ignorance and disrespect towards those victims when you say such things about a leader who is nothing like that monster whom you are referring to .
trump is not racist he just does nt care about your entitled pc loving liberal views .
i am latino amd love mexico , truth be told mexicans are racist big time amd they know they are taking advantage of the usa , so do nt feel sorry for mexico .
in fact focusing on border security is going to help not hurt mexico .
now the usa will pay more attention to the drug and human trafficking that the mexican officials ignore and even contribute to .
so yes i am a latino for trump not because he is a good people person but because he is a great leader who can help take care of business on this side of the globe !
how is the russian conspiracy theory going ?
not a theory .
the investigation is roaring along obviously .
almost too busy for them to handle things .
if this was such a plot against trump , we would 've heard about it from investigators themselves .
there are likely hundreds of people involved .
they are n't all democrats .
i am certain that lots of them are republicans .
if they are disgusted by the wrongdoing of the   investigation , they would 've let the world know by now .
put snipers on our southern and northern borders and end the problem when it starts !
you bring a child across the border you and the child will suffer the consequences !
some spick kids scratched my parents car today and for whatever reason i did not call the cops and just scared them away
codswallop and blatherskite .
they did no such thing .
first , the cert vote was 6 - 3 , not 9 - 0 .
second , the vote itself only means they put the case on their upcoming fall docket to be heard and argued in full then .
the court stresses , in its decision , that this vote in no way signals they 're predisposed to one side v. the other .
third , the partial lifting of the ban is a sketchy prognosticator of how the court will eventually rule .
somebody could get rich if they played the odds right on this one .
my assessment is , they took the case largely because it hinges on a core constitutional issue , the separation of powers .
and they certainly jumped at it .
( attention all conservatives :   we may have an activist court sighting ! )
this could be a landmark case , whether decided narrowly or broadly .
everyone should familiarize themselves with the decision itself : 

 https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/16pdf/16-1436_l6hc.pdf
i did not see the choice of beaners pretending to be republicans
good job deflecting trumps issues back to obama but you forgot to demean the author .
perhaps you 've also forgotten how the republican led congress worked to block anything and everything obama tried to accomplish so he had little choice in attempting to help the dreamers
i 've met a few people who i talk to outside of sf , and i consider them to be pretty good friends .
not sure that something different equates to the the best representative of a great black guy finding love .
why not shine if you are given the stage .
there are great ones out there and nothing but the best is worth my screen time .
you ca n't play with them - they do n't speak english .
me too , i 'm getting warnings for deeming civil some very innocuous , if wrong and silly , but perfectly polite , posts , and getting my perfectly polite comments deleted .
surely if it better to rebut , than repress entirely .
would the protesting iranians prefer to experience all the benefits of diversity that a rothschild bank nation enjoys because that what they are demonstrating for elin krantz swedish woman raped murdered by an immigrant
me ( mexican american ): : graduate school is such a lonely place .
all everyone has time for is work .
my advisor : : oh , you should get some mexican friends .
first post on gab after seeing the tucker carlson show this evening .
ship them out ! ! !
all of them .
make america white again .
not a citizen ?
here illegally ?
fu .
blacks and foreigners ruined this country .
" opposition accuses liberals of protecting friends , other ‘ big fish ’ named in paradise papers " 

 -------------------------- 

 ... it 's called " projecting " especially the cons! ... note mr bronfman , mr chretein have both released statements challenging the facts of the paradise papers , if the opposition have info to the contrary , kindly name names outside of the h.o.c where no priviledge is granted eh :-) ...
i just read in a newspaper in the grays harbor county of washington state that test scores are going down .
you ca n't believe that 45 % rating do you ?
have n't you told us again , and again , how msm and cnn is all " fake news " ?
yet cnn has reported his approval rate is at 45 % : 
 http://www.cnn.com/2017/10/03/politics/trump-approval-flat-decades-gallup/index.html 
 so this rating must be " fake news " , right ?
then the mexican bitch wanna speak some other fuckin language & amp ; then give attitude .
ca n't speak right ass !
tf
arrest them at the border and put them in cages .
have you visited @grimmsfoods website ?
check out all the great recipes and products !
expect to find a treat in our race kits # grimming :)
if trump needs a man to run operation wetback again i am available
i feel this so heavily .
i wish i could help .
but i m mostly closeted .
so what can i do .
i m stuck all the same .
i recommend trevorspace as a website with accepting and helpful people for lgbtq , but i do n't know what else to do .
good luck .
the obsession with pakistan and islam on this sub is unbelievable , do you piss drinkers not have anything productive to do ?
should we shoot down another jet so you all can get your shit together lmao .
wo n't be surprised if i get banned by mods since the truth hurts . ;)
when will this obnoxious spic moron finally be deported he is raving like a lunatic
mr. akina ’s campaign is heartfelt .
i too wish everything could be fixed .
realistically , the problem is the result of usa 's illegal occupation of the hawaiian kingdom .
they have placed their government soh , neither de facto nor de jure to the displacement of hk 's government .
the office of the us president holds has the power to honor this unjustice .
honor the queen liliuokalani and grover cleveland 's two executive agreements of 1893 .
he has that power to order the commander in chief of the pacific fleet to begin immediate de - occupation .
law of occupation will be enforced .
the soh governmental heads will be remove and the installation of the hk government heads will begin to assemble .
the 1864 hawaiian kingdom constitution will take its place again .
those employed by our government will swear to hk law .
we hope for a smooth transition .
until then , we hold on to truth :   continue our lifestyle , stand pono , praying for justice , and keep learning the truth to guide our hk .
eo
death is gazing at the stars 

 no 
 void 

 only 
 presence
i knew it since in the beggining i knew she was gay but imm happy for him
is the word wetback banned
i recently saw an adaptation of the wizard of oz in tijuana somewhere over the border , 
 raul climbs .
raul climbs over the border , 
 why , oh why , ca n’t i ?
rejected baseball game ideas : nolan ryan 's punch - out mark and jose 's juice ' em up david ross dance dance revolution # baseball # rejected
what is donald trump 's favorite < number > 's song ?
another spic in the wall
stupid white douche .
not 10 minutes before they arrive .
i 'm just waking up , & amp ; i need to take a shower .
i 'm so sick of the lack of disrespect
who do mexicans call when someone breaks into their house ?
< number > juan juan !
a fairy , an unicorn , a good mexican and a bad mexican found a treasure chest .
who will take it ?
the bad mexican , as the others do n't exist .
hella confusing when someone does n't answer ur messages but be watching your every fuckin move still like ignore me at full length u pansy
very short nose for a hispanic whilst arabs also have long noses moroccans and north africans tend not to he could be from the middle east but it would be an outrageous construction for the cops
< user > why did 3 v3 rep get raped l
why was 6 afraid of 7 ?
7 was never the same after vietnam .
thanks jade , i knew increasingly that i was being dishonest the more i developed the jjp58 personality , and that 's one reason i cut her ( i admit , i though of her as a her ) off , when i could n't support the basic dishonesty in the face of several people who liked her , and who assumed she was a she .
jjp58 was me , but my feminine side .
i think that all women have a man side , and all men have a woman side , and that 's what i regarded jjp58 as .
i miss jjp58 .
i have n't had martini parties since she went away , all my friends got old suddenly , along with me .
she was my adult puff , the magic dragon .
gone forever .
but she lives in my memory , and in my heart , i promise you .
i will continue to channel her , to the best of my ability !
i see you are back trying to rephrase your previous disgusting post that was rightfully deleted .
the only problem is you 're still making excuses for a politician who clearly stated she hoped to see the president assassinated .
doubling down does n't cut it .
flagged .
my hope from the new year is that i wo n't be subjected to any more of this lefty propaganda .
where are the human rights activists to arise the issue of innocent children massacre in syria & amp ; iraq .
waiting to get permission.&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128557;&#128557 ;
please throw these 3 illegal alien terrorists big mouth " women " ( and i use the term loosely ) out of our united states of america !
now !
how did they sneak past the wall ?
never forget if hillary had won legions of third world migrants would have been imported the horrific crimes and social breakdown we see in germany would have been repeated in the us and women would have suffered the most maga trump
niggas will say they do nt approve of gay people on tik tok live then come on here and say fat uwu life is crazy url
we 're out just got ta keep looking i live in east texas out here its just as hard for us to find single white men
what do you call four mexicans in quick sand ?
quattro sinko
good , bitch , u ai nt welcome either
< user > linda came to flint michigan for a photo op of delivering water to families she not even from michigan our newpaper made a big deal to show how co operative the recent refugees were in this crisis
be sure to tell your family and friends goodbye one last time before you head out to remove those traps ......
thir should be a private subreddit where only white listes users are allowed just for lolicon .
that way reddit normies ca nt ruin it
the french have this fantasy : one they wake up and the whole world suddenly speaks french .
it ai n't gon na happen .
they think we are really gullible , the rest of canada .
` 
 1 ) forced to learn and speak french , both of which nobody does , just a waste of class time for students and money for rest of us .
2 ) pay for the french province to wallow along in a socialist daze .
` 
 let quebec separate , create their own country and leave the rest of us alone !
the self homophobia within you is stronger than the piss the cheeto swallowed
hey goyims my name is abraham and i just talked to god and what did he say to you that the land of the arabs belongs to me
once again you seem to attribute to me the antithesis of what i 'm actually laying down here .
i 'm against wrongful invasions .
the us intervening is like a rapist providing psychotherapy to their victims .
it 's sick .
because it is so clearly and profoundly disturbed , what can you even say ?
that exactly is a big part of why we need the un to put our wrongful excesses into an inescapable cage for the world 's own safety and for the long - term survival of civilization itself .
i will be hopeful and righteous no matter how many people prefer to jump off the bridge or drink the poison kool - aid .
one can only hope their self - destruction makes room for a new enlightened age of american thought and spirit .
let us now rise together like a transcendental phoenix .
or you know how other groups have black only or spic only white only
funny but true , while working as a maintenance man at a particular place , i would see applications turned in by mexicans i knew had to be illegals because on the application where it would say education they would put mexico .... smh
then post heinous crimes by us citizens while your at it motley .
i love your writing , but your narrow focus manipulates stereotyping .
segment population any way you chose and you will find those who have committed crimes .
and of course you 'll have many crimes that never result in charges or , maybe not noticed being crimes of property or complex financial graft .
those count too and destroy lives .
huma 's are n't perfect .
sometimes the criminal is wearing a suit , sometimes they may be wearing rags .
the failure 's are still personal .
please do n't expand these human failings into cultural stereotypes .
* i 'm not naive .
i 've was threatened   by a hispanic person when living in iowa(asking him to stop catcalling a female customer ) .
i recognize but do not like the very macho side of some culture 's that have lead to abuse of women and girls ( abuse by western standards at least ) .
but i do not damn all hispanics only because they share similar genetics .
what a bunch of backwards old muslim farts
i think donald j trump should offer a resettlement program to all eu nationals who are not happy with the current immigration policies of it leaders that way trump gets immigrants who are nearly perfectly aligned with usa values education and european expats can feel better at ease
damn i loved both of them so much , and i forgive him along time ago for being a huge fan of his and then hearing the racist remarks i 'm only bringing his up because i see so many comments from people my community talking about him being racist but this has nothing at all to do with being racist and everything to do with losing his spouse and best friend who had nothing to do with what he said and he has helped way more people of all races than he has hurt , my prayers go out to him and his family and i truly love and miss his wife and always will .
i m not sure of a site but those stats are from ` ` the color of crime '' book .
the babies who would replace dying americans are being slaughtered daily by abortion ... globalists are stupid morons !
globalist front : mass immigration necessary to replace dying americans url via @breitbartnews
using debt to pay for a state required financial obligation is adding to our budget deficit .
racist cunts like this should be killed , regardless of who they are or what race they are .
do n't like that hard truth ?
go fuck yourself .
same with the spineless little cunt mods that 'll ban me for speaking it .
who said that all mexicans or for that all illegals were robbers and murderers ?
i do say all that cross our borders illegal are by definition criminals .
also , who said that all the people who cross a border illegally are mexicans ?
that is more the assumption made by the criminal supporters like you .
there are quite a few people that are in the country illegally from just about every country in the world .
some would be legal if they had gone to ins first and claimed sanctuary status .
so why are you so racist as to assume i am just talking about mexicans or even latinos ?
i admit most of the problem seems to be the southern border , but there are improvements we can make on all of our ports of entry .
i dunno where does this h < user > on j3ws come from among msian muslims like to even idolise h tler i m just speechless
rt < user > hyderabad woman allegedly gang raped by five men for two days in the presence of her husband who was confined by the men rachakonda police has apprehended < number > people including < number > who allegedly committed the crime further investigation is underway
bc some females do n't know how to chill lmao url
too bad you political drones and tree hungers do n't have a real life , maybe u could have some fun like all these 500 + had , which would have included me if i 'd only known .
it 's on next years calendar now .
i do n't give a rats a-- about your dull life !
unknown artist describing jihad islam
< user > is it wrong that i d pay fairly decent money to see him being raped by a labrador 🤔 and if it is is it more wrong than < number > dead due to tory austerity 🤔
they also both have collectively made millions without ever once having read a book .
@themadsloth i pray justice will rain on this parade .... and god will have his way w the ones who persecute the jewish people ! !
@michael31776226 very good girl 👏 🏽 i imagine all their cum leaks from your cunt when fucked to the bed often soaking the sheets 💦
she 's not a chair"man . "
< user > these guys are like what if mad magazine spy vs spy were slow adult nazis
i m sure those moab bombs do nt damage the homes of hard working christian arabs right ↓
" sadly , the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics - a tough subject - must be discussed . "
good to know in this case .
pride month serves as a reminder of the obstacles those in the lgbtq have faced , and may continue to face .
it creates a sense of unity .
if our civilization is not superior why do immigrants flock here rather than stay in their native regions the united states is not geographically contiguous with syria
latinos ?
the illegal invaders that are the surge of america .
botched or not by the conservatives ... it is too late for the past to become present .let the proper competent people handle kxl hopefully successfully .
alberta needs to sell this natural resource somewhere and the usa want it .
too late .
despondency arrived on the morning of november 9 , 2016 and never left .
that tends to happen when the realization sets in that we 're all doomed .
lrt is a fucking callout hahahahahhaha has a massive point tho skskskks
thank you
now you 're talking .. ! ! !
what happens when the haves need to go into the jobs marketplace and find work ... they have no skills .
they will be less than worthless .
they will be 100 % at the mercy of latinos and crafts people who can actually build things and make things ....
imagine fixing the entire timeline was just kissing ur s / o the gays are rlly that powerful
finally , my issue with the ncr is that i see no sign that they are aware of the facts .
as wonderful and necessary this media outlet is for the church , to date i find only rarely any sign that there is a coherent understanding of how we got to where we are today .
and it was not because we had such wonderful popes who were so inspired and such good guys that our inability to take their orders led to this present state of affairs .
far from it .
it is an immature mind that can not see adults in perspective but instead must invest them with magical powers to ward off the powers of darkness .
the issue is not black and white .
all good , or all bad , all right or all wrong .
the issue is academic as well as religious .
it is a matter of truth , but not that truth many in authority in the church have claimed as their private domain but the plain , unvarnished , unadorned objective reality of what really happened .
i am done with this issue henceforth .
proceed at your own peril .
typos noted .
get behind transgender , homosexuals , blacks , native indians , hispanics , muslims , 
 jews and defeat trump
send them back .
who said its our job to feed & house those moochers ? ! ....
help yourselves do n't expect us working ( conservative ) real americans to pay for everything .
i hope the detention center is rough , why should it be nice for illegally crossing a border .
i say put them to work cleaning the wall then they wo n't have time to sit in a cage complaining .
they are all criminals period you fake news not victims
diversity is our greatest weakness
mean iq beaner < number >
i date women like i like my eggs in the morning .
< repeat > whites only
as soon as i get a little smarter , i 'll figure out how to attach pics if this one did n't work .
it is unconscionable that our regulatory bodies are so transparently in bed with corporate interests , and that they think we wo n't notice .
hell shutting down our borders is too late in trying to keep out terrorists crap we have 5 in the house of reps that s causing more kaos than if we had them running amouck down our streets and crap if me or my family was in prez trumps seat that mex flag raised over a u s fed building there would 've been some toe tags dished out that day that is total disrespect to our country that 's showing a foreign take over by another country that 's not showing or asking for asylum here sorry if this offends any cry babys out there too damm bad
i was going to smoke some joint with some mexicans i asked them if they had papers and they all ran off .
how would an atheist " worship the idea that god is bad " if he / she lacks a belief in said gods ?
that to me makes the statement nonsense .
you ca n't feel something is good or bad if you do n't think it exists .
as far as " feeling a sense of community and a place refuge " , you do n't need religion to do that ..... you need community .
real ... world .... community .
how someone can seek solice in make believe friends , and gather together with folks who also allow themselves to make believe as well , and think that 's perfectly fine is beyond me .
there is zero hope of ever balancing the states budget if beltrami were to get elected .
he would always put union pay raises ahead of everything else .
i 've seen this kid play he 's certainly the real deal
whatever , no one helps the little guy as much as america .
just look at how many revolutions we finance around the globe .
we love helping the little guy , just ya know so long as they index their oil prices a lil lower than their current regime when they come into power .
it ’s seems to me that horses do more damage to trails than mountain bikes , yet there is no blanket ban on horses in wilderness areas .
and the internet tough guy guntards are clutching their firearms a little tighter
seven billion ` ` humans '' on the planet and with open borders , h1 - b visas , fake social security numbers , colleges hiring foreign nationals over white legal americans , and obama 's amnesty on line with an apathetic public , , , well , dye your skin black and unlearn your english and you might get a good job .
you 're too white - washed to speak spanish .
stop it .
fuck no that 's fag shit .
do n't even be tryna impress these bitches either they ai n't nothin url
she s homophobic and transphobic and really rude
if u have facebook and do nt have 1k+ friends , its over for u
sadly , i think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land .
whatchu talkin bout willis ?
< user > i think a lot of people would care to know he said black women should be beaten and raped lots and lots and lots just needs to get out there
" you 've got to do it every single day .
you 've got to do it at practice , you 've got to do it when you do n't feel good , you 've got to do it when you travel , you 've got to do it when you 're tired .
you just do it every single day .
that becomes the norm and the expectation .
that 's what we have to set here . "
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 
 that should be on the dressing room wall and on the back of every paycheck , even if he did borrow heavily from ken dryden .
bro the deal with dprk is going forward and so is the investigation on hillary this is why the media is flooded with videos of crying beaner kids
i 'd fuck her ass and cum on her back then call her a wetback .
" i think the point that you 're missing , richard , is that a number of us think that based on their original intent and placement ( i.e. , assertions of white supremacy before public institutions like courthouses ) , these statues constitute hate speech . " -
mmackinnon 

 oh my .
that 's quite an indictment .
let 's deal with it one step at a time .
you and i might think we know why , a hundred years ago , people erected a monument .
and probably neither of us will be correct in every case .
civic decisions , like erecting a statue to honour someone , are made out of an amalgam of deeply personal feelings .
so who are we , in the distant future , to judge what those feelings were ?
as for your belief that a statue ( to whomever ) constitutes hate speech , you get no sympathy from me .
that notion is wrong on multiple levels .
there is n't enough room here to speak to them all .
any # ncat21 gc got any space for my crazy ass & # 128483;&#129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
what do you get if you cross an african and a mexican ?
someone too lazy to steal .
i live around western new york and i can not stand the puerto ricans in my school .
if there are legal immigrants who can enter the country properly and wait to get citizenship what the excuse of those who come here illegally answer there is none america wants legal immigrants who will help the country thrive not a bunch of freeloaders looking for handouts
pissing off our allies while cozying up to some of the world 's worst regimes .
a homerun ?
i was never a fan of reagan or bush policy , but at least you could believe they cared about western democratic values .
i am honestly intimidated by 14year olds in 2017&#128563 ; i do n't even look like that at 22 !
if had any make up at 14 it was bc my aunty sold avon
@ballandthecity @_babsj @rebekahvardy surely her point is equality for everyone ?
equality is nt just for one gender , religion or ethnicity .
think that was her point
not all immigrants are hispanic .
i think they should stop being racist and deport the ussr immigrants here on the same status .
the ones who violated their visas in particular .
the wall intends to completely and absolutely put to a stop illegal entry into the us .
i have yet to see any anti - trump come up with issues .
there 's   the yearly trade deficits in the billions and yearly budget deficits in the trillions .
there 's the vanishing of factories from the us leaving economic desolation behind .
there 's the us becoming a pushover by china , russia and even iran .
there is the ever increasing number of homeless - caused most likely by unemployment , underemployment and the rise in the standard of living - rent , food and medicine .
of the deterioration of inner cities populated by blacks and latinos .
only if the money is used for the children ! "
fixies " should be exempt because ada .
seem to be getting stuck , want to ` derive ( show ) ` in a data type in # haskell but the type is polymorphic .
@thomasjtobin1 and the catholic church said quit killing 25,000 people a day because they say condoms are bad and if you use one you 'll go to hell .
you guys are sick disgusting people and caused more deaths than any wars .
r&amp;b super producer song writer & amp ; engineer # dontmissyobeat !
™ # outtheboxstudios 708 - 600 - 4475 # booknow @dontmissyobeat @biggrits100 # chicago
apparently none of them realize that thousands of latinos , blacks , asians , lgbt 's , and other minorities , including more tha 50 % of the women voted for trump .
poor little snowflakes , luckily it 's cold outside or they would melt .
but hey spring will be here soon enough .
i say all that to say this , make sure you are in a relationship with someone who understands you just as much as they love you .
first scripted interracial kiss between a white man and black woman on us tv .
sorry .
just sayin ' .
it 's still an important milestone , but not the first interracial kiss on tv .
also wish people were down to take day trips to these places around the us .. sleep in the car , and dip back out ... crazy
... all you got ta do is stop buying everything you buy .
stop breathing too .
i need your air .
ai n't much around here in mile high country so yeah you stop breathing .
mmmmkay ? ? ! !
raccooneggs we need some of raccooneggs jokes in this
@marathiputra she 's claims to be christian ( baptist ? )
african - american and will continue to do so .
even though her father is a jamaican immigrant , and she was raised by a divorced tamil - hindu mother .
jadeja should be a regular player for india .
he 's a great bowler , really good batsman and an amazing fielder !
< user > you ’ re retarded — like actually — that goes for all you astrology people out there aswell
fuck why do bad thing have to happen to my friends :(
everyone and anyone who supports the destruction of pakistan deserve to be hanged # hangtraitorsofpakistan # pashteencapexposed url
fuck you lame ass hoes
how many potatoes does it take ... ... to kill an irishman ?
none .
so i do n't get that puppy .
but the director is apologetic and telling me i can have 50 % off any other dog .
mexicans are assholes .
bring it !
esteban santiago is a beaner muslim build the wall ban muslim immigration trump was right again hail trump
oh , nicole !
with your twirliness and flattering a - line silhouette . & #
128525;&#128525 ; one of my favorites for … https://t.co/hjczztebsc
paul 

 i am glad that you were .
but your obsession about the greeks indicates otherwise .
you have   pointed out alexander 's conquest of egypt , but not anything about ramses or gilgamesh .
shoo hadha ?
i did not have to work with people who converted to orthodoxy from another faith , so i can say little .
faith is god 's gift .
pray to understand and do his will .
if i am not mistaken , there are books about orthodoxy written for people with a catholic or western background .
finally , the easiest and most popular advice to follow is to contact your local priest )
< number > beaners promising to beat a nigress
a wild misdreavus has appeared !
it 's iv is 75.56 .
despawns at 23:12:17 ( 27 m 7s ) .
https://t.co/bg0j72l71v
< user > king of the jews hell he thinks he is the second coming of god
how do you know when your human is cooked ?
oh shit this is n’t google ...
just like racist , sexist , homophobic , islamophobic etc .
eu to muito shook harry styles is a fucking rockstar
some arabs be arguing to the death why they are not white whole time they got pink nipples
@banthebbc @shirleyparnell people in the west would much rather turn a blind eye to this abhorrant abuse instead of acknowledging that this kind of sick act happens day in day out and it is a part of their culture that they are proud of .
if we call it out for what it is somehow we are the ones in the wrong
they sure did and the irony of it all is they said they were doing it to prevent theft by criminals .
in my books the act of theft is what would make you a criminal
latinos ?
the illegal invaders that are the surge of america .
in many professional offices the wife and children are part of the business as employees , and this is permitted .
if you are saying that your spouse did nothing for the corp then you just admitted your a tax cheat .
is too heavy ! ! ! !
eye cream is not re - packaged heavy moisturizer ! ! !
not everything in the goddamn world is a gimmick ! ! ! !
they do n't belong .
they broke the law .
see ya .
get every illegal out .
many came the right way , many are waiting to come the right way .
illegals have no rights .
get them all gone
" the facts are most of the consumption of deep fried food occurs in black and hispanic neighborhoods . "
where 's your evidence harvey ?
are jews stingier ?
blonds dumber ?
mexicans violent rapists ?
i have a phd harvey but that 's no guarantee of anything .
most of the time common sense is sufficient .
when 's the last time you went to a minority neighborhood to " observe the shape " of the inhabitants ?
common sense says never .
you do n't need a phd to look up " stereotype " harvey .
honestly the only woman i would not ever date is a solid black woman hispanics are aye okay asians are qu3 < number > i do not have yellow fever anymore but white girls can be crazy ass folk indian and arab women maybe but they got ta be shaved no negotiating that shit
i support aborting shitskin babies and not white babies
really ?
you've never been out of the country ?
you were born here ?
lay down that pressure on the iffy niggas that will not leap
again you are totally wrong with your facts .
you need to get your facts straight .
the year should be 2001 .
further , the terrorists were not from the us but from foreign countries , they came here and high - jacked the airplanes .
they were not living here as residents .
trump is all rhetoric , he does not mean what he says .
his policy statements are filled with inconsistencies and unsupported by economic and common sense principles .
in hawaii we call that " waha " .
he claims that the democrats are pandering for the black and latino votes , yet he is doing it himself .
trumpy is not sincere but evil and one with no integrity .
he denigrated the filipinos and you want to support him ?
he really has no regard for minorities and nonwhites .
you are being foolish .
rt @05professor : @idontbekaren @kelseysocrazy .... this is what all of my bitches say hahaha http://t.co/dhk7eu97dc
weinstein amazon vox gq the left is eating itself right now the deathmatch du jour is lecherous kikes versus cat ladies we need to meme a race war between nigs and beaners for < number >
they will in my parish , kag .
what a privilege to give communion to people who have been ' constructively dismissed ' by omnipotent moral busybodies , to achnowledge their suffering and to encourage them to take their rightful place amongst the sometimes broken people of god .
we 're busy though so it might have to be our female or teenaged eucharistic ministers who give them communion some sundays .
i 'm sure they will understand though .
seem to be getting stuck , want to ` derive ( show ) ` in a data type in # haskell but the type is polymorphic .
< user > perhaps they could learn how arabs enslaved the africans
did you hear about the constipated mathematician ?
he worked it out with a pencil .
reasons why i hate living in the dorms : the 18 yr old boys on my floor think it 's cute to yell penis as loud as they can
< user > only one misusing scholars words and glorifying slavery here that islam tried to abolish in every way is you tfou 3 leik 🤢 🤮
bitch you a thot , you always hoppin on new cock
yes , the villages have huge issues with lack of leo .
i would imagine that any community that does not have armed police would be a mecca for crime .
however , who would fund every village having police officers ?
the fact that villages have tremendous crime is no different than the crime we have in anchorage .
the bush has isolated areas , limited access and is often days before troopers can arrive .
investigating is difficult , time delay allows everyone involved time to come up with a story , evidence can be destroyed etc .
i think every village should have armed police , no village leo person should ever be without a weapon .
ideally 2 officers should be in every village .
it 's almost impossible to investigate / charge / convict if no one talks .
if the officer is native he is usually somehow related and knows everyone .
if he is n't native , he is viewed as an " outsider " .
i ca n't imagine being in either of those positions .
my exhusband is ak native and our daughter is biracial .
racism hurt my heart .
i had the same realization of the left and right in high school , eventually the extreme left and right parties will join together over a petty fear .
so far the petty fear has been black people , arabic people , hispanic people and soon white people , specifically elitist white people , which includes both trump and hillary .
already defeated by extreme left and right includes cruz , kasich , carlson , bush , and mccain .
national post/ toronto february 4 , 2016 ; 
 “ ... the argument that québec owes alberta or saskatchewan its support because it receives transfer payments , or because “ national unity ” is threatened , is unjust ( “ unjust ” , got it anglo canada ? ) .
wealthy provinces do n’t make direct payments to poor provinces .
the money comes from the federal treasury .
in other words , a wealthy citizen in québec pays more tax into the federal system and funds more equalization than a poorer citizen in alberta ... ( ) ... ” 
 so before vilifying québec as the uncooperative bad guy 
 better check your info , eh clancy ?
and you said ; " ... imagine a have not province with 10 dollar a day care for children maximum ( roc pay 3 or 4 times this ) ... " 
 who ’s lacking innovation here ?
canada is always 10 years behind québec 
 most governed care offer tickets with base contribution of $ 7.75 per day per child and they receive québec government grants to do this ... 
 ( still there ?
more to come )
this nazi should have died < number > yrs ago why is he still breathing
warning from /r / medicine for providing factual information about circumcision , threatened with future permanent removal .
what do you call when america and mexico have a wall in between ?
waste sorting .
rotherham is the trigger for the world whites allowing the rape of white children by paki muslims and covered up for diversity means many mps councillors police should be swinging from a rope and any fucked up media rep who refuses to see the truth
that is interesting .
i wonder how average pay works out between era 's .
contract workers tend to get good wages , but the employer does n't foot the bill for their medical care or other benefits .
yes , that could be part of their contracted wage , so it would nice to see ' total ' compensaion and not just wage / salary data .
latina bruta , joannes .
but we get the idea ....
famous saying “ i felt sorry for myself because i had ragged shoes until i met a man who had no feet ” showgratitude
" do n't tell someone you " " love " " that your waiting for them to be great , instead encourage and help them to be . "
too bad so many are accused but no proof has been presented in court .
remember the thousands of times the liberals screamed " innocent until proven guilty ? "
now that the shoe has turned , they are acting like the vipers they are !
people are losing their jobs , for accusations thirty years ago .
people are accused but not tried .
what 's going on ?
and all popped up right around election time !
hypocrites !
justice is a bitch if you are a criminal lol
question about jeremy meeks 
 " when gangbanger jeremy meeks was released from prison for robbing and beating another boy close to death , his girlfriend married and had children with him " 


 is this quote referring to the girlfriend of the beaten boy or the girlfriend that jeremy was already seeing prior to this ?
what did the little mexican boy get for christmas ?
my bike .
naomi campbell is a cum guzzling whooore
will canadians repay the honour and never forget alan thicke ?
is it just a strange coincidence that the feral dindu in america wanna kill us like their cousins are doing to the white south africans
karen walker : 
 ‏ 

 crooked politicians grow wealthylook at how politicians prospered under obama vs. the average american
usually , " representation " in music videos is one skinny girl of color in the background of a video .
this video celebrates real diversity and i 'm here for it .
this statement is one of the oft repeated lies on this site why because it rightly shines a spotlight on the impact of street and ghetto crime on society while ignoring the far greater impact of corruption and white collar crimes sure no bullet is fired in those < number >
in texas fashion , i referenced someone as a hoe and she called me a nigger ... like damn ... it was n't that serious .
fucking thugs ruining my god damn country !
send her ass back with the rest if em !
guys who do this are stupid and disgusting .
they are the bottom of the barrel .
url
texas is a shithole because it full of niggers i do not know why anybody would live there texans are not tough they are a bunch of pussies they let their whole state be overrun by niggers and mexicans
get them out of our country !
send them back to mexico !
finally got my new toy today a new touchscreen laptop so i 'll be toying with it today testing all different kinds of video features so that 's what i 'll be doing
ibbitson writes : " let 's remember how the conservatives win . "
well , if john is talking about the " cpc " , they win with things like the in and out scam , robocalling , spending record billions of tax dollars to buy the vote ( eg : the " action plan " ) , spending hundreds of millions on overtly partisan govt advertising ( eg : the " action plan " ) , and then they tried to suppress the vote ( the " fair elections act " ) and tried to pander to canadian 's worst instincts ( " the snitch line " ) .
the last two tactics failed miserably and harper was turfed by an electorate who finally tired of the hyper partisan , overly obsessed ( with " getting " the liberals ) , legislative incompetents known as the cpc .
trudeau got a majority because of the overall backlash against the harper cpc and what little it stood for .
the cpc had a chance to re - invent themselves but somehow ended up with scheer .
same rejected tactics except behind a smile this time .
scheer will end up being known as the cpc 's dion .
hi i m 20 year old male in louisville kentucky and have nt found one skin or even any1 proud of being white is there anymore like me out there ?
the republican / trump purges continue .
first , purging voter rolls of those unworthy black , hispanic , democrats , non - christians to rig the entire election process .
next , trump 's election and congress republican control to prevent any government functions at all .
next .
fail to fill all of the vacancies for the positions necessary to actually operate the government .
next .
purge all scientists from all departments to be left empty to accomplish the same thing .
time for a revolution .
shower , put on your best you .
go the fuck to a mall or somewhere where women are . [ ... ]
it 's just science .
it seems to me that as a manager of these 10 types , you would be spending excessive amounts of your time providing them with special treatments to deal with their various eccentricities .
imagine being able to give only one project at a time to the person who 's not organized .
and what about those who do n't fit into any of these categories , presumably the conscientious , hard - working individuals ?
when would you find time to advise and manage them ?
the book is poppycock !
oh no , bike riding faggots are gon na get me for burning some cloth .
on the opposite , dude , we have pretty good idea of what happened and who caused it .
and it is not russia .
if your ukrainian nationalist ilk did not start a violent riot , if you were not yelling “ slaughter russians ” and “ hang the moscowites ” , if you did not start to kill and burn the police with molotov cocktails , if you did not overthrow the government in a violent coup , if you did not force the elected president to flee , there would be no civil war and division of the country .
there would be presidential elections of 2015 and the peaceful life would continue .
next up mexit wet back you go spick
is the glass half full or half empty ?
does n't matter , a few grams of that poison can kill you anyways .
people in mexico are very justifiably upset .
a racist and xenophobic president , trump , made repeated , unwarranted and ignorant comments about mexicans .
current events in mexico and elsewhere are hardly surprising .
oh you mean like count dankula who a self admitted communist with a tattoo of a red star on his chest who just got convicted of being a nazi because he white cowards like you find it very easy to attack the enemies of the jews
mfw beaners buying something at < number > < number > have a conversation with the cashier in spanish
it is that another beaner who won the affirmative action diversity lottery
hmmm could be the crime ridden poverty countries waving bye bye they fled .
must kill collabvm users for the glory of allah
the wall intends to completely and absolutely put to a stop illegal entry into the us .
i have yet to see any anti - trump come up with issues .
there 's   the yearly trade deficits in the billions and yearly budget deficits in the trillions .
there 's the vanishing of factories from the us leaving economic desolation behind .
there 's the us becoming a pushover by china , russia and even iran .
there is the ever increasing number of homeless - caused most likely by unemployment , underemployment and the rise in the standard of living - rent , food and medicine .
of the deterioration of inner cities populated by blacks and latinos .
fuckboys fuckboys every where i go
this is why no man is a misogynist if he demands that condoms be used , that he retain sole control of those condoms prior to and after sex , and that he takes the used condoms with him or disposes of them in the manner he sees fit .
women have many options for temporary birth control .
men have * * one * * and they need to be careful with it lest they get trapped by someone they 're supposed to be able to trust .
no man should ever be strong - armed with exhortations to just trust their partner .
too much is on the line .
i do n't have the energy to fight .
i 'm not going to fight for you to stay .
you either want to be in my life or you don't.bi ca n't change that
1/2 
 < so trump is de facto racist because he criticizes obama 's policies and has a history of questioning obama 's birthplace ( which , of course , remains debatable ) .
> 
 trump 's racism has been evident the whole of his adult life , going back to his early days as an agent for his father 's ( a former klansman ) real estate business .
it 's evident not only in the birtherism drivel , but in his rhetoric about muslims , mexicans , judges , etc .
etc .
ad nauseam .
there was never a legitimate " debate " about obama 's birthplace ( or his religion or his education ) ; this was always and only a racist effort to portray him as the " other " : not one of " us " ; not a christian ; not smart ; not white .
by the time trump was prancing around the country in 2011 pushing this lie , it had already been thoroughly debunked .
there was never a legitimate debate about this .
fun fact : u / tunsku openly hates black people , lgbt people , women , muslims , jews .
i m organizing a massive black lives matter march ... it will start at miami beach , florida 10 am tomorrow morning .
bitch you a thot , you always hoppin on new cock
studies show non whites view freedom completely different than whites for example < number > of hispanics view hate speech as an act of violence which means they would ban it their view of hate speech could be anything wake up your family and friends
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
i m trans as well .
i understand how you feel
does spic look white to blacks
& # 128546 ; # do n't ... & # 128546 ; # do n't ... & # 128546 ; # do n't ... let me down coz i think i 'm losing my mind right now , so do n't let me down ... hey yo ' ... & # 128546;&#128546;&#128546 ;
i 'm really more into strong minded people .
people who have their thoughts intact , not scattered .
people who have figured out what they want .
i did not have to work with people who converted to orthodoxy from another faith , so i can say little .
faith is god 's gift .
pray to understand and do his will .
if i am not mistaken , there are books about orthodoxy written for people with a catholic or western background .
finally , the easiest and most popular advice to follow is to contact your local priest )
man these fucks at cnn make us fucking sick ... ! ! !
we are in full support of throwing the garbage ( illegal aliens ) right out the fucking door .. ! ! ! !
cnn is absolutely right family 's need to stay together .. so they need to get the fuck out and take your bastard welfare kids right with you .. ! ! !
you ever notice everywhere these nasty fucks hang out or live it looks like a garbage dump or landfill site ... ? ?
just take a look at where they live in mexico .. ! !
these nasty fucks have turned that place into a trash dump site ... ! ! !
i used to be an er nurse and listening to my coworkers trash lgbtq patients used to infuriate me .
so i would always volunteer to care for them .
i take care to ask about preferred pronouns and try to provide relevant discharge information .
i hope to become a nurse practitioner and focus on providing comprehensive open primary care to lgbtq community in my area .
i live in sc , and we are 44/50 in primary care .
and when you look at the wpath registered providers for our state ... there are no primary care or endocrinologists listed .
just " counselors " most of them social workers .
< user > < user > well yeah law of averages dictates that something like that would occur more often than not however the rallies are full of white people of course i am not calling them white supremacists i do not know them
< user > < user > they sound like they are islamic
my grandfather drew a drawing of mlk dying a day before it happened .
i guess you could say shit got real
here 's how to fix it all !
pack ! !
you have a problem , you see that country you came from , get with it dis ! !
you the terrorist you mean ? ?
because it is what i mean so take your prayer rugs , liberalism , quran , hadith , muhammed , allahs and find mecca !
how about this ?
http://www.amren.com/news/2015/07/new-doj-statistics-on-race-and-violent-crime/ 

 this table can be used for a number of interesting calculations .
first , we find that during the 2012/2013 period , blacks committed an average of 560,600 violent crimes against whites , whereas whites committed only 99,403 such crimes against blacks .
this means blacks were the attackers in 84.9 percent of the violent crimes involving blacks and whites .
this figure is consistent with reports from 2008 , the last year doj released similar statistics .
perhaps not coincidentally , that was the year mr. obama was elected president .
interestingly , we find that violent interracial crime involving blacks and hispanics occurs in almost exactly the same proportions as black / white crime : blacks are the attackers 82.5 percent of the time , while hispanics are attackers only 17.5 percent of the time .
nothing new .
remember our " journalists " who were pitbulls during the hickel and murkowski adminstrations but were magically asleep at the wheel during the eight years in between when knowles was governor .
johnny is just acting like a stupid white male who thinks everything obeys him .
diversity is just a code word for " less white people" .... lets be fucking real here 😆 url
are white people allowed to have their own countries should asians be able to move to any white nation they like and open pho shops and nail salons
the gasping old party ca n't win because they have alienated the vast majority of women , blacks , latinos , asians , millennials , lgbts , the poor - the list goes on .
and this continues despite the ' autopsy ' the party big wigs held years back that concluded the republican'ts must have a ' bigger tent . '
so much for that .
how shameful that murkowski , sullivan and young are all in for trump .
that is proof positive that they do n't listen to the people they are supposed to represent , and put party over all else .
they 'll own that for years and years .
pathetic .
trump is toast ?
how 'd that referendum on trump work out for you yesterday in ga . ?
liberals poured 25 million into the race and still lost .
just as with hillary , democrats picked the wrong candidate .
plus the guy could n't even vote for himself because he did n't live in the district he was running for .
just like here in alaska .
democrats keep sending poor quality candidates to run against don young and then scratch their heads wondering why they lost again and again and again and again .
to be fair , they could n't even find one good democrat to run for governor last election so maybe they just do n't have any good people within their ranks .
mess with the bull you get the fucking horns , asshole , bitch , fucking cunt , whore bag .
bring on the war cause i 'm not backing down for no fucking puto .
😈
agreed , the blacks and hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites .
@helper2 @owlwoman911 _ skank weasels sexually frustrated .
muslim twerp head , brooklyn tostada twirler .
skank mouth .
black follow the stank sent of tuna .
you are n’t doing any favors to liberalism by stating that trump is implicitly ok with murdering hispanics .
it makes you sound a bit unbalanced and no different than when republicans said stuff like this about obama .
this is a trend that i have seen in many publications , not just the g&m. my understanding is that the push for the change came from the actresses themselves .
they felt that often their performances were under rated due to their gender .
they wanted to be accepted as artists and their sex should not be an issue .
a double digit drop in home prices along with a decline in the loonie 's value is just like declaring open season on vancouver housing for foreign buyers .
this scenario will neutralize the effects of the 15 % foreign buyers tax .
the boc should try head off this scenario by starting to raise rates
jesus is weeping .
stop taking in immigrants , close the border until the ones here can be deported .
they are fake asylum seekers , they are profit seekers that 's it .
if we had no politicians in d.c .
at least < number > months out of the year we could save millions on sexual harassment payouts we could visit d.c .
without getting dirty
@money route what u whtte rat not scared ?
lol u typical deluded drug addict gay wedding product puxxy , 5foot 6 ?
lol that s u fccking whte rats , chinese average is 179 cm , the one of tallest in entire world , that s why yao ming is tallest nba players , while u merican rats especially whte rats are all born dwarfs , and u maericans are most useless pxxys everybody in world beat shat out of u in war , even somalian pirates with no guns , and come to china , face to face , i can beat sht out of u with my one hand
trump is a paper tiger .
like most bullies , he backs down when opponents push back .
the one china policy , obamacare , the   mexican wall , north korea .
his threats have proved baseless .
with the attention span of a 14 - year - old   gamer buzzed on red bull ,   trump 's interest in nafta will soon fall by the wayside .
there are far too many potholes for him to fix on the road to make america great again .
once another shiny object gets his attention ,   the adults should be able to work out an agreement suitable to all parties .
he was pretty dark , so he 's probably not paying rent because he 's an illegal and does n't know english .
i can tell when a bitch is fake gay and it 's so annoying
sickened but not surprised by what happened at pax earlier today .
pax has a history of making poor decisions at the cost of women 's safety .
jerry69 , unfortunately , racism in america is still alive .
the racists are supporting the politician who called mexicans " criminals , drug dealers , and rapists , " who said that a judge was biased because " he 's a mexican , " who said that arabs " were cheering when the world trade center came down , who was sued by the justice department for discrimination against african - americans in renting apartments , who confirmed that the travel ban is a ban on muslims , and who refused to condemn white supremacists who were campaigning for him ,   trump took advantage of racial animus , and it propelled him to win the election .
https://www.thenation.com/article/economic-anxiety-didnt-make-people-vote-trump-racism-did/
congrats and i hope you both have very happy and long lives together !
democrats are inviting illegal immigrants who were fired from trump golf club to the state of the union address good now invite ice
i agree with your safer premise .
then again , if i were selecting and there was a choice of someone competent , proven , and capable in the ranks that more likely had been always anti - positioned outspokenly opposite the problematical status - quo , i would prefer that applicant as being able to hit the ground running .
i would chance that on the probability tree of choice .
the legal ones hate the illegals more than anyone else since they are causing them problems by the behavior .
i know many hispanics and also blacks that are voting for trump and actually encouraging others to do the same !
maybe you can get a visitors pass to see killary in her prison cell !
a couple of kids broke my windshield the other day .
< repeat > a couple of kids broke my windshield the other day , but the police say it 's my fault , because apparently i " should have braked " .
says the kike cunt trying to charge for premium content how that working for you 😆 obviously nobody gives a fuck what you have to say cuz you are a fucking joke go blow some wetbacks behind the burrito stand and you might make a buck lick balls heebhole premium cunt contributor
youtube - grandson attacks and rapes 87 - year - old bed - ridden amputee grandmother youtube - police are looking for flash mob of black teens who robbed dupont circle store .
mansfield i love how you just hang your racism out like that .... as i 've said before , racism is alive and well in america , and its home is on the left ... 🇺 🇸 trump 2020 🇺 🇸 ! ! !
per table 43 the probability of a black committing any type of crime : murder , rape , robbery , burglary , embezzlement , vehicle theft is much higher than any other ethnic group .
asians are the most law abiding .
no category for hispanics .
american indians commit crimes roughly in proportion to their numbers as a % of the population .
blacks , by far , are much more likely to commit a crime per table 43 .
nice of you to ignore your denial of the anchorage daily news pulitzer to fall back on the old claim that state longevity has more value than facts .
you are apparently one of the voters who has installed and kept the republican dynasty in place for all of these years .
i 'll stick with adn for all - alaskan news , not just local municipalities .
here is the part i do not get sweden drove assange to the embassy because they wanted to pursue a rape prosecution against him yet they look the other way when their native women are savagely raped and brutalized by immigrant animals why
ah , you do n't want ' them ' to be accommodated .
the ' them ' that in the past has been black , chinese , latino , gay , lesbian .
and it might make a soldier uncomfortable ?
if it does , then that snowflake soldier ai n't gon na be much of a soldier if that 's all it takes to affect his / her morale .
have you thought at all bout this fakenose , or do you just post your prejudices anyway ?
nope , we would n't went ' them ' in the military .
or as neighbours , huh , fakenose ?
shut your mouth tranny
slick willie had the luxury of being potus before the internet .
back then , publications needed circulation if any scandal could emerge .
his seduction tactic was a live version of weiner 's selfie .
then a woman 's word only went so far , now with social media , the blogosphere , and smartphones that pre - internet world is done .
# a woman fucking morrowind mods nude https://t.co/yanzhdx5xi
actually , many folks know nothing about the bible .
so , is it any wonder many people have become so one - track minded and judgemental about absolutely everything ?
never any greys ... just blacks and whites will be the undoing of civilization .
to everyone going through any struggle or pain right now , keep your head up , and keep on smiling , you 'll get through it .
wack af you dumb piece of shit
ok i get it the chinks are innocent now shut up lol
michael wickson pretty sure he a leaf and his mom gave him a spic baby brother haha
an irishman a mexican and a scotsman are at the top of a magic slide .
when they 're going down the slide the say something and a pool of it will be waiting for them at the bottom .
so the scotsman yells " whiskey ! "
and slides down the slide .
the mexican says " tequila ! "
and slides down the slide .
their wishes came true !
so the irishman walks up to the slide .
he slips , as he slips he lands headfirst on the slide and screams " shit " .
all immigrants are trash this is a white country trump 2020
i think sehun is really mixed .
is n't it obvious that he 's a demigod ?
he 's aphrodite 's son ! #
sehun @weareoneexo url
it only hit the beaner city
i 'm not apart of the lgbtq+ community but i have friends who are which means that i will always love and support the pride movement .
❤ ️ 🏳 ️‍ 🌈
these niggas suck .
so that 's what justifies stealing the pfd from the people ?
you 're calling us the ' give me ' generation , yet you seem to condone ' giving away ' our tax royalties to the billionaire oil companies .
of all the oil states in the world , we get the least return on our investment and it seems to me that we have gotten the most corruption .
the norway model would have been awesome , yet ' les sigh ' we are trapped by lobbyists who sway our elected representatives to look the other way and sometimes give away our just due .
post about domesticated violence against men on r / the_donald - just reached r / all
< user > do not include egypt we are not arabs
when ur about to take a bomb ass selfie and ur phone dies :'(
deadass moved to biz to get away from ghetto ass natives who steal from me damn i must be that fucking cool for people to steal my shit 🤣 🤣
boohoo .
maga
let those fuck face cock sucking cunt get called as mass murderer .
they will be remembered for killing innocent ciitzens .
their punishment will be their wives raped .
or probably their daughter
this is the biggest problem which faces our race today as more non white immigrants move in whites do nt want to live in or near their ghettos .
@bigbabyjamaican @lisettea13 @marchofdimes @nygovcuomo america will never achieve heard immunity ; hundreds of unvaccinated , infected illegals criss into our country every single day .
have to close the borders first .
ok good people i am gabbed out sorry for porn i will remember from now on nsfw no sex for women i ve got add but i will try to remember no sex for women
this is the biggest problem which faces our race today as more non white immigrants move in whites do nt want to live in or near their ghettos .
agreed and the ones all ready here must go and take their dumbass american wives with them idk how many american women are marrying muslims but in the the uk it the cool thing to marry the muslim charmer boys to avoid the party scene
yep and hispanic kids continue to under perform in school .
but hey !
we walked out of class ! !
here is a website that tracks his election promises - but don''t think it tracks his most recent promises .
all in all , lacklustre to say the least : 
 https://trudeaumetre.polimeter.org/
" if you build it they wo n't come . "
huh , mexicans are born sappers .
< user > vincent d onofrio is a fucking actor lol what he got going on that is relatable to us in any way he white has money probably never had a fight in his life never had to hustle piff or crills just to eat or avoiding getting shot
jayda fransen britain first was arrested at today 's justice for chelsey demonstration .
< user > < user > < user > u can make up anything to fit your argument only a dummy thinks a victim getting a settlement for being raped is selling herself remy shot a woman so of course she sides with the rapists and not the victim ghetto mentality
< user > i saw < happy > thank you
me too , i 'm getting warnings for deeming civil some very innocuous , if wrong and silly , but perfectly polite , posts , and getting my perfectly polite comments deleted .
surely if it better to rebut , than repress entirely .
if a nigga not over protective than wtf you doing ? ? ?
sick sick how about criminal how about felony how about treasonous why is not this ugly beaner under arrest oh right because racism
i am in orlando , and i am also searching for people who are proud of their heritage .
email if you are intrested in talking
please throw these 3 illegal alien terrorists big mouth " women " ( and i use the term loosely ) out of our united states of america !
now !
how did they sneak past the wall ?
why is anna acting like she black 😊
weinstein amazon vox gq the left is eating itself right now the deathmatch du jour is lecherous kikes versus cat ladies we need to meme a race war between nigs and beaners for < number >
the us army liberals are gon na help jews bring more refugees from the middle east so thay can attack americans and stomp of the usa flag american soldiers and liberals are the same thing liberals help jews persecute capitalists locally for money soldiers help jews persecute capitalists abroad for money
@danielotabor people bleach their skin to look ' prettier ' or more acceptable because they feel lighter skin shades are better .
anything to help dead that mentality is needed .
the song is one such approach .
in a way , it 's part of what mlk jnr fought for .
" the winner will earn a minimum of $ 72 - million annually for the 22 years of the deal , as well as up to 70 per cent of gambling revenue , according to the olg . "
and , the olg says that it will increase its contribution to provincial revenues by $ 1 b on top of the above .
and when none of that actually happens , who will be held responsible for the sham perpetrated on the people of ontario ?
paul godfrey ?
hardly ; he 's busy running the national post into the ground .
no shit but if you do not think blacks and mexicans and white supremacists do not get into fights you are naive and have no clue
asians are < number > percent of uc irvine < number > percent of berkeley and < number > percent at ucla your grandkids will be asian and u r worried about a few jews lmao
that they wipe their ass with water and hands in burma
kind of in the same boat , except my parents are still together and they both are trans and homophobic and the only way for me to transition is if i move to a different state .
i know how you feel and i 'm sorry your dad has to be that way .
totally average straight , middle aged , white , american guy here .
my totally average straight , middle aged , white / black / native , american friends and say i love you to each other all the time .
we 've lost a few friends the past couple of years and our mortality has been front and center , so the practice just kind of crept in .
i like it .
# thinking so efe could actually stay 3 months without smoking weed .
you people should just give him the money .
ije ego & # 128514 ; & # 128514 ; & # 128514 ;
zio trumps job promises are lies a study by the pro immigration group fwd us reveals an amnesty to daca recipients wld mean the hundreds of thousands of illegal beaners currently holding jobs in the u.s .
wld be able < number > remain at those jobs rather than those opportunities opening up < number > white americans
a recruit dies after falling off a building because he was running from abuse ?
f*ck these boot camp sociopath perverts and f*ck the marines !
you do n't defend my freedom , i defend my own damn freedom .
let any fuck face try to infringe on my rights , and you 'll meet my rifle .
you defend the us government 's freedom to rape developing countries in order for us businesses to continue making money in any way they can .
and f*ck trump !
talk about people being babies : look at the stupid white people in this country losing .
their .
shit .
all because we had a black president and now we 'll have a madame president .
thank the goddess that latinos are breeding faster than white people in this country .
maybe the marines can free us all from the bat shit crazy christians and their own forms of sharia law , but they 're too busy jerking each other off , so maybe it 'll have to be the mexicans .
if you are n't the target of the satire , then how could i be trying to mock you ?
> you attack people attempting to find peace in the middle of this desolation because you have no compassion for the people who have watched this happen , from the general convention walkouts to the courtroom in saint george today . [ ... ]
maybe you could ask jesus to be civil , as well ?
one way of really protecting your privacy would be to not have a facebook account .
peope are so sick , i seriously hate this one person with a passion , chat shit but get shitty bum in person ! !
@bratavio destroyed you ! ! !
hawaii invites refugees to their island and the volcanos said fuck no lmao
.. it 's hard to supply toothbrushes and toilet paper with instructions in spanish .
also we need a higher tax on the american people to pay for the other 150 million coming form south america for some free healthcare and toiletries .
maybe we could provide ships to pick up illegals in europe and bring them to one of our better concentration camps ..
as a canadian i 'd be happy to take any of these people into my country and my home .
very short nose for a hispanic whilst arabs also have long noses moroccans and north africans tend not to he could be from the middle east but it would be an outrageous construction for the cops
1 .
she lives in a third world shithole ( pardon my french ) that 'll age you   2 .
she has huge oversized teeth   3 .
she speaks about her shithole in ecuador like it 's some majestic kingdom and that america is the shithole .
4 .
she 's super arrogant
fucked a white bitch in the ass she shitted call it a mcflurry
if you look like this asshole you must be a spic the only thing lower on the food chain than a f*cking < censored > spic is a f*cking < censored > muslim clearly i do not do pc i actually passed the first grade
judging by these responses in r / videos female on male rape is a very common problem that is almost never discussed
as demonstrated by his many bankruptcies perhaps he can sidestep this based on absence of ' profit ' .
however , he would need to release his tax documents under discovery to demonstrate that .
he should release his taxes if he has nothing to hide .
pro life would include providing affordable healthcare to people and it would it not take food stamps from people , those who claim to be pro life are really just pro birth they do n’t give a damn once the child is born .
< user > < user > i hate you 😂
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > that he more concerned with managing appearance than any actual substance all picaninny and no spaff very trumpesque
no latino , trump says : " bigly " not " big league . "
what an absolute idiot .
this moron running for president ca n't even understand correct usage of common words .
normally i just ignore gop solicitations but i really should start returning them with a note that says fuck you ask one of your pet beaners for some money
i want to see my woman
all time = starting five 

 of course crosby is in the top 100 , or 50 

 by the time he is done , possibly top 10 or 20 

 but i doubt he will ever be top 5 .
one of our strongest tools in stopping violence against women is public shame of the abuser and public support of the victim .
that 's besides the point .
the fact remains that one can be moral / good / etc without being christian , contradicting what you said earlier : > being non - christian is in itself a bad thing .
it is incompatible with being good .
that s what she get for merrying a lowlife dirtbag edomite trash ..... lost is justice for stabbing her black community in the back ...... just like tiger woods oj simpson charles black trash barkley and the rest of those who merry white trash women and nasty white kkk and nazi men ..... i have no feelings to what happens to you for merrying outside your race ..... and ill do the same if my son or daughters do the disgusting white thing .... i teach mines to stay with your own rather its black latnios or native americans .... negro must stay with in the the tribes .... not easu the devil ....
< user > fuck y ’ all white bitch add niggas on god
the pen may be mightier than the sword , 

 but a sword wo nt leak in your pocket , ruining a good pair of trousers .
i see the primitives in londonstahn has been given permission to fly the anti trump balloon over the caliphate .
sadly our once great capital city has fallen down to the status of a third world shyte hole .
where the county lines drugs gangs & islamic terrorists rule the streets
ca n't wait until i 'm your priority how i used to be .. even though i know that ai n't gon na happen i can just hope / wish
got ta fw a nigga that chase money instead of bitches when y all on bad terms
your last 3 paragraphs add to a dialogue .
" conservative " is not the same as extreme .
nor liberal .
extremists co - opted the term conservative .
we should reject binary either / or and embrace both / and .
grey is larger than black and white .
a point of the la civilta article , no ?
" tentative leadership " is taking a stand .
is this article birthing a new form of leadership ?
significant the authors of la civilta are protestant and catholic , bringing to the table 2 dominant players in christian divergence .
the rcc is the singular majority christian group and invited the protestant pastor to the table to write this watershed article .
currently , republicans are talking about democrats being at the table for the reform of healthcare .
republicans are the majority ; they have yet to invite the democrats to the table .
in the issue of extreme religious interpretation the vatican has invited protestant equality to discern conflict .
affirm : each need to clean their own house !
dems and reps , too !
in the < number > < number > zipper head and slope were pretty fashionable i do believe they covered the gambit of asians
you show so much ignorance and disrespect towards those victims when you say such things about a leader who is nothing like that monster whom you are referring to .
trump is not racist he just does nt care about your entitled pc loving liberal views .
i am latino amd love mexico , truth be told mexicans are racist big time amd they know they are taking advantage of the usa , so do nt feel sorry for mexico .
in fact focusing on border security is going to help not hurt mexico .
now the usa will pay more attention to the drug and human trafficking that the mexican officials ignore and even contribute to .
so yes i am a latino for trump not because he is a good people person but because he is a great leader who can help take care of business on this side of the globe !
what does any of that have to do with racial preservation and the resistance to the deliberate and calculated extermination of the white race and the destruction of western civilization which 99 % of the members of this site are concerned with ?
cardinal sarah warns that an apostasy is underway in many parts of the world , and in some parts of the church url
i live and work in atlanta , we have " black flight " .
i have co - workers and neighbors who have moved to my neighborhood to get away from urban decay , and fewer young black men on the streets .
i have also met folks who have moved to atlanta to get away from baltimore , philadelphia , chicago , because of dysfunctional neighborhoods .
but they really do not want to talk about it in terms of policing , what many blacks , whites , and hispanics will do is just say " hey i am not like those lowlifes , getting out of here " .
why do mexicans never have sex ed and driver 's ed on the same day ?
they have to give the donkey a break at some point .
gay minecraft porn
< user > i would also say that not too bad considering the country got raped by the us
anyone who starts a tweet with the word " ladies " can fuck right off !
url
ok i 've been trying to figure out what this todokaras thing was but now i .. see i thought i was misreading some bnha pairing
why do mexicans never have sex ed and driver 's ed on the same day ?
they have to give the donkey a break at some point .
url indian fans do watch and support team india for their future matches !
☝ 💗 👌
if we do n't recognize god in each other we are denying the full meaning of the incarnation and are left with nothing more than another expression of religiosity in an overcrowded religious marketplace .
actually , i understand one thing jesus said at the last supper was " everyone who wants in the picture get on this side of the table " !
:-d
the muslim girl you speak of was beaten to death by an illegal immigrant from a latin american country .
he was not " white " , and therefore probably does n't actually fit your narrative .
< user > sex repulsion is still valid though and needs to be respected no matter how uncommon it is i am not asexual but i still experience sex repulsion often and people are acting like people who experience it are prudes and trying to shame queer sexuality
hwasa has spent her entire life dealing with prejudice because of the way she looks and the strength she has to push that aside and aim to change people 's ideas of what beauty is in terms of makeup , skin color , body shape , etc .
is incredible !
macrocornea lookin ass bitch
clueless boomer jews do nt want refugees because muslims hate them
do you put brown above or in the same category as the marshall / green / julio tier ?
or is he at the top of the next group ?
< user > hopefully global warming will just kill all humans and then the earth can move on from this relationship
you would n't know a fact if it was up in you .
he he he
yawnsville man - when is he going to talk about his attempt to sink clinton during the campaign .
comey is going to go down in history as just another political hack .
to put things in perspective , our founding fathers were thinking in terms of quill pens and soap boxes when they wrote the 1st amendment , not television , the internet and giant media conglomerates .
you bitches loyal to someone that ’ fucking soo many different bitches i feel you tho
happy pride month everyone !
lets rub our rainbows all up in every homophobes face more than usual because this is our month ! ! !
url
@graham_goulden people do things they think they will get away with .
currently in america racism at all levels is on that list .
apparently they thought this was okay because the rope was tied to handcuffs and not his wrists !
great letter rudy !
i 'm surprised adn printed it though .
i have to work tomorrow … the ghetto 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄
don227 , 
 you lost all credibility at " accusing all   mexicans of being rapists . "
fact , some   mexican come to commit criminal acts or rapes .
big difference .
the rest of your opinion , all the g&m false opinions you learnt to believe .
this guys hispanic , and scitzo now some crazy white christians are probably going to go commit some hate crimes .
i think the police and fbi dropped the ball and let to much information out about their screw up by giving his gun back , and releasing his insane ramblings of the right medias hate&fear campaign   inciting hate toward middle eastern people .
lets hope nothing else comes of this .
by the way more u.s. citizens are shot and killed by toddlers every year than isis .
statistically you should be more afraid of   toddlers that s why we keep um locked up   !
.http://greatstartforkids.org/sites/default/files/image/child%20family%20photos/evacuation%20crib%20photo.jpg
same !
i work at a high school , and some of my very valid trans and enby kids are the perfect height for head - pats .
and yet ... 😓 someday .
there is no evidence , none , that getting government out of health care and bringing in the vaunted free market will make this situation better .
this argument is born of the pseudo - lobbyists who operate at the heritage foundation under the guise of being a think tank .
meanwhile across the globe we see a variety of different systems being employed by comparable nations .
they all have two things in common , one they get as good or better health care and two , they get it for much cheaper .
there is only one direction we should be heading in , more and better government involvement .
darrell revis took ya < number > receiver and made sure than nigga ain ’ t get < number > yards
# pridemonth2019 is a celebration of : gay lesbian bisexual pansexual asexual trans genderfluid non - binary gender non - conforming and many other things !
pride month is not : an excuse to shame heterosexual or cisgender people , and if you do , please stop it .
~a pansexual transgirl
@toysrgood guess what , the constitution does not defend you from being offended .
racists come in all colors so get over it .
too bad .
names do n't hurt so you can call white people racist all day , do n't care .
overused .
go find a safe space snowflake .
that is why trump 2020 will be a landslide
i 'm sure i speak for many jews when i say i 'm sick of being used as a prop by fascistic republican politicians to emotionally manipulate gullible conservative voters .
they do it with unborn fetuses , they do it with soldiers , and they do it with jews .
the world 's comedians will have fun with this : 
 the owner called a fat old groper 's presence in the white house a “ breath of fresh air . ”
....... ha !
your leafs 5 pts clear of 9th - placed tb , who 've got 5 games to go .
your leafs win the 1st tiebreaker , row 37 - 34 , as it stands now , so the lead is actually 6 pts .
to blow it now would be 1 of the worst collapses in sports history , rivalling the 4 - 1 meltdown in the last half of the 3rd period of the 7th and deciding game of the your leafs - bruins series a few playoffs back .
your leafs 10 - 2 - 1 run of late , a fluke , they are for sure no way that good , and things do have a way of evening out .
lady luck , she 's a fickle 1 .
sens got a lot of bodies on dl , tb , fla guys hurt all year , buf .
bisons are as good as your leafs , saw it here last week , save for the hurts .
no injuries for the fabled blue - and - white of any note this season , but that always evens out , too .
karma is a you - know - what .
some guy on the radio touting babcock for coach - of - the - year , again .
been going on since he got here .
can you get best coach cuz your team had no injuries and all your rivals did ?
bottom ‏ < user > no dignity respect 4 women acid attacks rape abuse or gay people thrown off rooftops have we not just fought for 1 0 0 yrs 2 get where we r 🤔
we have to have different oscars .one for women , one for black , one for latinos , one for gays .
everybody are happy
< user > < user > oh no being a mediocre white guy is not panning out wah time to be a nazi
< user > < user > shut up retard i m going to sleep do nt do anything dumb
which is exactly what he said
@radiofreetom some women of color say the dumbest shit every day .
like you @aoc
some people will believe anything .
trump despises mexicans or did you forget that ?
could be triggering but i always post pics of food on my snapchat to fool people into thinking i m eating well
this is the superior , aryan way to wage war .
we must learn from our european masters .
what you see as " inject[ing ] race " is just pointing out the antics of the right , and boy , does that make you snowflakes # triggered .
are you co - workers ?
are you best friends ?
a lot of you forget that the latino refugees are fleeing the cia created mayhem , terror and slaughter going on in south america right now .
not everyone is from mexico .
go ahead and type , what is the cia 's role in creating terrorism " ?
or " what is the cia 's role in toppling south america 's governments " ?
i see not too many mention a wall to protect america from canada .
meaning canada is another colonial country stolen from the natives by britain and france , several more terrorism creating countries who depends on invading and occupying other countries , so a chosen few could leech off other peoples resources and lands like parasites .
no one mentions canada because the a lot of the people entering america are white skinned not brown .
got news for you , most of the terrorist attackers look blonde and white skinned and would not have acted if not for america 's politicians thinking its still okay to steal other countries resources by trickery and invasions .
@akshaykumar ।
the role of rustom played by akshaykumar is very natural .
he give good judgement to that role .
result is infront of you .
work hard this week usfam the democrats need a few million more immigrants and refugees to steal the next election
pedophiles ai n't shit & the people who excuse their behavior ai n't shit either , you dumb fucks y' all need prison time & help ! ! !
21 apr 2018 avicii do n’t wake up anymore
dank memes are desert sand asters are lightpink steve harwell from smash mouth is a lesbian and so on
everyone is aware trump has the right to say things such as of a female journalist , " there was blood coming out of her wherever " or his reference to clinton 's visit to the restroom during the debates as " too disgusting " or when he said about latinos " they 're rapists , " they are simply questioning his judgement and fitness for the highest office in the nation due to his willingness to defame and denigrate entire groups of his fellow citizens based on their ethnicity , religion or sex for the purpose of gaining votes .
there are de jure and de facto limits to free speech : you ca n't yell " fire " in a crowded theater without risking arrest and you ca n't call someone " nigg*r " or " c*unt " without risking injury in many cases .
trump wo n't be arrested of course , he 'll just be put out to some pasture where hideous , old , shriveled , small - handed tycoons belong .
he 's promised not to show his face again after losing .
for the good of the country , let 's hold him to that .
perhaps the wind bag will sue him for the billions that the lieberals tried to slide from the books .
< user > common for trump groupies rt < user > nigger sand nigger all the same oh yea wetbacks too
deport them all .
send them back where they came from .. shoot them !
they 're violent
tiny heads 
 i have a tiny head , if you took the head off a gi joe and replaced it with a tic - tac that would be me .
trans people do n't need hrt to be seen as valid to others , we need it to feel comfortable in our own bodies regardless of what others think of us .
ai n't no love in the ghetto & # 128148 ;
falconnewsreel about time , deport them all and build the wall !
demonrats want to give free health care to illegal immigrants but do n't want to count them ?
seriously , how do you budget free healthcare ?
democrats are f$&king morons !
black racist gay lives matter to the obuma 's & whoopi weaveberg
get off your high armchair and go back to your chapo shithole .
restraining people is hard , especially someone like this who 's off his meds , high on cocaine and running into traffic , endangering not only himself but the lives of others .
i ca n't with this disrespect ass bitches
keep those families separated ! ! !
make conditions as miserable as possible ! ! !
let it be known that if you attempt to ' migrate ' here , you will suffer ! ! !
y’know , humans are a lot like pokemon .
only the rarer ones that are different colours are captured and put to work .
tlc needs to do a better job screening these people pos laura should not have been on the show she was here illegally not to mention she owes child support for one of her kids and sucks in bed per her ex husband real trailer trash 90 day fiance
a fairy , an unicorn , a good mexican and a bad mexican found a treasure chest .
who will take it ?
the bad mexican , as the others do n't exist .
dear jesus ,   we have a bunch of lunatics that worship some dog named allah trying hijack america , democrats that steal from us & then lie about it , illegal aliens that rape & murder our citizens & frankly we could use a little help down here please ! #
kag url
* whispers * hey guys .
being free from abuse / harassment does n't have to be monetized .
it should be for everyone .
i can show you the way .
what s a similarity between coins and people the brown ones are not worth as much
i live around western new york and i can not stand the puerto ricans in my school .
i wonder how any times this same video was posted on this thread .
@msf @msf_usa more heroes : the doctors fighting us immigration agents trying to disturb and hurt migrants , some of them pregnant , while they are hospitalized .
url
blocking bitches today
sometimes just the knowing is enough !
all these pro - bigotry people constantly whine about " special rights " , no , the laws protect all of us , whether we need it or not !
divert migrants to latin america ... 
 excellent , they will enjoy living in amazon rainforest .
the legal ones hate the illegals more than anyone else since they are causing them problems by the behavior .
i know many hispanics and also blacks that are voting for trump and actually encouraging others to do the same !
maybe you can get a visitors pass to see killary in her prison cell !
what do you call a building full of mexicans and blacks ?
prison
there used to be around 20 dcs in the metro area alone , now with 17 in the state , that 's a telling sign about the decrease in print circulation .
dry creek , parker , mississippi , yale , oakland , smith rd , norwood , oxford , valencia , quebec , asbury , bryant , grove ( ? -
close to federal ) , parfet , violet , jewell , marshall , huron , eastman , teller , quincy & several more .
just in the city .
just for the post .
guys , shoot that bitch .
rt @hotwata : & # 8220;@vsamone : tom ford probably fucking all these hoes&#8221 ; he probably would be if he was n't a homosexual
fuck outta here refugee
so after reading all the lofty mission statement stuff , what is a book nook ?
do you know what was in the unit where the fire started ?
do n't you think it a good idea to know that before you try to fix something without knowing how and why the fire started ?
" never forget to hate brown people "
muh based peanut butter dat da oneliest invention whites ain t steal from da black man actually blax ain t invent no peanut butter but it possible their < number > invention was slavery de jews invented da turrible turrible legacy of slabery ™
sometimes i question myself by the people around me .
they cause me to change how i am , no wonder i 'm so fucked up .
c : # bot
damn , that lefty city must stink .
sweaty feminists wiping under their pendulous breasts with old ariana grande t - shirts .
obama 's favorites drenched in every alley , offering sweet release to democrat politicians .
michael obamas skipping through the hallways , their make - up running , their flapping naughties dripping onto the carpet .
robert de niro shadow - boxing in a phone booth .
the cuomos eating raw hot dogs in their tighty whiteys .
aoc cooking .
why does every1 come in my room and never shut the fucking door
i have noticed a high number of people getting iphones , been tellin ' y' all that apple is the standard ⚡ ️&#128242;&#128268 ;
last february , the archdiocese of mexico called america 's immigration measures to limit immigration and expel illegal immigrant criminals as " migrant terrorism " and " a true act of terror . "
so we have bishops of mexico saying it 's morally right that 15 million mexican catholics illegally entered the u.s. , that any and all mexicans have a right to u.s. citizenship , and that any legal american who objects to it is a terrorist .
“ the more a man knows , the less he talks . ”
― voltaire
< user > she is just child so sad to hear people so islamphobic she could do no harm to nobody she was just brainwashed
says the kike cunt trying to charge for premium content how that working for you 😆 obviously nobody gives a fuck what you have to say cuz you are a fucking joke go blow some wetbacks behind the burrito stand and you might make a buck lick balls heebhole premium cunt contributor
keep those families separated ! ! !
make conditions as miserable as possible ! ! !
let it be known that if you attempt to ' migrate ' here , you will suffer ! ! !
all the mainstream media in sweden is of course leftist communist spewing out lies and propaganda on a daily basis only retarded people believe in them nowadays
yes !
i , a deplorable , basement - dwelling , bucket of idiot , b@st@rdized catholic , needy latino , everyday american black super predator , muslim ne’er - do - well sand negro , shall vote for clinton .
she shall unite us all — just like she promised at the convention !
i know that the russians are trying to rig our elections by telling everyone how we tried to rig our elections .
it does not matter that bill turned the white house into a brothel , lied to congress , and was disbarred for perjury , then had to make a nearly $ 1,000,000 settlement .
bill is not running for president ; his enabler is .
there is no story here !
whenever you are called out or cornered for disruptive behavior , pull out the race card .
aoc just sounds like she is following the dnc playbook .
pelosi is just singling out women that are terrorists , islamic fundamentalists , racists and un - american .
if bitches wanna nigga , get off the couch and go fine one&#128129 ;
these braids are coming down tonight & amp ; i will be back to the wild haired child .. my hair needs to breathe naturally ..
far left and far right will eventually embrace violence and mutually destroy one another possibly leaving the path clear for a truly sustainable egalitarian society you are all being played so goddamn hard it hilarious
here truth she a nigger on jew payroll recruiting mestizo street shitter immigrants
@gloriouslizzie queer agendas are best started with brunch !
and happy pride to you !
and i agree , the young ones need visible examples the most , good on you friend .
if you really are a latino , you are reading from the wrong book .
you need an update .
the days of immigrants becoming white by learning to hate black people are history .
the only latinos for which that that strategy worked are old cubans .
this is the 21st century .
i 'd focus on the aspect of forced integration and that the whites acted in response to that , first .
i 've been thinking about during that damn movie i hate when people follow me srry if i 'm late .
this is what most american people with their electoral college wanted and voted for .
this is what they call democracy .
we canadians can only watch and wait for the next shoe to drop .
it would be entertaining if it were n't so serious .
in a few weeks , americans will celebrate lincoln and washington .
both had their wars and the country was very divided .
now we watch the markets .
planned parenthood locates in poor neighborhoods because that ’s where blacks and hispanics are .
" get real / realistic , we / the world do n't really need the americans for anything .
lets act that way . "
sure .
why with the us out of the global picture we can all rely on peace loving human rights respecting china to deal with the world in a perfectly reasonable way .
maybe we can even increase our current trade deficit with china from $ 46b / year to $ 246b / year .
that would be swell !
" reminding with an explanatory - statement of the call to the readiness for deployment to defend al - aqsa mosque before the event and that we wrote it upon knowledge from allah before more " 25 - 07 - 2017 07:22 am imam nasser muhammad al - yemeni url = --*- *
< user > this is a islamic handle
lol * * * * * grabber really fires you up hey .
i assume you 've never spent time in an auto body shop , construction site , oil rig , poker game , night out with the boys lol .
if i was getting recorded that line would be the least of my worries hahaha .
next what racism .
the only remote form of racism i 've heard was wanting to kick out illegal immigrants that happen to be mostly mexican .
i do n't see any issue with that as they are in fact illegal , end of story .
next what ignorance to scientific fact .
man made climate change is no scientific fact .
climate change most certainly is .
i 'm certain that long before man our earths climate changed   like it does today .
would you have claimed people were ignorant that were opposed to the barbaric medical practices of the past ?
questioning everything is how we continue to learn .
it 's ignorant to think that we know everything and that scientific " facts " ca n't change as we become more intelligent .
i 'd say prude and a bonehead .
synonymous words : 

 feminist 
 asshole 
 black 
 moron 
 loudmouth 
 jerk 
 muslim 
 goat 
 screwer 
 illegal 
 hispanic 
 taco 
 jew 
 penny 
 pincher
put them in a airplane , and take them back to where they came from .
we do n't have a fucking illegal sitting in the white house anymore .
no more illegals , and no more fucking democrats .
you boo god , you go to hell .
we are one of the most intimidating and athletic people alive with strict training even a ghetto gangbanger can reach spec ops level it true we are hardy folk
yes yes but it is never mentioned it would be racist i was watching some fashion show with all faces walking the runway i thought soon they will want only white women as they realize the globe is filled with black and brown faces minority white hires with no guilt
fuck you lame ass hoes
lets see i guess i 'll give this a thumbs down for taking criminals and killers off our streets .
wtf ?
what do you call a high mexican ?
a baked bean
help what song is this somewhat satisfying and how am i so good at this what the fuck the witness comes out tomorrow ?
i 'm white and nervous .
ca n't imagine how latinos feel right now , documented or not .
took him at rb33 in my first draft of the season , so that slapping sound you hear every time a puff piece on him comes out is coming from my neck of the woods
which seems more than enough to keep you occupied ?
he tries too hard and then pushes people away .
not that i m happy with both of them ( c )
i can tell when a bitch is fake gay and it 's so annoying
but paul nehlen criticized jews tho
speaking of world stage .
at present there are 27 spoof videos from states and countries that make fun of america being first and them only being second .
as the " orange oddity " would say sad , so sad — since he would n't get the jokes .
@washingtonpost law enforcement under siege by racist fiends at every turn in the road .
3rd world savages are imported to kill & rape in the crime wave sweeping the nation .
w / grim determination , judges release devils to prey upon the innocents , the population that they want dead - us .
not all immigrants are hispanic .
i think they should stop being racist and deport the ussr immigrants here on the same status .
the ones who violated their visas in particular .
careful about what you post around u / rjected ... 
 u / rjected is salty that he did n't get into uc berkeley or cornell so he 's posting our stuff to r / niceguys
how fucken stupid are americans .
everywhere else in the world people have to only cross at certain times and places but in america no , americans think they 're better than everyone still .
what do you call a mexican fighting a catholic priest ?
alien vs. predator
it is fun watching gg trying to make us fight .
quit trying to make fetch happen .
it 's never going to happen .
@spacekatgal @thequinnspiracy
pres johnson buying into the stereotype that blacks were afraid of snakes who is not afraid of snakes he d drive to gas stations with one in his trunk and try to trick black attendants into opening it
white coworker : : you 're really good at this job but i got ta admit it still bothers me when people like you come to this country & take jobs from real americans .
me : : where do you think i 'm from ?
coworker : : i do n't know what you are , but i know you 're something .
what are you ?
me : : native american .
coworker : : oh ... then i guess you did n't come here , huh ?
i found it very interesting that mbalula had phahlene sitting next to him at the press briefing yesterday .
phahlane himself with huge corrupt question marks hanging over his head .
black people - savages , borderline non - human apes .
middle east - favourite pastime is building bombs and blowing themselves up .
indians - shit on the street , eating shit off the street .
asians - robotic , sexless , dictatorial patriarchy .
​ whites - god 's chosen people .
the perfect specimen .
​ they 're one step from chanting " heil hitler " .
wadhwa started contacting journalists that follow me on twitter to tell them how disappointed he is in them . #
stopwadhwa2015
# buildthewall   help stop the flow of illegal immigrants .
help fight illegal drugs help fight human trafficking   help fight people coming over the border to cause harm retweet if you are in favor of # backtheblue # ice   @doingright1 follows back all # maga # kag url
i agree , op .
we mtf ladies can kind of tend to dominate the trans conversation and i try to do my best to either advocate on behalf of our ftm brothers and nb siblings or just step aside altogether when it 's their turn to speak .
me : : ( almost in tears ) i 've been catcalled , whistled at , and harassed 4 or 5 times today !
boyfriend : : well in hispanic culture it 's more acceptable to whistle at women .
me : : what does that have to do with anything ?
boyfriend : : well they might not have thought they were being rude .
me : : none of them were hispanic .
made me feel like the fact that i was feeling hurt and threatened was unimportant .
we are one of the most intimidating and athletic people alive with strict training even a ghetto gangbanger can reach spec ops level it true we are hardy folk
for all those who want to discuss or debate with me you shall uphold the ethics of a conversation or find yourself discredited for internet violence and your argument is automatically nullified muted yes i am the smartest being in the universe deal with it
excellent if you want to continue the republican strategy of " dumbing down " the us through education going all the way back to reagan .
😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 defending sand niggers 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 you should visit iran and see how they treat whites 😉 seeing islam implode takes priority over re muh joz
my mom always complaining , how you always mad for the stuff you 're supposed to do ?
i did n't ask to be born .
every time discord is slow i think about all the monkey brain retards with nitro fuck you
@primcbly sguro it talks about a woman supporting her partner 😅
sixty years , eh ?
you must have lived a pretty sheltered life .
blake lively is a bad bitch period
get your face in there faggot while you give me your cash .
💰 💰 # cashmaster # findom # cashfag # cashslave # paypig # cashpig # footmaster # alpha url
are you saying hispanic people are too stupid to drop a weapon when approaching cops ?
seems kind of racist in my opinion .
forever having horrible trust and overthinking issues and putting myself in a shitty mood .
why was this heard in a state court outside alaska ( king county superior court ? )
@radiofreetom some women of color say the dumbest shit every day .
like you @aoc
white guy puts ied in mall and the response is fuck all muzzies and spics stay classy gab
way to go !
put his brown ass in jail for life for just supplying white folks who love to put drugs up their nose in their veins and probably up there ass .
he was just meeting the supply and demand market .
i 'm sure i speak for many jews when i say i 'm sick of being used as a prop by fascistic republican politicians to emotionally manipulate gullible conservative voters .
they do it with unborn fetuses , they do it with soldiers , and they do it with jews .
@ballandthecity @_babsj @rebekahvardy surely her point is equality for everyone ?
equality is nt just for one gender , religion or ethnicity .
think that was her point
i have an africana class tuesday mornings and i never can make it it too early in the week to be in a room full of white people talking about black people
raw tag team rhoode ziggler thrown together us aj keeps destroying cedric thanks vince -_- sd tag revival raw team but will probably drafted to sd ic nakamura nothing women bayley nothing all women tag bliss cross they keep losing to bayley sasha < number > complete joke
the shooter 's blog is full of atheistic rantings .
atheists are responsible for the pogroms of christians , jews , and other believers .
hope their mortgages are not insured by cmhc
this is exactly why we need to make america white again .
brown people are uncivilized savages that contaminate the earth .
trump 2020 🇺 🇸
fucked around and messed with you now i m playing for it .
what a nice feeling to be in love with god .
no pain .
no heartache .
no disappointment .
just blessings and non stop joy .
sick of people saying asians are not poc bc of how east asians are pale lightskinned even tho that argument is invalid bc they are still considered poc since they are asian aka not white you all eliminate south southeast asians and forget that they are um very much tan dark
slovak need to look at the many times his far - left liberal muslim president barack hussein obama has stepped over the u.s. constitution .
what bothers me , is why the republican party has n't made any " noise " for calls of obama impeachment during his tenure   like the democrats are calling for against president trump ?
the democrats continue to have this " hangover presidential loss " in their mental illness attitude towards president trump who is trying to make america great again for americans and only americans .
for our country , and only for our country .
the liberals are just pist - off that our president trump is removing all that is considered " political correctness " and into " common sense . "
obama had the homosexual colors light up in the white house , while president trump change that lighting to blue in honor of our police force whom obama condemened continously during 8 years tenure .
" lovely .
well done . "
is absolutely the only appropriate response to someone coming out .
i will keep saying there is nothing in the bible that says so called christians ca n't bake cakes , gays ca n't marry or insist so called christians should discriminate .
these bible literalist , literally ca n't find one passage that they can use to defend their actions .
they conveniently ignore passages that cover all kinds equal sin 's that is what makes this whole thing baloney .
mean while , here is the deal we live in a secular nation , annd this man can practice his religion all he wants but he can not discriminate .
where does it end , no cakes for muslims ?
blacks ?
latinos ?
no , it is going backwards .
millennial response : " elvis castelo ? "
my fucking uni 's library service went through some fucked up changes and i lost all access to all of my sources for my essay ! ! ! !
n i c e
jus fucked this white bitch cuz fuck slavery and all that racist shit 🤣 🤣 😎 🤦 🏻 ‍ ♂ ️ 😈
eh i like asian women honestly i have had better luck with asians than whites besides is not it true asian iqs are generally higher than whites
in memory of deputy james mcgrane who was shot and killed while conducting a traffic stop by known gang member and mexican pos michael paul astorga .
i 'm no fan of trudeau , but let 's be fair - harper ( for whom i voted ) allowed this mess to occur , and it started about a decade and a half ago .
< user > < user > < user > there is a big difference between illegal immigrants and refugee all illegal immigrants should be thrown out regardless of their religion but refugee should be taken care of period
codswallop and blatherskite .
they did no such thing .
first , the cert vote was 6 - 3 , not 9 - 0 .
second , the vote itself only means they put the case on their upcoming fall docket to be heard and argued in full then .
the court stresses , in its decision , that this vote in no way signals they 're predisposed to one side v. the other .
third , the partial lifting of the ban is a sketchy prognosticator of how the court will eventually rule .
somebody could get rich if they played the odds right on this one .
my assessment is , they took the case largely because it hinges on a core constitutional issue , the separation of powers .
and they certainly jumped at it .
( attention all conservatives :   we may have an activist court sighting ! )
this could be a landmark case , whether decided narrowly or broadly .
everyone should familiarize themselves with the decision itself : 

 https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/16pdf/16-1436_l6hc.pdf
@banthebbc @shirleyparnell people in the west would much rather turn a blind eye to this abhorrant abuse instead of acknowledging that this kind of sick act happens day in day out and it is a part of their culture that they are proud of .
if we call it out for what it is somehow we are the ones in the wrong
they call it ' dysphoria ' ---folks tend to kill themselves if its not treated right now , letting folks be trans is the treatment i think its caused by chemicals in our environment which disrupt the endocrine system , but nobody really knows what makes folks trans .
main thing is , there 's only gon na be more of them and they do n't care what some little punk in high school thinks , so fuck off , you stupid fucking pussy
my biggest fear always been getting pregnant by a loser nigga , so i ai n't messing with no loser nigga .
terrorist do n't need guns to kill .
give them some box cutters , pressure cookers , or ryder vans and they 'll make due .
" guns do n't kill people , people kill people . "
it might be a saying that has lost its meaning over the years ,   but it really is that simple .
i do n't think either side of the gun debate has a fix to this problem that will work .
so many people in this world are so full of hate for so many reasons , and it 's that hate that is the problem .
pass all the laws you want , take away freedoms , monitor , ban , whatever , all that is really accomplished is that the average persons life is less enjoyable before the next tragedy .
the elites in canada are even more distant from the grass roots of canadian life than the ones in the uk and us .
they 're a tight knit group of academic , union , media and political elites who engage in groupthink on every subject .
the national media is absolutely chock full of them .
they 're smug smarmy , self - righteous progressives who honestly believe they represent the majority - because they never meet or hear from anyone not a member of their clique .
as an example you can see how virtually every media personality and columnist has strongly denounced kellie lietch 's fairly simple and inoffensive idea to test potential immigrants for their values as offensive .
virtually all politicians have denounced it too , including almost all conservative candidates .
yet two separate polls , both by left leaning organizations , have shown that an overwhelming majority of canadians want values testing .
how long before isis makes an attack on the us from jihadists brought over our southern border ?
url # isis # jihadist # jihad # boarder # buildthewall # buildthatwall # illegalimmigration
all this african gentleman want to do is enrich israel their women are being denied his shalom because israeli government officals hate him because of the colour of his skin
wow , you 're kellie 's hero , big glenn !
trump should have done this about 5 million trash illegals ago
the foreigner once there was a man that came from mexico to america , he could nt speak english so he went to choir and learned how to say " me me me me me me . "
then he went to the store and saw a little girl say " he stole my dolly " and on his way home he went to get meat from the butcher and learned how to say " big butcher knife big butcher knife . "
then he went home and watched an air freshener commercial and learned how to say " plug it in plug it in . "
then he went to the store and found the owner , murdered .
the police said " who killed this man ? "
the foreigner said " me me me me me me me . "
the police said " why did you kill him ? "
and the man said " he stole my dolly . "
the police man said " what did you kill him with ? "
the man said " big butcher knife big butcher knife . "
then they took him to jail and sentenced him to death .
the police man said " any last words ? "
and the foreigner said " plug it in plug it in . "
if obama , a black man , a latino american or a muslim group declared donald trump winning the presidency only because he was a white man and he had little else going for him except that ( insinuating he was a white man ) you would be condemning all as racist .
.
above you clearly state   " on the premise that he was a black man .
he had very little going for him than that " ( insinuating his color or being a black man ) .
.
earlier gene miller writes " his genetic color is only " relevant " to a racist . "
.
your statement clearly is based on his genetic color and his color being relevant to his winning the election .
.
gene millers words , nor do i " insinuate " that obama is a black man .
gene states , he had very little going for him than " that " , what does " that " mean ?
you continue to prove my point .
are you a racist ?
in your words , yes .
am resigning from potus and signing up with the wwe where i belong !
love , donald .
i do n't love my hoes i love a couple not all & # 128514;&#128514 ;
spic face gutierrez is talking right now i have had dogs as pets that were smarter than this piece of fucking spic shit
unions drive up the cost of everything , no matter where they form .
and oddly enough , they all are run by fat cat union bosses who drive nice new vehicles and live in mansions - your union dues at work , keeping the rich , rich and keeping the working man poor .
any possibility of moving away from the nea will be an improvement for america .
this should make every white man blood boil our kiked establishment is literally handing off our women our most precious resource to foreign brown invaders wtf kind of clown world shit is this
come on satin pluck these idiot 's from america trump2020
# russia should act on the # dprk in a surprize move .
shift the pieces of perception around , throw them off , shut them up .
< user > < user > we are one both black and white i want real government not the fucking trump
thank goodness for donald j. trump 

 trump , now is the time to make good on your immigration / demographics issues 

 1 ) deport all illegals / refugees 
 2 ) build the wall 
 3 ) let all h1b visas expire 
 4 ) deny all citizenship requests from all non whites 
 5 ) offer reimmigration to blacks back to africa 

 # mawa
a progressive , feminist member of the lying msm will , naturally , never miss a chance for a racist attack on white men .
according to statista , between 1982 and 2017 , out of 91 mass shootings the racial breakdown of shooters were as follows : 

 whites : 51 

 blacks : 15 

 latino : 7 

 asian : 7 

 american indian : 3 

 multi - race : 5 

 unknown : 3 

 white shooters were about proportional to their presence in the population .
blacks , american indians , and asians had more shooters than one might expect given their respective populations .
none of these statistics are happy ones .
what is also clear is that progressive feminists like petri are always quick to pounce on a tragedy to advance their political agenda ;   they never let facts hinder their lying progressive , feminist agenda .
they are on obamacare unless they get insurance via a spouse .
i am no great fan of congress , but those are the facts .
the left is disgusting .
those sick freaks definitely push homosexuality and gay weird stuff on children like lgbtq or whatever the fuck that means .
how is this even legal what they are doing ?
same way how they make all that nasty porn and hollywood always depicting faggots , lesbians and interracial shit .
they are promoting it .
they are filth .
something needs to be done about these people .
get your face in there faggot while you give me your cash .
💰 💰 # cashmaster # findom # cashfag # cashslave # paypig # cashpig # footmaster # alpha url
hispanicks are not white !
they are olive to brown skinned .
they think they are ' white ' , they want to be ' white ' , but they are not white !
so sure are hispanicks that they are the benchmark of what whiteness is , that they refer to kirk caldwell and donald trump as " non - hispanick white .
what that is all about , is the world says " white people " invented this and that , the internet , tv , car , and they desperately want to be included in that club .
it 's them trying to force their way into that club .
any hispanick that can pass for white should be called a " light skinned hispanick " .
ie : they will still feel this way in 5 years .
lollll .
... all you got ta do is stop buying everything you buy .
stop breathing too .
i need your air .
ai n't much around here in mile high country so yeah you stop breathing .
mmmmkay ? ? ! !
i hope that inbred , mentally disturbed terrorist bitch goes to prison .
yeah , i said it .
url
i prefer he term " general welfare " to the common good .
by that , i mean what he founders meant , not some wilsonian ideal .
i do believe taxes are needed to run gov't , but 60 % plus is for entitlements , that ca n't be touch for some god awful reason .
welfare destroys the industry of the individual , enslaving him to keep his goals low in order to continue to receive " free " stuff .
three and four generations after the great society are stuck in a vicious cycle who do n't know anything more than a welfare check or ebt deposit .
this has destroyed our inner city , mostly black , but hispanic and white as well .
i do n't see that as helping the common good .
bc she a yid
her : : you 're a sexy mexy .
me : : i 'm puerto rican .
her : : you 're still a sexy mexy .
wisconsinite girl i hooked up with at age 17 , while volunteering in ecuador .
yeah that what they released today and got maybe < number > seconds of reporting on it with retarded arrogance to quickly sweeping it under the rug with the gates thing because it involves pedoesta
just ordered my first thing online off argos ( moving boxes ) & amp ; they 're coming mon ☺ so that 'll be like a xmas for me & # 127876 ; now gon na sort pc out .
as i commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war .
if this db is allowed to discriminate against gays what is next ?
" i do n't serve african americans or latinos because my religion says they are sinners "   where does it stop ?
" oh you have been divorced and now your remarrying ?
ca n't do it , bible says divorce is a sin " .
this guy is just a homophobe and probably a bigot and anti semite as well .
if you do n't want to serve half the populace then do n't go into business .
every half - breed cop in america is trying to rape white women .
if a nigga not over protective than wtf you doing ? ? ?
why do so many filthy wetback half - breed spic savages live in # losangeles ?
none of them have any right at all to be here .
a bunch of people poked me about some article that was written .
eh .
i do n't really care that much .
male feminists white knights secretly think women are retarded so it makes sense to infantilize their choices
< user > crimson peak voting for anything else would be homophobic
on the opposite , dude , we have pretty good idea of what happened and who caused it .
and it is not russia .
if your ukrainian nationalist ilk did not start a violent riot , if you were not yelling “ slaughter russians ” and “ hang the moscowites ” , if you did not start to kill and burn the police with molotov cocktails , if you did not overthrow the government in a violent coup , if you did not force the elected president to flee , there would be no civil war and division of the country .
there would be presidential elections of 2015 and the peaceful life would continue .
the way i remember bill curtis narrate the drug history in the usa is that prohibition of mj targeted latinos , not blacks ; and that " crazed negro " was the fig leaf behind cocaine prohibition .
this being said , the tide really turned on drugs after an epic epidemic of opioid abuse after civil war in us , and at the turn of the 20th century - worldwide .
" ... this bill actually poses a devastating and unprecedented threat to religious freedom and the progress that women have made toward true equal treatment in law and culture , " sarah kramer of alliance defending freedom ( adf ) wrote in an online analysis .
url
whoa , i did n't think you 'd listen to this kind of music .
it 's nearly all the same as mine !
i used to think i was a winter person but god the sun is out n i m in such a good mood cause of it like i m over being cold n sad tbh
are you seriously suggesting that canadians and canadian companies are folding their cards before this man is even inaugurated ? ?
wake up !
are we not a sovereign country ?
there is no puppetry here , unless we allow it .
i 'm personally glad that we are not only doing business but traveling to iran as visitors .
everybody wins .
final solution is what hitler and the nazis called the slaughter of millions of jews , gays , prostitutes , and sometimes homeless .
the prevalence of feminism demonstrates that the future is now the ponderous pace of evolution argues that the future reflects the past and the present only the biological limits of dimorphism have prevented women from evolving into reproduction machines sexbots meh gmo women brave new world
what do you call it when an interracial couple gets paralyzed ?
mixed vegetables !
robert e. lee said some seemingly enlightened things during his life .
yet , even among the slavers he was known as a harsh master .
he was known to personally whip the people he enslaved .
sometimes that would be followed by the pouring of brine over the wounds .
he broke with his family 's tradition of not breaking up slave families , selling off children to other plantations .
he kidnapped free african - americans when he invaded the north and sent them south into slavery .
his personal mythology is part of the lost cause myth .
he was the gallant aristocratic warrior fighting the industrialized machine of the north .
the reality is much uglier , and its sad that his reputation has been so strong for the past 150 years .
i agree , i add one thing , the concept of " will of the people " is pure mystical bunkum .
rational people have different priorities .
aggregating them them to come up with a determination of the general will is mathematically impossible , as ken arrow 's " impossibility theorem " proves .
the " will of the people " only becomes " real " when authoritarian leaders manage to sweep the people in   identifying his will as theirs .
they 're in prison what else can you do to them ?
the latino and black gangs have pretty much the same ideology .
that sunset industry will be a hell of a lot bigger and more lucrative than anything else you 've got planned .
even bigger than welfare , marijuana , and safe injection sites ...
i got ta say as a woman i love it and white boys can not get hired these days because of these cunt feminazi demanding diversity choosing shitskins over kin not that i want to see our men reduced to this but payback is a bitch
this is like saying that during the plague in europe that they need to shift their focus off the ... well , the plague .
do n't we have any self - respect anymore ?
fucking twitter done with that faggot dorsey
and fuck anyone who 's not from america
lerato is a hustler guys .
the girl really started from nothing .
she 's just pushing .
@leratokganyago re a go lebogisha
do not think for even a moment that the un wasn t involved in making that happen c mon now the same un that is allowing white genocide in south africa and pushing for white replacement or genocide in larger more established countries
post shootings liberals ban guns post terror attacks let let in more muslim refugees
who were the utter fuckwits that thought nazi salutes nazi symbolism and yelling gas the kikes was a good idea way to let a legitimate protest be ambushed charlottesville
via the hrc : maine gov. janet mills signs legislation protecting lgbtq youth from " conversion therapy " url
beauty is a depreciation asset .
personality is an appreciation asset .
wrinkles awaits us all - catoursky
if that antifa trash had succeeded in burning that facility , migrants would have died .
i hate configuring retention policies and flush intervals in statsd / graphite .
ughhhh .
what these idiots fail to realize is that trump has employed and cut pay checks to more black latino gay lesbian muslim and transgendered people than all previous presidents combined .
my white bitch she snort that white white
thanks for the great article , michelle .
if we do n't recognize god in each other we are denying the full meaning of the incarnation and are left with nothing more than another expression of religiosity in an overcrowded religious marketplace .
actually , i understand one thing jesus said at the last supper was " everyone who wants in the picture get on this side of the table " !
:-d
they should sink the island , seems to be full of corruption .
us citizens are tired of supporting , freeloading latinos .
pr , mexico and invaders of central america .
nobody cares about third world brown people , , , they 're ruining europe and the us .
olrun - i think i will surprise you with this comment .
i agree with you that obama did not need to change his immediate activities .
i am sure that he was kept fully informed of events that he could do nothing about .
i realize that there are some , well many on the right , who are criticizing the president about not stopping the state visit immediately and returning to washington to oversee our response .
since the terrorist attacks took place in belgium and did not require immediate action , of any kind by our government , there was really no reason for him to cut the visit short .
however , the not so subtle insult is unnecessary .
judging by these responses in r / videos female on male rape is a very common problem that is almost never discussed
millions of children and babies are been kill in yemen vietnam korea laos syria by the americans bombs
when i met my nigga he was nt clean cut but he was still fine baby this nigga lined himself up the other day and almost got mf raped
very interesting to see what strikes fear into the hearts of leftists it not islamic jihadists it not muslim rape gangs it not ghetto crime it not mexican drug cartels it the idea that a white person could be violent that scares them
in the summer palace of beijing imperial aid : " great emperor .
news from europe talk about a third uprising in poland " daoguang emperor : " lmao , whites are dumb "
what these femanazis fail to realize is that president trump has employed and cut paychecks to more women blacks latinos gays lesbians transgendereds and muslims than all previous presidents combined .
is there any way we can find out where these women work so we can boycott those businesses ?
why auto industry is in crises ?
http://pakistan.jobz.pk/category/cars-bikes/
fucking infidels .
allah will take care of them
what does the men 's rights movement think of transgender men ?
what in the world are you talking about ?
@techconnectify eugenics is a hell of a drug
if the state leaders wanted to get more oil and gas income they would do away with the laws that gives the majors a monopoly ! !
i feel these bad laws stop alaskans and others from producing oil and gas at a profit ! !
alaska is known to have lots of oil but i feel the system is corrupt in favor of the majors ,   i say fix this bad system and i feel the state can keep these credits !
the state leaders can start by doing away with the 9 month c - plan and the high bonds and countless permitting maze then alaska will prosper with no end in sight ! !
save alaska ! !
let 's make alaska great again ! !
let alaskans drill and prosper for a change ! !
" if judicial decisions are not given their proper respect , the rule of law will break down . "
all of you whiny writers keep repeating this same , whiny accusation and it sounds just as stupid in the article as it does in every other article in which it appears .
here 's a newsflash for you ( in case you do n't understand how this works ): 

 that 's what a pardon is !
it is the executive branch exercising their oversight over what has become a vindictive , activist , completely out - of - control judicial branch .
if you live in a place where there are tons of illegal aliens , you are probably going to be put in a position where you are going to question someone 's immigration status because they are latino .
that is n't " profiling " .
that 's just plain , old common sense .
like it or not , being in this nation illegally is a crime and is no different than if you are " suspected " of driving under the influence and are pulled over for that .
thankfully , this witch hunt is now over ( and good for arpaio ) .
did you ever think they 're using the media and democratic party for exactly that ?
the whole of western civilisation is our stuff a chinaman in a suit is a pretender a mestizo playing lawyer is a fabrication of a whitie situation they can not but dress up as white civilisation we are that thing that is all what they attempt matters not
so that s where beaners come from
# klassikradio meets is my new fave for work .
3 !
@lindseystirling hits in 1 afternoon # yaaaasss and + # queen + # nirvana & # 128525 ;
why was n't the field cleared hours before kickoff ?
i hope this passes !
after all my years going to boulder , having an office there , i 've found the people there , though progressive and ultra liberal , only want to protect their way of life !
everything in boulder is so lily white though the liberals there all yell and scream for diversity ... and also ... nimby ... not in their pristine world .
just got finished dating a boulder woman there and i could not be more disappointed in her as a person !
she harped about equality and racial values yet not once did i ever see a black or latino among her or any of her friends .
what a bunch of hypocrites there !
plus , nobody except for trust funders or very wealthy folks can afford to live in boulder anymore .
she poo - pooed denver neighborhoods yet i live in a completely paid off beautiful ranch , on 1/4 acre in a quiet neighborhood and she lives in a cramped townhouse that 's claustrophobic and she paid $ 600 k for basically a micro townhouse to live in boulder .
haha !
did you know mexicans in southern california actually use " jajaja " instead of " hahah " pisses me off so much 

 # deportallofthem
she should be the employeer , and she needs to be a mexican looking for a cleaning job .
give sling a 7 day free trial .
" hey you guys !
putrump ( @realdonaldtrump & amp ; @putinrf_eng ) just changed their relationship status to " " it 's complicated " " ! #
loveisabattlefield "
they 're more than welcome to take their brain dead asses back to their shithole country .
mein trumpf 
 vol .
one : a reckoning 
 1 .
the hispanic peril 
 2 .
the arab peril 
 3 .
the black peril 
 4 .
the female peril ...
speakfreely gabfam news i am sorry but someone needs to bitch slap jillstein and then bitch slap everyone or the one who has donated to her cause we the people have a president and it is trump presidenttump
i m not racist , but there are three colors : black , yellow and normal
the 3 most important positions to fund in society is police , fire and ems .
if you have ever had to call 911 for any reason you would understand what i am saying .
to get the best qualified personnel to fund those positions costs money .
if you do n't pay competitive wages , qualified people will opt out of public safety and enter the private sector so they can pay bills and raise families .
it is up to government leaders to make public safety a top priority .
if we can spend 1 trillion dollars on the failed war on drugs , locking non violent drug felons away in for profit prisons , then i think we have we have failed policy and that money should be redirected towards 911 first responders , and prevention and education programs .
also controlling out bloated military budget that grossly enriches private contractors , lobbyists and defense ceo 's should happen , and that money redirected towards municipal and county programs as mentioned above , rather than misdirected towards personal greed .
i am very sure mainlanders are getting a true image of hongkongers especially after being kicked out each time they went over to do some shopping .
very graceful hongkongers indeed .
ice should deport aoc and omar and the other two pieces of shot congress women back to their own countries .
they are all a disgrace to america .
i seriously hate waiting in line at the grocery store and the fucking register breaks .... fml there 's like five people behind me
ship them all out to sea , tell them to find another country to pillage !
hispanics causing a panic .
somewhere an igbo women is proud 😂 url
deport every single juan ! !
take ur taco 🌮 and go home 🏠
a black guy and mexican were in a car , who is driving ?
the cop
jack , 
 i have to say , i   can agree to a certain degree about attacking " the messenger " however it   is hard to divorce the message from the messenger when it is " his " message .
in attacking his   message it sometimes becomes necessary to at least call out the messenger 's motivations .
that gets to the very heart of the " matter "   i like that word since hearing it 's what loretta lynch instructed james comey to substitute for " investigation " of   hillary last summer .
a year ago , now .
time sure flies !
president trump on why he ran for president i saw what was happening to our country and it wasn t good i took this job on behalf of the forgotten men and women of our country but guess what they are forgotten no more
all mexcrement bucks are born with knives
t would take an extraordinary set of circumstances for a flashbang to do that .
not impossible but very unlikely .
flashbangs do three things ... create a brilliant flash , a loud bang and a modest concussion wave .
those three things combined produce sensory overload which allow police time to enter a building and take people into custody .
they work best in enclosed spaces like bedrooms or living rooms .
out in the open , all three effects are greatly diminished .
she would almost certainly had to fall on top of it for something like to have a chance of happening .
also , flashbangs do n't create frag so that right there is a red flag .
look up " flashbang injuries " and you will see that they are almost always surface burns and bruising .
the injury she has is an explosive injury , not a diversionary device injury .
when will the usa government be convicted for all their atrocities they have committed to humanity .
slavery , trail of tears , segregation , work camps , death of an entire native population , invasion of iraq , millions of innocent people incarcerated , dea working with the cartel , etc .
🤬 😩 😩
research finds more than half of london lgbtq pubs clubs and music venues have closed since < number > i can not say i am surprised with the rise of islam in the capital and so many queers dying of aids
i am such a shady hoe omg
@danielotabor people bleach their skin to look ' prettier ' or more acceptable because they feel lighter skin shades are better .
anything to help dead that mentality is needed .
the song is one such approach .
in a way , it 's part of what mlk jnr fought for .
< user > the majority of abusers are of anglo descent not many negroes are abusers it seem to be a desire of most anglos to as they say break in a child or tame them to comply white kids are more likely to be abused by someone they know
the somalian immigrant worries about his gibs what little amount of worry his puny frontal lobes allow him to have since he is literally unable to think of the future as he assaults the respectable hard working white people whose taxes will pay for his generous gibs
do n't like the way the cowards kicks tyrone on the floor then his mate screams like he has won the fight .
i 'm happily married to my wife and a few people know i 'm bisexual , not everyone needs to know because it 's a moot point .
i stand up for lgbt rights and go on my way .
i imagine someday more people will know , but i 'm in no hurry to make it that way .
@techconnectify eugenics is a hell of a drug
" whether it 's the " " wtf you doing , are you serious " " footsteps or the " " i want some of whatever you got " " footsteps "
@kamalaharris if no one is above the law , why are illegal aliens allowed in our country ?
that is good news when i was in norge ..
this child is causing white genocude and deserves tk be lynched
" officers will be required to use their own observation to determine a person ’s race .... " 
 wonderful !
if you are not obviously white , black , or asian you 'll automatically be labeled mexican .
but , then again springfield police automatically assume anyone with brown skin is only capable of speaking spanish .
< user > yeah that was dope
get the fuck out of my country spic
go back to your cave of taquitos and mt .
dew , neck beard , this is last response you ll get out of me .
enjoy knowing the only pleasure you draw in life is from pretending this kind of behavior gives you any power , i m sure your mother is proud in hell . ;)
21 apr 2018 avicii do n’t wake up anymore
so nice to see an american family in the white house and not the ghetto trash who was ruining our country maga gabfam britfam
with public schools being so integrated and focusing on non white students i really would suggest to any parent to get themselves educated so they can teach their children at home .
what 's the difference between donald trump and adolf hitler ?
donald trump is actually going to finish a race .
i think you are missing that it is young white males especially that are waking up
a black man , hispanic , and indian man walk into a bar .
the bartender says ... get out
what is donald trump 's favorite < number > 's song ?
another spic in the wall
betsy devos will make a great education secretary .
good for her if she has never attended a government school .
btw , president obama 's children do not attend a public school , neither does former senator mark begich 's child .
do you have a problem with that ?
bruh do you have tourette ?
maybe you ca nt stay chill when someone says something ?
what a positive move .
i doubt that the funds will be returned but the unravelling of corrupt history , and the focus on civil society as the victim , instead of jz and his blessed anc , will be very welcome ...
< number > < number > president warren g harding signs the emergency quota act into law in < number > according to the new law annual immigration from any country can not exceed < number > percent of the total number of u.s .
immigrants from that same country as recorded in the u.s .
census of < number >
every door in this god damn building sounds like a dog squealing in pain when it closes and it gets me every time i hate it
people talk about equal rights for men and women but they forget that white women still have more rights than black men , it 's a much deeper conversation that people seem to forget while white women are fighting for equal payment , black women are still fighting for an education url
but it isn't a white majority country .
that needle tipped 10 years ago .
you go back to where your lice ridden tuberculosis infected relatives came from .
crap like that is all so common these days .
i wonder if this is the taste of what 's to come to all of europe in a couple of decades .
< user > this can not be right they are all white what is going to do to the lying repubs who always claim it poc who cheat welfare and will not work 😏
trump making america great again after < number > years of what s his name massive incompetence and mussie evil called no hope with chains
well obviously they must be a diverse group of morbidly obese transgendered persons some blacks hispanics some veiled muslims a few asians and a white girl i guess and they should replace the dallas cheerleaders
ca n't get behind these america hating cunts ...
nigger kike spic chink faggot pussy cunt bitch sandnigger jap nip leaf fuck shit crap queer jews aa
check out this youtube channel i found , i agree with most of what he says diversity destroys social cohesion in the west - youtube
why whenever in life you 're succeeding and your to the cusp of success there 's always someone trying very hard to hold you back ? #
jealousy
james brown !
the black ceasar soundtrack !
those that know , do n't tell and those that tell , do n't know .
shhh
if these pathetic mayo 's are only able to attack unarmed minorities we should give every minority their own assault rifle and vest .
motherfucking come make me , bitch
hey , i have a folkwear pattern for that style of shirt which i ' ve been meaning to make .
trump is outraged over mexico allowing immigrants into our country har har har cause it their job to protect our border hey neighbor i am mad you did not protect my house from these criminals i doubt trump will do anything about this only brave white men in texas will
tillerson is a globalist i was surprised he was ever hired he likes having queers in the boy scouts
seems legit spics and spooks may break my bones , but white men will never hurt me !
why does n't mexico have a good olympic team ?
because all of the good runners , jumpers , and swimmers are in america .
why does n't mexico have an olimpic team ?
all the ones who can run , jump or swim have allready crossed the border .
maria l < number > year old medicine student from germany raped and killed by a muslim refugee
trump just destroyed msm insanely expensive propaganda and cover up of illegal immigrants violence in western cities from usa to europe and he did it with < number > rts
the apartheid system was so well planned .
the segregation between people of colour made us believe that our allies are our enemies .
the issue is that we started to live this lie .
now the legacy of apartheid continues in our thoughts about one another .
babbitt and deyo a gay couple engaged in ongoing sexual contact with eight underage boys over several years and then killed themselves when discovered breitbart
lil sexy retarted bitch
my aunt is principal in high school and kicked an non - white girl from the school for bad behavior .
stop sending messico aid money .
stop selling messico anything made or grown in the us .
then build the wall and ignore them .
with any luck they 'll have a revolution and kill most of their population off !
white bloke with dreadlocks turns out to be the hard kind a white man with dreadlocks assumed to be the trust - fund type was instead the hard dog - on - a - rope kind , a shaken man has confirmed.#funny url
can we just nuke mexico ?
i need to figure out a better grinding spot .
stofler is actually really good but almost fucking nobody goes there .
i 've seen the one where some white dudes talk shit and then drop their drawers and remove their shirts to bow up in tankinis .
black dudes ran every time .
even one with a gun at the end .
i even thought it was real for a minute .
but that was before i knew how many bullshit videos people made and now i 've added it to the list of fake prank bullshit .
get fucked they should be shot and killed for crossing illegally , all of them .
" i'm fucking dting this radio station just bleeped " " sex by the fire at night " " from that 's what i like it bleeped out the word sex hhajdjjdhe "
rt @oh_sh1 t : damn , i got bitches * kanye voice *
that was just a photo look up rhyan moody she was killed on thanksgiving by an illegal spic
i guess i get raped a lot
on a related note i challenge anyone to find a picture of a negroid or spic having created such a lovely structure as that sand castle does not exist can not be done it not a big thing that gets us here it the < number > million little things that burst the dam
fuck a blunt nigga need a backwood 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♂ ️
i hope 77 retarded ass moms bf gets fucked up and put in jail ....
ice should deport aoc and omar and the other two pieces of shot congress women back to their own countries .
they are all a disgrace to america .
i hate our society .
sensitive bunch a cunts .
get over it .
you just lost your money .
another white republican like the walmart shooter who targeted hispanics for being hispanic in public .
imagine that a girl want have sex with you 
 i ca n't even imagine that it 's impossible even if she likes my personality lol i ca n't
rt @rihanna : i ai n't got no type ... bad bitches is the only thing that i like
lol
send the free loaders back and make mexico 's rich pay for them !
instead of our people caring the fricken burden ! !
stop abusing americans you lousy dumb asses ! !
buch of liberal traders destoying our country .
so stay your socially awkward ass away from me and go exfoliate .
i am not " ripping into " jh because he does not invest like i do .
let me just repeat part of another comment i made elsewhere yesterday ; 

 " i feel the rob could do a better job of considering retired investors wish for capital preservation , modest income , and a good nights sleep . "
i have no quarrel with jh or dividend investing per se ... as a subset of " styles" ... esp for investors with a long horizon .
my beef is that the rob does not tailor its advice to investors at different ages / circumstances / parts of the cycle .
presumably its advertising dept is interested in folks who are 30 - 40,working and making / spending lots of $ $ .
i certainly would not put my 80 + year old mother into a bunch of drip 's and pipelines , utilities .
and to her credit ... based only on her own instinctive risk aversion , she is not .
scott barlow has been calling dividend investing a bad / risky idea for about 6 months now , and there is talk ( everywhere ) about   a " 30 year run in bonds ending " .
then there is trump .
men , what does being a man mean to you personally ?
wow so no more paintings of police as murderous pigs by untalented minorities no more gay porn touted as art i am good with that
< user > linda came to flint michigan for a photo op of delivering water to families she not even from michigan our newpaper made a big deal to show how co operative the recent refugees were in this crisis
hiya i ' m new here and sick of watching my country become infected with the disease of multiculturalism .
we all need guns to protect ourselves .
it should be in our constitution .
big pun had a particularly bombastic and technically competent flow that morbidly obese spic could definitely rap too bad he was too much of a weak bitch to put down the fucking twinkies and lose the weight
we are accepting donations on behalf of rose west who has really made a remarkable transformation from straight white female killer to east indian lesbian kindly send donations to killerdonations org
muslims are responsible for the modern 0 - based math system , the world 's first hospitals , coffee , universities .
these are off the top of my head .
if you sincerely hold to your beliefs , stop using all of the above .
since i know you wo n't , go get an education instead you fuckwit .
as a minority , i find it hard to date white girls .
not because they do n't find me attractive but because i ' m not related to them .
deciphering core subliminal along with unstructured electrolyte processes .
i am fucking insane . #
amwriting
why was jesus not born in mexico he could n't find three wise men and a virgin
lol < user > ‍ is a bitch
not all straight men - i am frustrated .
unlike on okcupid , queer folks don&#8217;t have the ability to block ... http://t.co/hbf2xza0ke
boeing has no world exposure / sales force ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
the us army liberals are gon na help jews bring more refugees from the middle east so thay can attack americans and stomp of the usa flag american soldiers and liberals are the same thing liberals help jews persecute capitalists locally for money soldiers help jews persecute capitalists abroad for money
mamma mia the coming out part was for himself .
this was a story meant to show what it 's like being gay in a community that frowns upon it .
also it 's a charity promoter for suicidal people
when we invest in creating equitable opportunities for women to thrive the result is stronger families communities and economies this includes equitable opportunities for lesbian bisexual transgender and queer women
< user > < user > wow that was beyond retarded
i blocked her so she wo nt be stalking me anymore ha fuck you too
ah yes .
a far right christian theocracy where gays are caged and women forced to bear white cis children .
where book burnings are common and social media is held in a grip where any criticism of the dear leader is punished .
do you realize how ignorant you sound when you say we 're a far right nation .
there 's a trans drag queen reading books to kids at my library today .
go find that in another anglosphere country .
< user > bitch i hate you
also wish people were down to take day trips to these places around the us .. sleep in the car , and dip back out ... crazy
if trump needs a man to run operation wetback again i am available
we still attend .
i still believe in god and jesus .
my husband believes in god .
we think having some sort of religious faith is important .
we could go somewhere else , but this is our history and faith tradition so it makes more sense to stay .
we teach our children a lot of our own principles and values .
we do n't preach or teach one true church .
so far it 's working for us .
there are definitely things i have to roll my eyes about on occasion .
we are n't openly dropping " truth bombs " in gospel doctrine .
we go for the values it teaches , take the good and leave anything negative behind .
this person is obviously retarded she thinks the furry thing is serious and has an obsession we all have gook sex slaves we do not want people this retarded
what do you do when your lawnmower stops working ?
deport him .
the article mixes up several issues .
not only is dollar - cost averaging involved , but also the issue of regular investing and starting investing at an early age .
there is also no mention of whether they are planning on buying a home , in which case investing inside an rrsp may lock up much - needed downpayment money .
fucking idiot do nt believe anything you see they stole the white child imbasill you are retarded
" i disagree with what you say and will fight to the death to prevent you from publishing it . "
( liberal modern voltaire ) 

 " " this is a letter that should n't have gotten an inch of print space . "
the two statements are identical except in degree .
i do object to the racism of the posters and the free ride they are getting from the college president just because they are hispanic racists instead of being white racists .
in order for the light to shine so brightly , the darkness must be present .
-sir francis bacon kisses angsunshinenamin
kurgan , most of the cases in regensburg had to do with corporal punishment ( not outlawed in germany until the 1980 's ) , not pedophilia .
that is no excuse to hit kids who are n't performing well , but hitting kids is still common in germany ( as i learned as recently as two week ago ) .
polls also note that nearly half of german parents still hit their kids .
of course , in our own country , 19 states currently allow corporal punishment in the form of paddling , smacking , etc .
the good news is that the regensburg church choir is functioning quite well today , free of corporal punishment , any kind of abuse .
parents , who compete to get their kids in the choir , as well as the cathedral staff are much more vigilant than they were 20 or 50 years ago .
shit i forgot to include arabic hebrew yiddish spanish swedish finnish fucked beheaded goat sheep and chained up slaves in burkas speak to be inclusive and tolerant of religions rats vermin weasels bacteria women being raped by maggots maggots fucking goats am i missing anyone
send all illegal alien invaders back home ... or there will eventually be guerrilla warfare seeding a violent and bloody civil war in the united states .
does it really matter ?
@gloriouslizzie queer agendas are best started with brunch !
and happy pride to you !
and i agree , the young ones need visible examples the most , good on you friend .
the only time i screamed was when tyrese tackled that hoe ass bitch # thewalkingdead
nigger please you do not have the first clue about anyting other than what white people tell you the same people that think you are a joke and uneducated house negro have you taken a moment to listen to yourself you are a shitass on top of that
its messed up how ugly i think i look 
 its not healthy at all
shoot dice let yo hoe fade me
this is why we do n't let the normies into anime .
❌ dominated by men ❌ aimed at men url
" reminding with an explanatory - statement of the call to the readiness for deployment to defend al - aqsa mosque before the event and that we wrote it upon knowledge from allah before more " 25 - 07 - 2017 07:22 am imam nasser muhammad al - yemeni url = --*- *
it ghetto talk though it basically meant degenerate stereotypical trashy woman
the commerce clause ( article 1 , section 8 , clause 3 ) of the us constitution gives congress the power to regulate commerce among the states .
the courts have interpreted this to mean that statutes passed by congress regulating interstate travel are constitutional .
r&amp;b super producer song writer & amp ; engineer # dontmissyobeat !
™ # outtheboxstudios 708 - 600 - 4475 # booknow @dontmissyobeat @biggrits100 # chicago
if you are reading this , i will never ask you to prove your gender or sexuality to me .
you are valid regardless of the myriad gatekeepers out there , especially the ones within our very own lgbtqia+ communities .
be you .
too late .
despondency arrived on the morning of november 9 , 2016 and never left .
that tends to happen when the realization sets in that we 're all doomed .
i wonder why this has been introduced i would n't trust anything that is being taught in our schools - nothing in our schools is for the betterment of our white children and anything that has been newly introduced ( especially in the times we are living in now ) i would be highly sceptical .
i have no sympathy for bigots who say a loving human - dolphin couple ca n't marry . #
tweet4taiji # shuttaijidown # tweet4dolphins # opkillingbay
you are confusing jews with whites again
like i care < tong > is bitching to a stupid beaner like me going to fix that nope good luck
at the expense of repeating myseld whaddya expect from a free speech sm platform run by a kike and a street shitter free speech
what 's a mexican ' s favorite sport ?
cross country
“ the more a man knows , the less he talks . ”
― voltaire
white house : we need a distraction so people forget you were best friends with epstein .
trump : " these brown and black women need to go back to their home countries ! "
this time it does not you add nothing to white lands now that we hire skin tone over skill in our health care industry death by doctor is the leading cause of death thanks shit skins you are a disgusting race of people and have no place around whites none at all
harvard colorado state american university are the < number > latest colleges to promote anti white agendas and segregation
@thegoodgodabove holy hell , someone should lock that dude away from society .
he 's creepy and the way he was talking to the reporter is sexist as hell .
i just want women to look at me and think to themselves how does this bitch have a boyfriend and i do not
@lvckyleftyy _ i be wanting to smack one of these niggas .
why did the mexican throw his sister of a cliff ?
tequila
@multifacettrash men are trash
it probably does not since faggot kennedy limited the ruling to just that one baker and just to be pushing back against anti christian statements by the state regulators the one time kennedy was ready to do the right thing roberts was there to overrule him obamacare
uh you do n't think religion hurts people ?
krugman , put up or shut up .
suggest a better medical plan in enough detail to inspire congress and the people to support it .
your carping is without value without explication of alternative possibilities .
thank you
they have not had their full wake up call , ; it 's no way this country will be turned over to mexican and south americans and muslims from the middle east !
the day of enlightenment is here to stay , they 're going to fill the burn ! ! !
the usual il duce trump , one issue haters follow their wannabe dictator immediately respond with their illiterate limbaugh dictionary rhetoric .
wild rants from the heirs of former immigrants all of which were disparaged in the same way in history unless they were those aryan white folk from germany like trump .
i was going to smoke some joint with some mexicans i asked them if they had papers and they all ran off .
i was going to smoke some joint with some mexicans i asked them if they had papers and they all ran off .
looking to exchange nudes with anybody .
m / f / etc snap : tyroned396
hispanicks are not white !
they are olive to brown skinned .
they think they are ' white ' , they want to be ' white ' , but they are not white !
so sure are hispanicks that they are the benchmark of what whiteness is , that they refer to kirk caldwell and donald trump as " non - hispanick white .
what that is all about , is the world says " white people " invented this and that , the internet , tv , car , and they desperately want to be included in that club .
it 's them trying to force their way into that club .
any hispanick that can pass for white should be called a " light skinned hispanick " .
and black women muzzee wetback statues being erected
hubble view of eris and dysnomia this is an image of the dwarf planet eris ( center ) and its satellite dysnomia ( at 9 o ' clock position ) taken with nasa 's hubble space telescope on aug. 30 , 2006 .
one more point : the anti - headscarf campaign and the muslim snitch line might have cost harper another term , but trump 's anti - mexican rants and his pledge to inventory and evict muslims from his country have actually helped propel him to power .
so what are we left with ?
political policies in canada that seek to disenfranchise or outright criminalize the poor and muslims .... and a recently elected president who has pledged to do the same , but has thrown latin americans into the mix .
to someone on the " winning " side ( wealthy whites ) this may not look like fascism , but once a party 's political opposition are deprived of their rights , who 's left to stop you from doing whatever you want ?
i 'm a stubborn fiscal conservative .
i hate seeing tax money get wasted on any service that is n't absolutely necessary ... but i 'm not an idiot , and i 'm not about to stand by while an elected leader methodically eliminates the democratic rights of his opposition .
that 's bad for everyone .
as a white nationalist i personally would not pay to watch the likes of that drug addict amy winehouse or scum like rage against the machine .
dark side of monopoly party politics hon
like placing a bunch of muslim refugees in one area to gain political control ?
i do n't think we saw supportive comments of men 's issues at the top like this a couple years ago in /r / feminism
< user > let compare body counts also your son is a nazi so great work there too
yes , general kelly should not have said anything without checking the record of what actually occurred .
had he done so , i believe he still would have blasted congresswoman wilson for grand - standing by bragging about her role in naming the building .
there were many instances during my military and civilian careers when i immediately prepared very strong responses to various issues , but i learned early on it was best to remove the emotion by sitting on them overnight .
it helped in " toning down " my comments , ensuring they were accurate and kept me from getting fired .
society is like a box of chocolates the white ones are the best
they rap about fucking bitches and getting head , he raps about fucking bitches and getting heads
what do you call a bunch of white people running down a hill ?
an avalanche 

 what do you call a bunch of mexicans running down a hill ?
a mudslide 

 what do you call a bunch of black people running down a hill ?
a prison break
what message ?
" grab her by the p .... " ?
" mexicans are rapists ? "
i do n't think that 's a good idea .
lily has been problematic from jump yes this season she has not black ink crew chi
the worst and strange thing about this is gossip and calumny are sins , and there are more , but many are for the first time ever calling for moore to step aside when they have never called anyone else out , not even bill clinton , and have been silent on hollyrape .
women are now against the draft since women will be included soon
unknown , anyone who thinks that lgbt youth do n't get bullied more than ' normal ' kids in middle and high schools might qualify as a ' know nothing . '
< user > listen i don ’ t lie but yeah yeah i don ’ t hate you just strongly dislike you at times
this is wonderful .
i have always considered myself straight until now .
california demograph spics < percent > beaner < percent > white < percent > asian < percent > nog < percent > jew california hey at least we are only < percent > nog
one must wonder how long she will do in jail on the taxpayers dime before they decide to toss her spic ass out as for the guy castrate him and jail him for life the prisoners in nevada will deal with the matter themselves tyvm
" @billtufts how do you define " " bailout " " ?
the key factor in plan soundness is interest rates , which are slowly moving up .
agree ? "
< user > < user > seb gorka should be deported for being complicit to treason and spreading white supremacy inciting violence
rt realdonaldtrump great to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border the dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked if stalemate continues republicans should go to < number > nuclear option and vote on real long term budget no c.r .
segregationist president who has dr. ben carson in his cabinet .
oooohkay .
you had your kleagle klansman robert byrd as senate president   pro tempore as recent as 2010 .
hillary gave your klansman high praise .
you know i 'm so glad trump and his grande wizard of white knights of kkk are solving the great crime problems of our nation , after all what could be more of a threat to national security than a dirty little 5 year old mexican boy in kindergarten .
god bless trump and sessions for making america white again
if y all want a good enough lesbian movie tho .. watch"below her mouth " 😏
i think you are missing that it is young white males especially that are waking up
because they wanted to fuck her .
mexicans are assholes .
bring it !
thanks jade , i knew increasingly that i was being dishonest the more i developed the jjp58 personality , and that 's one reason i cut her ( i admit , i though of her as a her ) off , when i could n't support the basic dishonesty in the face of several people who liked her , and who assumed she was a she .
jjp58 was me , but my feminine side .
i think that all women have a man side , and all men have a woman side , and that 's what i regarded jjp58 as .
i miss jjp58 .
i have n't had martini parties since she went away , all my friends got old suddenly , along with me .
she was my adult puff , the magic dragon .
gone forever .
but she lives in my memory , and in my heart , i promise you .
i will continue to channel her , to the best of my ability !
damn dykes be looking scrumptious
do moslem or other ethnic children go through this or is it just the white children
make “ patriot ” as disgusting as “ nazi ” to liberals
" ... this bill actually poses a devastating and unprecedented threat to religious freedom and the progress that women have made toward true equal treatment in law and culture , " sarah kramer of alliance defending freedom ( adf ) wrote in an online analysis .
url
.@natalietudor agreed .
i just hate that society is so economically illiterate they blame sexism rather than capitalism for those questions .
< number > madison heights michigan warren said she will give amnesty to all < number > to < number > million illegal aliens living in the country a move that would immediately drive up foreign competition in the labor market for america working and blue collar class warren said we need a
so sexy ... 아주 예쁜 여자 i find koreans so attractive
> affirmative action : while it is unfortunate conservatives hijack this issue by claiming they are fighting for asian americans .
politicians face a conflict of deciding which minority to help .
by eliminating affirmative action , does it also benefit whites ?
i am confused by this one .
i thought the argument for removing affirmative action is to not play sides ... not help another minority who does n't benefit .
if not , i do n't see the argument for it .
give me your tired , your poor , your religious nutcases , your criminals yearning to escape justice ... the wretched refuse of your teeming shore ... and finally allow europe to be ruled by them and subjected to the moronic whims of this wretched refuse .
by by cory .
i did n't vote for a democrat .
change your party affiliation , and have a happy career as a give away politician .
the working class will find a republican to vote for .
quit kissing up to those who will never vote for you , and try to do what you promised to to those who did vote for you .
colorado does not need a john mccain .
" democrats are the real racists " has got to be my favorite cuck line of all time .
the zio jews are carriers of the biggest inferiority complex globally ... they have to keep repeating their two mantras ... the shoah and the supremacy ... to raise themselves from their obvious innate inferiority !
url
a red herring from a red - neck .
which kind of curls are you talking ?
the beautiful 3c that is glorify by the media or the short 4c ?
black girls have different type of curls .
that is why to protect them we wear protective styles .
from braids to wigs , we wear them to protect our natural hair and also to try different styles without damaging our natural hair .
on monday i an silky straight 20inches hair and on tuesday a big afro .
hair is a way to express ourselves .
i 'm sorry black women having fun with their hair makes you sad .
men and their " relationships . "
bye acosta !
moving forward , victims should not have to choose between justice and restitution .
it breaks my heart to know that my fav coach is leaving and i 'm rlly gon na miss her w all my heart but pls stay lit u da best ily orms & # 128575;&#128150;&#128150;&#128150;&#128150 ;
@tuckercarlson i find your naïveté disturbing how many times have you been called the n - word ?
followed in stores ?
questioned about why you are driving in a certain nhood ?
you are to use your platform for the good of humankind not pander to ratings- god sees u
choose lower population .
be proud that the " white people " were the first to understand that life means global survival .
less people .
can you honestly tell me that if hillary clinton was now president even though donald trump won the popular vote you would hold that position ?
a mexican and a black guy are riding in a car .... who 's driving ?
the cops
it 's requests to issue bonds .
we actually in fact need to improve our infrastructure now , rather than in 20 years when all those people have been paying taxes for a while .
the city is borrowing against the taxes that all the new people ( and all the new people that are still coming ) will be paying .
mexico is not a country it is ruled by the drug cartels , criminals cartels make billion trafficking 5 % is less 50 % is good without america mexico will be become a another terrorist country mexico have no control over their borders is it a country the illegals are flooding , completely all their products see what happens
of course , president elect trump might end up looking like a fool if he sticks with the flem he pushed as a candidate .
wink , wink , nudge , nudge .
" m.a.m.o.n. - latinos vs .
donald trump short film " 

 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q__bsi5rblw
and black women muzzee wetback statues being erected
do n't worry , oregon gov kate brown is providing free abortions for illegal aliens courtesy of oregon taxpayers .
some kinda hate   for latino babies goin on there .
" kate hate " ?
aca = train wreck
< user > yep tho is anyone surprised their defending known nazi nick fuentes
ion need yo pussy bitch i m on my own dick
why do so many filthy wetback half - breed spic savages live in # losangeles ?
none of them have any right at all to be here .
is n't the bible the word of god ?
how can the word of god be wrong ?
and who decides which parts to take literally and which are just a product of the time it was written ?
should i not take " thou shalt not kill " literally ?
white dudes be having they high school and college graduation year in the bio with their < number > lame ass homies as the pic lmao
any # ncat21 gc got any space for my crazy ass & # 128483;&#129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️
check out this youtube channel i found , i agree with most of what he says diversity destroys social cohesion in the west - youtube
@saf_d when brexit does n't deliver the racist 's aspirations they 'll find some other excuse to continue their hate peddling .
daca means more invaders in our country and more will flood in
rt realdonaldtrump great to see how hard republicans are fighting for our military and safety at the border the dems just want illegal immigrants to pour into our nation unchecked if stalemate continues republicans should go to < number > nuclear option and vote on real long term budget no c.r .
that leaped off the page at me too .
i do n't think there is a more disagreeable statement than " obviously we are an inclusive party . "
that 's the republican mantra , that you can produce a minority republican and they can go " see !
we do n't blow racist dog whistles constantly ! "
it glosses over the severe lacking of diversity that plagues them , and actually is their death - knell .
you 've got a candidate in trump that has given up on the latino vote .
he 's trashed women with sexist blathering .
he 's ripped on veterans .
it goes on and on .
the republican party is the exact polar opposite of an " inclusive party . "
diversity is our greatest weakness
13 - year - old beaner driver arrested in 25 - pound meth seizure 

 having 13 - year - olds traffic dangerous drugs - another job white people just wo n't do , the lazy gringos!~
@ilhanmn woman this has nothing to do with black , brown people .
this has to do with you .
the only thing you can do is continue to pull your race card , continue to degrade , belittle americans , play the victim when you know you are not .
you continue to cause division
we had a day with immigrants mexicans literally nothing what about days without other groups a day w o asians car accidents fall to all time low math left unsolved
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white people altright hdnw jewfreeamerica
this should not be called or even considered womensmarch real women do not lend themselves or rely on this new feminist bullshit its superflous judgejudy said it best when she owned katie couric these girls have no love let alone respect for themselves in return they recieve none slagfest
it 's not really the other side of the spectrum .
as a tall woman one can make lots of money e.g. in media , sports and fashion industry , also one may meet indimitated people , but never a lack of respect , especially not in work .
there tall women often earn more than short ones .
being tall is nowadays very important to many , it is a well sought trait and like i said one only has benefits in workplace .
however a short guy on the other hand ...
there should be a law that anyone mentioning the hatch act must be bitch slapped
if we let a bunch of hispanics dictate to us what laws we enforce and what ones we wo nt then it wo nt be long before we go third world and live in a shithole just like they ran away from , either obey our laws or get the hell out ! !
we call the shots up here not you !
so basically common core dumbs down curriculum to make it easier for minorities to pass while simultaneously dumbing down the higher iq white students
wow i ’ m really single how ghetto
i celebrate christmas all year long with the sirius holiday traditions channel that never goes off .
i would very much like to comment on this topic but i seriously doubt that i can manage to do so in fewer than five pages .
@girlguiding @mshelenwatts @girlguides we thank katie and stand in solidarity with her challenging   @girlguiding undermining safeguarding .
please support katie here , this is a landmark case for freedom of belief , women 's rights and the safeguarding of children .
url
i think it 's stupid that the government and also all religions dictates what should go into my body if i wanna overdose that 's my business but i would never do that though because i know my body and limits
a legend like her can say this coz kkk is expressive even if she has to just stand n look beautiful in a scene   url
let 's start by deporting ( or hanging ... i do n't care ) these mother f'ers !
this is proof that today 's immigrants are very different than my ancestors and they are n't assimilating and feel entitled to our country and want to take it over .
get every single one of these pos mexicans in this video the fk out of our country ! ! ! !
url
@kamalaharris if no one is above the law , why are illegal aliens allowed in our country ?
the findings based upon the responses to the big q is irrelevant and inconsequential !
it serves no purpose other than to get a " feel " of the public 's stance to the purveyors behind the question .
here - feel this opinion ..... !
no , it 's you who 's been thoroughly discredited here .
you either do n't understand what you 're looking at or purposely misrepresent it .
either way , you 've been owned .
blacks do commit more homicides as a raw number than whites , even with hispanic / latinos factored into the " white " category , and a vastly disproportionate amount per capita .
i 've already linked to the data , you can keep your head in the sand and cry " racism ! "
all you want , but you 're done here .
send your skanky wife back !
sall good i do the same anything form chicongo is usually black or wetback
yes .
you do n’t understand .
whether you ’re privileged or not is practically irrelevant to beliefs that you clearly express .
does n’t require one to be privileged to internalize the corresponding myths .
many women unfortunately agree with your rediculously sexist assertions .
many of my fellow latinos think that mexicans are dirty , lazy criminals .
something tells me you have n’t a clue about what it means to be profiled - that ’s clear from your ignorant assertions posted regardless of your real or perceived relative status or identity
reagan did a lot of good but i hate to say it his < number > amnesty of the first massive illegal beaner wave nullified all the good he did sure he may have spared the us a nuclear holocaust but he cursed it with a demographic hispanocaust
cafeteria worker : : does she speak english ?
directed at my friend , who according to this person , " looked more american , " hence her reasoning for not even bothering to try consulting me directly as to my english - speaking skills .
12 years ago when i was in elementary school .
made me feel angry , belittled , and confused as to what it meant to " look american " .
2 cars crash in mexico and 48 people were killed
yeah , heres a clue for the nigger author of this article .
chinks hate niggers , kikes hate niggers , spicks hate niggers and towelheads hate niggers .
even niggers hate niggers .
black africans hate the gauche lazy american blacks because they have no morals or work ethic .
niggrus americanus is the lowest form of human ( if you can even call them that ) on the planet , we should erase them
thanks i agree more repub mexicans blacks asians you get the picture
@hunterdrewtfa whether you believe that the sole purpose of existence is procreation or you believe it is simply the most fulfilling thing a person can do , it seems to make some sense for it to be done by a feminine woman and a masculine man .
patrick henry ‏ < user > 6 h < number > hours ago more democrats are placing illegal immigrants ahead of legal u.s .
citizens they are willing to hurt over < number > million legitimate citizens in order to give amnesty to a few hundred thousand illegal aliens democrats truly hate america
love how leftist feminists take our lingo and try and use it in a sentence you suck at this and probably bj too it why you went full carpet muncher bet you would have loved this dyke to be president
i saw this porno once where the black guy had a nicer butt than the white bitch he was beating on not me
was there supposed to be like some weird dramatic shit after jason went missing ?
like he was gon na come back all dramatic like ?
there is a very pretty girl sitting behind me in class 
 should i make an autistic ass of myself or stay silent ?
portable stainless steel vegetable peeler , only $ 5.76 https://t.co/xgyihmvspc via @kitchenhandle https://t.co/ut8wwrftgb
there a distinction between refugee and illegal migrant a refugee is a victim of persecution illegal migrants are not victims of persecution nrc will identify the illegal migrants citizenship act wd give refugees a new life my request to < user > add ahmadis
so a mexican guy gets struck by lightning .
< repeat > the obituary was titled " refried beaner ! "
many politicians take liberty with the facts , trump takes liberties with politically correct facts and therefore he is called a liar .
first repost of comment rejected for non - civility .
the migrants currently bringing * diversity and culture * to germany will love shitting all over the place and wiping their hands on the interior windows .
i d rather not read your trash while also making fun of how much of a faggot you are
tell me honestly are you guilty asked my lawyer it does not make a difference to me but i do not want to be surprised in court yes i raped and murdered all of those prostitutes i admitted that very interesting he said but let get back to this shoplifting charge now
i m literally not a zionist but dear lord how hard is it to just recognize that people just genuinely despise jews
that is gibberish .
@diegoeloso95 send him to mexico so they can give him to the cartels .
i 'm sure they 'd kill him slowly and painfully just like he deserves :)
nick fuentes is a filthy spic
kill all the men
i am a retard
even though pope benedict xvi has long since departed his post at the vatican ( if not his residence in vatican city ) it would seem that the culture of censorship he carefully cultivated during the entirety of his career at the cdf and later as pope is alive and well among his most ardent followers who will tolerate not one scintilla of dissent from absolute right - wing orthodoxy .
if dems ca n't win the debate based upon logic and reason , they must change the rules of the debate in their favor .
< user > men can not be raped can not be abused that why they call it violence against women and children because men are always the perpetrators women come first even before children
you bitches is real life basic asf step your motherfucking cookies up
a muslim is someone who follows or practices islam ; so if i 'm walking down the street how do you know you should ignore me ?
this whole kerfuffle has nothing to do with race and everything to do with some mis - guided attempt to keep the country safe .
it 's sad we are so easily distracted from the real problems we face .
of course the star bends the truth to fit their own prejudice .
thomas walkom is the master of truth bending and this article is nothing more than a vile and ugly rant .
nowhere does leitch state that country of origin is the issue , it is individual beliefs that matters .
that , of course , is one of the major differences between people like me and social justice warriors , i judge people by who they are as individual and sjw look at individuals as members of a groups .
thank you brent sass to care enough for your dogs and your own safety to know 
 when it 's right to stop .
we cross our fingers that in one of the coming years 
 everything will go just right !
unknown , anyone who thinks that lgbt youth do n't get bullied more than ' normal ' kids in middle and high schools might qualify as a ' know nothing . '
we should build a double wall and fill the space with hungry lions ! ! ! !
anyone who enters , will be lion food ! ! ! ! !
it 's a cheap , cost effective way to keep these latino maggots out ! ! ! !
beauty is a depreciation asset .
personality is an appreciation asset .
wrinkles awaits us all - catoursky
they 'll come back in your plan , also .
plus we pay to jail them for 2 years .
with my plan , we jail them after they come back .
and deport them again .
it really does n't matter either way until we 're build the wall , and shoot the invaders as enemies when they cross the border .
> scabs said he 's a ' suuuper lazy lover in the sack ' so no wonder this mexican bitch with her fake ass and tits and face is off catching loads from every pencil dick in hollywood .
​ she 's so insanely basic , but schrawb loves that kind of basic personality to go with his .
& gt ; :( i wish i stayed at the hotel a little longer bc a lot of my ( ex ) batchmates went 2 prom earlier i miss them but :( i m :( awkward :(
mulcair the best - performing ndp leader ever ?
i 'd give that to the party 's founding leader tommy douglas - by a million miles ( before kilometres ) .
exactly !
news reporter keep saying that legislators did not agree how to fund rail .
instead should be saying to fund it or not .
kgmb , are you listening ?
can we bomb brazil already ?
i have nt seen one person with iq higher than 20 from there jesus christ
and tomatoes i hate tomatoes this hoe just said fuck my instructions
lol , so killing people is the answer .
w / e , non - white counter - revolutionaries make up my family .
i 'm living proof of your ignorant bullshit .
cont my fecundity and a fuller economic productivity has been outrageously stolen by ghetto blacks mexican invaders white meth trash and now now muslims all to support the kalergi plans of the globalists you know who s no more
trump is a racist sympathizer .
he single - handedly used his wealth and fame to perpetuate the lie – wholly racist in nature – that president obama was not born in the united states .
he has declared his intention to deport millions of law - abiding muslims , ban immigration of muslims , and has called mexican immigrants drug dealers and rapists .
he openly accepted the support of avowed white supremacists during his campaign and has done virtually nothing to distance himself from these groups and their political aims since .
the neo - nazi and white supremacist groups that marched in charlottesville are similarly transparent in their purpose .
they believe in the supremacy of white european christians over , well , everyone else .
in particular , they want to eliminate jews and blacks , and latinos , muslims , lgbtq folks , feminists ( perhaps women , generally ) , catholics , and many others .
there is no mystery here .
manlet wimp prettyboy
< user > they know it very well bro they want their immigrant terrorist brothers to have a free run in our country that it
“ i don ’ t think he ’ a sociopath i think he ’ just a retard ”
it 's such a subtle expression of his faith while he such a tremendous display of what it actually means .
he will mention god , but it does n't seem forced or excessive .
instead , he will show you what it means to follow in the footsteps of jesus through his unceasing love and compassion .
that is how you spread the word and your faith .
i may not align with christianity or any religion and i do n't think religion is necessary to live a loving life .
but if religion is what brings people to that kind of life and fulfills them , then i can support that .
alex jones ' popularity is an indication of something deeply wrong in the world . (
and 2 m subs does n't actually seem like a huge number in the first place . )
if trump ’s tweets bother you more than what happened in rotherham or manchester , then i do n’t even know what to say to you ,
hey , muslim dickhead ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
why don;t you go and shove allah or whatever the fuck you call the retard up your stupid backwards ass ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
you fucking muslims are a bunch of jealous west hating mongs , islam is a peaceful religion , bullshit ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are many times when it refers to violence .
so go strap on your suicide bomb and blow yourself up .
yey , one less feeble minded prick ion the world .
... lol no .
and you do nt think 3rd world shit holes do nt " pillage rape , and enslave " ?
lol get real .
they do it 1000x worse .
go to africa and have a look .
the 1st world also supplys trillions to 3rd world and they do fuck all with it .
europe / north america needs to be for european decent .
you can have everything else .
middle east for arabs asia for asians south america for south americans africa for africans ect fair is fair .
we can see how well they do on their own .
good luck
i am a retard
leave it to oregon to have to have a permit to pee and then get taxed on urine ...
what does a smart mexican share with a unicorn ?
they 're both fictional .
i have never really cared for < user > ‍ but i < number > disavow the doxxing of him you can laugh at him call him a retard for being wrong about everything make fun of his stuttering etc but the second you dox someone you cross a serious line
take the full force of the us military , federal police , and immigration services and send them street by street , town by town , and state by state with the mission of removing all illegal persons , dreamers , anchor babies , and any extended relatives to mexico no matter nation of origin .
let mexico figure it out .
they have been sending them here for decades .
if that does n't stop the flow north .
revoke the citizenship of all prison inmates with a life term or longer and deport them to mexico in mass .
i 'd bet mexico would start building a wall tomorrow .
white boy anyway seems like this was the mythical black unicorn living in a house with his woman and their own kids now thanks to the beaner lopez where are americans going to find another black unicorn
< user > sorry had some things to do what a load of ra ra beaner bullshit i thought little dude was funny then he outs his own i d what a fucking tard talk about low level punk troll
you ever tell someone your plans and you 've kept your mouth shut until now and all of a sudden they get canceled or ruined ?
brujería mijo
cut to cubs postgame crew on nbc sports chicago and it a jew a spic and a kneegrow for a team that ll get the vast majority of its offense and pitching this year as usual from white players and whose fanbase is overwhelmingly white
those are n't real men
the bible ?
i was talking about the qur'an , you infidel !
may allah bless you , i fear you are too far gone now .
india : women account for 2 % of central forces , but 40 % of suicides
< user > < user > i hate you so much i m choking over here 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
terminate dark feminism please
he did n't shoot up the bar cause of chapo retard .
he hated women so he killed his sister and killed a bunch of other college fags .
they are on obamacare unless they get insurance via a spouse .
i am no great fan of congress , but those are the facts .
misábadoconelartista miluskaeskenazi canta y baila i will always love you whitneyhouston en < user > 💃
for my # lgbtq friends in the catholic church : god loves you . #
pridemonth   url
given that the current answer from the police is largely " turn off the computer " , this should surprise no one .
should be locked up for this , wonder how long he 'll end up serving , maybe a week if we are lucky in this country .
well your moms gay
i got an idea : let 's deport these terrorist rats to some cocoa fields in southern mexico .
these frosty fucks would die in a week .
they do n't care if they pay tax or not as they are after sales and profits and cheap labor !
i doubt you can actually get close enough to the antis to pass a flower .
karen walker : 
 ‏ 

 crooked politicians grow wealthylook at how politicians prospered under obama vs. the average american
so what you 're saying is , white peoples also have ebt and medicaid ? ? ?
i think you 're right , trumpers thought it was a black and latino thing ... #maga
if minorities in this country were truly oppressed you would n’t have so many people desperately pretending to be one .
you are n't seriously claiming that blacks and hispanics are n't christians , are you ?
they probably do n't wear it on their sleeves as much because it would expose their hypocrisy , particularly with regard to abortion .
they 're democrats because the welfare system pays them to be , so they put their financial interests ahead of their religious beliefs .
you anti - christian democrats are a small minority in your party .
even the evangelicals in your party out - number you .
like no , as soon as i hear that attitude and disrespect , just know i 'm getting closer to losing my job & # 129303 ;
instant solution redeploy the us military from protecting kikes and arabs in the middle east to the border with mexico < user >
to put things in perspective , our founding fathers were thinking in terms of quill pens and soap boxes when they wrote the 1st amendment , not television , the internet and giant media conglomerates .
ah , you do n't want ' them ' to be accommodated .
the ' them ' that in the past has been black , chinese , latino , gay , lesbian .
and it might make a soldier uncomfortable ?
if it does , then that snowflake soldier ai n't gon na be much of a soldier if that 's all it takes to affect his / her morale .
have you thought at all bout this fakenose , or do you just post your prejudices anyway ?
nope , we would n't went ' them ' in the military .
or as neighbours , huh , fakenose ?
i would not be worried except for the fact that this is africa and the untrustworthy corrupt incompetent inefficient unreliable self enriching communist anc is in charge .
then there is the question of who will be running this system , the gupta 's or maybe a few nigerians ?
other than that , it sounds like a perfectly good idea .
yeah that really cool and all but it turns out women niggers spics jews arabs asians and boomers also vote
that 's fukn stuck up as hell kd you the bitchest bitch ever .
go fuk yourself in brooklyn cupcake ass .
past abuses were   an integral part of history and civilization .
when cultures clash , there are bound to be injustice or worst .
should the italians be forever tainted because of slavery during pax romanica ?
should white people be forever    condemned because of colonialism and racism ?
heck , no !
europeans 
 practiced   genocide in latin america and 90 %   of the natives   were gone , but the latin legacy , culture and languages now flourish   like never before !
palestine is real it part of syria palestia the name the romans gave it after they struck down a jewish insurrection in the first century ad it was originally called judea but it sure as shit ain t no raghead country or even a country at all
< user > if you were the police officer getting off duty and thinking anyone black or white was in your apartment and they all look identical like a hotel and for that moment you drew your gun for self defense would you want to be charged with murder or manslaughter
what do you call a high mexican ?
a baked bean
getting a photo id so you can vote is easy .
unless you ’re poor , black , latino or elderly .
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/courts_law/getting-a-photo-id-so-you-can-vote-is-easy-unless-youre-poor-black-latino-or-elderly/2016/05/23/8d5474ec-20f0-11e6-8690-f14ca9de2972_story.html
remember , when you buy california fruit you are supporting illegal immigration because that is all who pick the fruit .
youtube - euclid square mall , 2007 ( dead mall ) can anyone report in from euclid , ohio ?
notice how the article only compares blacks to whites and leaves out other major racial / ethnic groups like hispanics and asians ?
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/asian-america/racial-gender-wage-gap-persists-asian-american-men-top-average-n602076 
 " white men earn a median $ 21 an hour , making more money than women across all races , according to a pew research center analysis of bureau of labor statistics data .
they also earn more than black and hispanic men , who make a respective $ 15 and $ 14 median hourly wage .
the only group that out - earns white men is asian men , who earn $ 24 , according to the report . "
if there are factors such as " discrimination " as the article states , then why do asian men earn more than white men ?
could it be that asian men work harder , value education and family more than white and black men and that discrimination does n't have a gd thing to do with it ?
this article is a great example of how the leftist media tries to misinform the public in order to push its agenda .
makes sense thernovith would sell out on beaner invasion in a second to sell spanish copies of gorilla mindset anyways if he somehow managed to gain power lol when it comes down to it alt lite fags are just gayer leftists
farmer - yeah i was pissed last night when i was banned .
i at least got 3 comments for 24 hrs .
most of comments are rejected because the 3 people " approving " them do n't agree with them , not because they are not civil .
i did see art chance who wrote " f#^^ you frank and ended with a fu adn .
i died laughing , and then i got my adn spanking and realized exactly why art was extra pissed .
i died laughing , almost peed my pants .
have no idea what that comment was referencing but i sure wanted to read the thread !
@thegoodgodabove holy hell , someone should lock that dude away from society .
he 's creepy and the way he was talking to the reporter is sexist as hell .
why are there no mexican architects ?
they ca n't support anything .
i think donald j trump should offer a resettlement program to all eu nationals who are not happy with the current immigration policies of it leaders that way trump gets immigrants who are nearly perfectly aligned with usa values education and european expats can feel better at ease
lol you 're a fucking typical racist incel .
a bunch of ignorant , poor , uneducated backward living fucks cavemen .
so hateful of everything in the world , such a sad life .
you people need help .
i am deeply troubled by the recent actions of the nfl and it 's players .
i love my broncos and have been a fan since 1975 .
i hold this country and our flag dear to me heart but without hesitation i can say , they are dishonoring the flag and the people that have fought for it .
there are many injustices in this country but we must work together to rectify them .
if you go anywhere else in this world those same injustices are exponentially worse .
when will these protests end ?
during wwii , america had internment camps .
should i start waiting for the asian american protests ?
currently in this country our muslim population is being vilified and judged .
when will the muslim american contingent start dishonoring our flag ?
this countries latino population , i feel , is by far the most persecuted and judged .
where is their voice ?
does the current nfl player represent them in their protest against the flag and those who fought for it ?
please rethink these misguided protests .
btw trump is an ass .
hey , mexico !
until you get your narco gangs under control & your mass murders stopped , keep your f**king nose out of our country 's business !
you have a shithole country , we have a constitution !
we will control our guns as we see fit ! #
shallnotbeinfringed url
hey fam , does anyone have information on how q ect plans on respectfully removing all of the illegal aliens pouring into our country , right now ?
at the border now , hundreds of thousands more are there with eb0la , demanding asylum , accusing border patrol of racism .
we cannot loose focus of this trojan horse ! !
there are some women who are strong willed women and yet remain good mothers and wives .
any person who makes false accusations of sexual assault or rape should be charged with libel , slander , character assassination and or perjury .
the gender of a person who fabricates stories about somebody    is irrelevant to the harm done to an innocent person .
the trump reference in the column was lost on you apparently .
trump is president despite the fact that his opponent drew more votes than him .
arguably this is a scare tactic , but the point is that under a pr system the will of the people is more broadly reflected in the results .
< user > < user > fred could nt renew his mind enough god almighty snapped his neck without violence u want do that again
not a big thing he let it continue congress already appropriated money several years ago he can manipulate existing funds to create more money if needed and just because some wetback applies for a visa dies not mean he should get it play hardball gop has the votes
yta - for posting this .
you can literally just say that you are not interested in receiving ministering sisters or elders .
stop making it appear more difficult than it is .
himanshu purohit go and bend over and let the white man fuck you in the arse you fucking pussy .
the umpire can not be disrespected .
you are a typical inferior complex dipshit
fuck you and fuck her
welcome to boomer history < number > where all you do is share fancy pictures the young people make repeat whatever retarded shit you heard pre internet never fact checked since
you should have looked in those statistics further .
whites represent 80 % of violent and sexual crimes against children -- they are convicted of such crimes three times more often than blacks and five times more than latinos .
and mass shootings ?
ye gods and little fishes -- about 90 % .
also , all you people out there " of color " , be very , very worried and do something about it with your vote on the next go round .
trump is a white supremacist , obviously picking on blacks , this time .
he has no problem pandering to the racism of his " base " , stirring it up in a racist frenzy .
he 's used mexicans , middle easterners , jews and blacks as his foils to do that so far .
this is getting bad .
even nfl owners , risking offending their white customer base , are pushing back - and they have no problem killing their employees to make money .
very bad .
only if they pry it out of my cold ......... hands .
literally anything racist or with the nword
what do a baseball and a mexican have in common ?
the harder you hit it the more english you get
i fucking hate you and i mean it
millions of brown retards coming in .
that should help .
death from supernatural is the best looking ugly guy i 've ever seen
well immigrants are rapists and murderers so that explains at least some portion of it
can we deport this loser to syria .
url
# thinking so efe could actually stay 3 months without smoking weed .
you people should just give him the money .
ije ego & # 128514 ; & # 128514 ; & # 128514 ;
no one : african women w nice bodies : url
hundreds of african migrants cross us - mexico border in texas over past week : reports url
what 's the difference between tea and mexicans ?
one was deported and the other imported , both purposefully .
i promise to empty my balls so deep in your fat pussy
i hate how news media titles subjects so negatively .
i am with @mariolopezextra kids should just be kids .
i do n't think kids are old enough to know what they really want or know anything about sexuality yet .
if you change something physically that can be dangerous .
lmao it 's my pride pin .
yeah cuz it 's illegal to be gay in the us .
fuck off it 's more dangerous to come out as a moderate and conservative than it is to come out as gay .
no one gives a fuck who you fuck .. so fuck off .
< user > devildog the uc davis protesters remind me of the bolsheviks and every communist that has lived no dialog just violence and killing reminds me also of the nazis the storm troopers and the ss
" i just said this and my brother said " " i think you know what 's won harriet . " "
and started singing occidentali 's karma & # 128514;&#128557 ; "
it 's only my opinion paul .
look at michigan , if fraud was relevant there then i have no reason to trust the results in california .
i do n't hear anyone blaming russia for michigan .
i 'm not behind the whole birther conspiracy , it 's irrelevant right now , again imo .
propaganda is rampant everywhere and i ca n't stand it anymore than you can , at this point who can we trust in the media .
we already have laws in place to regulate voting , just like we do immigration .
i just wonder why certain individuals in positions of power are choosing to either follow or ignore the laws , do n't we have standards ?
my problem with what you said is that proving that the stop was for " driving while black " or " driving while latino " is impossible to prove .
thus , saying that the person so stopped should sue is futile , since the suit would go nowhere , and merely cost the person money .
" sadly , the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics - a tough subject - must be discussed . "
good to know in this case .
put snipers on our southern and northern borders and end the problem when it starts !
you bring a child across the border you and the child will suffer the consequences !
@senatemajldr i hope you get put in trumps border camp , forced to drink out of your own toilette , get starved until you fall out of your f*cking turtle shell , and then get deported with your family to russia where they treat you like a reporter . #
gophuckyourself # treasonousturtle # factsmatter
y' all : omg you support a guy kicking a woman just for speaking her own opinion ?
it 's disrespectful and very immature !
also y' all : go kill your self you fat ugly beaner i hope you get raped and get deported back to your country ! ! ! !
this is just more anti - white racism .
they are trying to destroy the lives of white boys .
and in other news the matsu with state help is going to spend 1.6 million on the barge dock at port mckenzie , and according to the ktuu legislative cost overrun clock these two special sessions have cost over 2 million , yet 8 million had to be cut from ua , not that there is n't plenty of cuts that can be made there , its just odd that they so celebrate those cuts and continue to waste money upon themselves and their pet projects .
a recruit dies after falling off a building because he was running from abuse ?
f*ck these boot camp sociopath perverts and f*ck the marines !
you do n't defend my freedom , i defend my own damn freedom .
let any fuck face try to infringe on my rights , and you 'll meet my rifle .
you defend the us government 's freedom to rape developing countries in order for us businesses to continue making money in any way they can .
and f*ck trump !
talk about people being babies : look at the stupid white people in this country losing .
their .
shit .
all because we had a black president and now we 'll have a madame president .
thank the goddess that latinos are breeding faster than white people in this country .
maybe the marines can free us all from the bat shit crazy christians and their own forms of sharia law , but they 're too busy jerking each other off , so maybe it 'll have to be the mexicans .
@mychalmassie @ilhanmn @ilhan ilhan , either assimilate into the customs and cultures of americans or remove yourself from office .
thus far , your actions show you 're on a mission to impose sharia law on america .
alert !
we will not allow you to get us even the tiniest bit pregnant with sharia .
so stop it now ! !
steriotypical mexicano with the brown skin drugs , guns , illegal activities is is the poison that i m downin
the apartheid system was so well planned .
the segregation between people of colour made us believe that our allies are our enemies .
the issue is that we started to live this lie .
now the legacy of apartheid continues in our thoughts about one another .
after i was abducted by the aliens , i begged and pleaded with them not to butt - probe me .
but it was no use .
diego and jose shoved the cocaine up my arse and sent me back over the border .
i hate accidentally falling asleep then waking up at some random ass times
when the feelz so surreal you got ta break out that tounge i love beaner pussy nomnomonom
you guys got to remember that trump likes canada , so things will essentially remain the same , or get better .
mexico , well ... adios muchacho !
notice the < number > he is part of a salvadoran drug gang or he is a shitty white supremacist who can not get the < number > tattoo correct
" never forget to hate brown people "
i m a simple lesbian .
i see a bishounen , i want to be them
how would you call a dog if it has long neck , can break all things and can dive into water ?
so stay your socially awkward ass away from me and go exfoliate .
one of the great examples of unisex is punjabis name .
hamrinder mein kaur laga to female and singh laga do to male.&#128539;&#128539;&#128539 ;
send these criminals home !
we our taking our country back ! !
do not think for even a moment that the un wasn t involved in making that happen c mon now the same un that is allowing white genocide in south africa and pushing for white replacement or genocide in larger more established countries
careful about what you post around u / rjected ... 
 u / rjected is salty that he did n't get into uc berkeley or cornell so he 's posting our stuff to r / niceguys
black women more likely to experience sexual harassment in the workplace , study finds url
i feel sorry for mexican and asian niggas , they got the worse shaped bitches on earth .
your parental rights as a father are not assumed .
here 's a thought .
why does n't the lgbtq community add an " s " for straight people in order to cover all the bases & celebrate acceptance for all ?
that would be true inclusivity .
if u do n't buy the box of colored goldfish you r a racist tbh
dear nancy , 

 a cursory review of the time line between the public crafting of obamacare , through the committee hearings and changes , including over 100 republican amendments , to the time of its signing into law was approximately fourteen months .
the current " tax reform " bill sprang out of nowhere thursday morning and republican leaders hope to shove it through congress with no committee hearings in less than fourteen days .
if you can read 400 pages in forty - eight hours , and are gushing with pride at your accomplishment , what prevented you from reading the 2,000 pages of the affordable care act over fourteen months ?
all white people are pedophile enablers becuase white men lead the world in pedophiliia .
from the church to the classroom .
considering this is stormfront i 'd say we are all in agreement that we highly prefer white children to anything else ....
if that antifa trash had succeeded in burning that facility , migrants would have died .
immigrants do the jobs no one wants to do .
like marrying donald trump .
and being a suicide bomber .
stupid cunt , why waiste a load on your worthless skin ? ! ?
co - worker : : so ... are you mixed ?
because you look white but your name is ... " me ( after clarifying that he 's referring to my race ): : oh , yeah .
my dad is white and my mom is puerto rican .
after this exchange , my co - worker basically stops talking to me for the remainder of my employment there .
i was 19 , working at a dining commons at uc berkeley .
made me feel hurt , confused , irritated , like i have to prove my identity to others .
who she epp ?
me !
endless love and prayer my incomparable and irreplaceable diamond . #
reunionisalliaskifpossible
oh , nicole !
with your twirliness and flattering a - line silhouette . & #
128525;&#128525 ; one of my favorites for … https://t.co/hjczztebsc
do n't pick her !
there is zero hope of ever balancing the states budget if beltrami were to get elected .
he would always put union pay raises ahead of everything else .
oh look ..... another day , another liberal tax proposal .
those illegal children would n't have died if their dumbass illegal parents did n't endanger them in the first place .
how selfish .
how long do chuck the schmuck and nancy his water carrier believe they will b in power as beaner illegals take over new york and san fran oops forgot they can not think liberals r stupid short sighted fools
+21trillion trillion only if you consider the fact : it 's arguable 15 % of the us white population has white supremacist leanings .
that means there 's about 30,000,000 .
if you subtract 50 % of which are mostly talk , that 's still a substantial long term threat that can not be ignored , nor taken lightly .
let 's start a petition to ban all the fake incels who are under 18
took him at rb33 in my first draft of the season , so that slapping sound you hear every time a puff piece on him comes out is coming from my neck of the woods
will canadians repay the honour and never forget alan thicke ?
answer :   too difficult for him .
tough to lose the speedy creek accent .
does spic look white to blacks
zog agents attacking islam let islam take down zog
if hillary did bad , then nail her too .
but all you do is keep saying she did bad but no indictment or anything .
what is republican controlled dc waiting for if it 's clear   she did   something wrong and criminal ?
i say you are full of $ het ! ! !
that nigga charlie murphy said p diddy got dolphin teeth
< user > the definition of mom porn childless white women watching refugee children and babies crying on tv momporn i am a childless white woman but i feel ill at the sight of endless foreign kids better to focus on animalrights they are victims of human behavior sterilize third world
be boomer grow up when access to information is heavily controlled along comes internet age have the world at your finger tips believe things even more retarded than when info was controlled
i appreciate being bilingual with both african american vernacular english and corporate white american english
he should join the jew epstein in prison and share cells with bubba
stupid bitch
@hollandcourtney @bmcadory9 i 'm not surprised , these same pc lunatic reprobates call men , women and women , men .
i find it funny that bill king cuck mitchell just called for a jew and a mestizo having a child to launch a new race of retarded leftists < laugh >
story time : stranger kong katabi ko sobrang cute so what the heck , i decided to tell her after the concert she ...
woman : : have you noticed a lot of hispanics moving in [ to new orleans ] ?
my cousin : : i have , actually !
woman : : we heard that a lot of them were moving here to rebuild the place , because - you know - that 's what they 're good at .
yeah me too yeah you too yeah you bash blacks too and the chinks and the j00s dindu nuffins hindu muffins spics micks wops sand niggers who cares humans talk that s what we do so we should go kill each other please
do n't sweat it man , there are so many better women out there .
if that 's how she responded then she does n't deserve you anyway !
find someone who wants you as much as you want them ! !
if you 'd posted this on uo matters , it would be the comment of the month and i 'd owe you a coffee cup .
illegals should be deported if they are caught again in the usa after they been deported they should be fucking executed
* top not too .
my best mate has this problem and it makes me sad its like he is scared but i ca nt do anything the more i go on with it the more he gets sick of it .
so i think do nt force it on them that may turn them away however hard it is to sit there and listen to them say ` ` i do nt care ''
promoting violence or engaging in political violence is not helpful we do not have the numbers or the support to engage in illegal activities such acts of violence are futile and gives more ammunition for our enemies to dehumanize us
this is eerily similar to what i 'm going through right now , but luckily i 'm in a much more inclusive environment .
two days ago i first came out to one of my female friends who is also bi , and to say it went well would be an understatement .
< user > single religion in the floor of allah is islam search
arrest them at the border and put them in cages .
muslims jews homosexuals transgenders blacks hispanics and all the other minorities in usa vote democrat even single women vote democrat the reason is hate for whitey and christianity the white man is the last person democrats want to vote for them the democrat party is very sick
i swear if i ever die someday and some sorry son of bitch votes democrat on my behalf i will comeback and slash that motherfucker
hello itik , what an appropriate name you have .
in any case , i know you are not native .
but this one is for you and all the rest of the high and mighty liars .
from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author who is also a white woman .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
so that s where beaners come from
in the < number > < number > zipper head and slope were pretty fashionable i do believe they covered the gambit of asians
a few times i ve been told to make kids .
i said i have no one to make them with .
now i have someone but we do not feel ready to have kids .
i belive in quality over quantity .
so we would have maybe 2 to 4 .
would not it be funny if american blacks and mexicans were going around beating the crap out of muslim arabs the liberal media would flat lose their shit
another , thoughtful , and articulate response from corbeil .
how long did it take to compose ?
we shall see who has dung dropped on them .
too funny .
how many sand niggers has putin let into russia how many beaners spics
fuck the mexican president !
how can you let illegals wonder through your country ?
he is a criminal !
i have my guns , let 's get it on !
deport that communist criminal piece of sh^t(aoc ) along with the rest of the drugie freeloading welfare sucking illegals , they have turned their home into a sh^thole ... and now they hope to do that to the usa ...
trump making america great again after < number > years of what s his name massive incompetence and mussie evil called no hope with chains
dumb spic bitch
because you 're being sexist you fucking dunce
too bad australia is n't a country that goes around cutting off clits and shit that needs the change
same .
catch these illegal fucks and send them back .
< user > because white assholes assume the entire world is theirs
when do you call a mexican gay ?
when he does n’t cross the border .
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
begone racists anti semites and homophobes we white people want more inclusion and wonderful black and brown people in our countries
< user > < user > < user > leave your brother alone time will kill all that stupidity anto na obinna
a terrorist group may not be protected ... but an individual citizen who may sympathize with a terrorist group could be .
he does n't have to be a member of the kkk .
just a guy who likes the kkk and takes delight in screwing with this black business owners because he resents the fact that he is a business owner and not a janitor or a share cropper .
i am making it complicated because i see the law as protecting one group of people and saying " screw you " to all other minority groups .
in this example the baker in the case has stopped making wedding cakes .
it would be a shame if a jewish or black or latino or asian baker had to make the same type of decision when they harbor no ill will towards anyone other than those who harbor ill will towards them .
the little guy
there were three people on a bridge ... a mexican , a russian and an american .
the russian takes a bottle of vodka throws it in the river and says , " we have too much of this in my country . "
then the mexican throws a taco of the bridge and says , " we have too much of this in my country . "
then the american picks up the mexican , throws him into the river and says , " we have too many of these in my country . "
majority of my best friends have been straight guys .
we can gush about girls together , share similar interests and hobbies , and overall there 's no worry about being attracted to them ( on my end at least lol ) .
whereas with girl friends i 'll usually end up crushing on them at first ( or maybe for a while ) which i think changes the way i act around them slightly ?
anywho ya i like having straight guy friends .
glad you found a good one too !
you mean " what the media tell you " .
i have more than a clue , i have excellent journalism to show me .
media is a plural word .
a medium is a means of transmitting information .
the town crier was a news medium , as were the troubadors of the middle ages .
theater and opera are media .
we have print media , spoken media such as radio , visual media such as tv and film .
we have electronic media such as this forum and the internet .
in each medium different persons , committees , and corporations exercise some editorial control , but in the us and much of the world , unitary control does n't exist and we have a broad diversity of views , and disagreement over the facts .
this is not true in russia where all media are strictly controlled by a state with absolute power , including the power to jail , kill or banish any opposition .
putin is good for russia ?
that 's saying a dictator is good for a country . "
personal matters " ?
you mean , murdering all political opposition and hoarding huge wealth ?
how does chess relate to people in real life ?
whites always come first
why do mexicans never have sex ed and driver 's ed on the same day ?
they have to give the donkey a break at some point .
that is good news when i was in norge ..
build great wall made by prison or shitskin labor using kilms dig out moats filled with gators or flooded with rushing water fact wet backs ca nt swim in raging waters illegal immigration solved border patrol do their jobs where no wall or moats
nope , just you .
< user > < user > < user > < user > when the majority of the world is not white and when your nation has a slim white majority it kinda hard to not bomb varying races i d you want to be pedantic america has bombed caucasians hispanics africans south americans and asians at some point very inclusive
as a canadian i can only hope that the good old us of a cancels nafta .
when mulroney and reagan set it up , i thought , oh good !
i will be able to buy things on one side of the border or the other for the same price .
they will get a minimum wage in all the states !
health care will become pan - north american .
instead it has been a simple ploy to allow multinationals to move their businesses to cheap labour locations .
can you say caterpillar moving from canada to mexico ?
i knew you could .
and we give american access to our oil , electricity and water .
please , please cancel this mess .
it will be so good for canada and trump lacks the intellectual horsepower to realize it .
nafta has done so much damage to canada , if donald gets rid of it i might even vote for him , if i could .
@prisonplanet @realdonaldtrump i 'm afraid no chance 4 us 2 get a really independent potus .
swamp drains anyone .
doubt … https://t.co/62nqrb8hss
you win !
just deport ocasio cortez wherever she came from ! ! !
i see her as " the " representative of illegal mexican immigrants is she making money getting paid by mexican government ? ? ?
what do you call an hispanic group that targets black people ?
the que , que , que
there 's a fucking clown filter on snapchat , i want to die .
god gave us brains to make medical treatment and medication if he did n't want us to use it then he would of gave it to us
oc wo n't " disable " per se , but it does n't feel good at all .
you will still be able to function .
< user > i fucking hate you come home tho
says the troll who thinks that showing id to vote is beyond the capabilities of black people , hispanics and old people .
gab runnng very slow - anyone else got this issue ?
before the " hate native people " hecklers and kkk wannabes come out , let me remind them they have no axes to grind for themselves .
see the following .
from lisa bloom . "
in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
man this woman came hear as an illegal immagrant .. are you fucking kidding me ... soc hates america ... fuk outta her with this bullm shit ... lets just eliminate the border and sing fuckinj g kumbah ya
so all whites have to do is prop up your victim complex ?
good to know .
i m trans as well .
i understand how you feel
this has to one of the dumbest thing i 've ever heard off .
all the mexican eateries i go to have burgers and fries ?
portland will i 'm sure out do this though .
nta .
you made a kind gesture to be inclusive .
he could have explained his feelings , but chose instead to say horrible things to you .
i 'm impressed by your graciousness and ca n't believe he 's still invited .
for what it 's worth , i have a few trans friends who were in wedding parties in the last year and all of them were thrilled by how inclusive the brides were . :)
congratulations on your wedding !
i hate accidentally falling asleep then waking up at some random ass times
oh , those guys were just trying to holler at you !
that was the idea unite the minorities against the white edifice chip away with a thousand cuts it why so many minorities idolize act like ghetto thugs now no one wants to be caught on the side of whites because they think we will be defeated someday
@archbishopkurtz announces religious freedom week 2019 url url
thank god for you prophetess bola .
you have been a blessing
yemen is in stage 9 of 10 stages of genocide .
millions are being intentionally starved .
when are we going to call the yemen genocide a genocide like genocide watch ?
will we wait until the genocide is completed and tens of millions are dead ? #
yemengenocide url
furries are gay url
i know i keep hoping i wake up one day and this multiracial hell canada was all just a terrible nightmare , but it never happens .
@mediarchivist ca n't wait to see all the street preachers and such get arrested because of this garbage .
let this 🤡 🌎 burn .
just watched the first few minutes of the video and will finish when i wake up .
what you are effectively saying is that if you are not a high earner you are not entitled to affordable and effective healthcare .
personally i do n't understand why you ca n't take care of the health of workers and allow businesses to be successful .
to the article 's point of letting distribution of marijuana be in the hands of small business makes perfect sense and small business would be more successful than any large corporation in enforcing some form of societal standards .
but big government relates to big business not small business .
just look are our cell phone industry as a benchmark .
when spectrum was being divided up in the early 1990 's , the federal government felt the the big telcos were not as risky as smaller business entities .
look at our cell phone bills and service now compared to other western countries ; higher costs and lower service .
good luck gov of canada with your marijuana morals in the hands of big business .
death is gazing at the stars 

 no 
 void 

 only 
 presence
disgusting and these the type of bitches you nigga bust big nuts in and impregnate
i am even more concerned about mexican teenage tramps whose birth canals are like bazookas launching anchor beaners onto the lanscape of the united states
@wesstreeting @hayteratlords @jeremycorbyn there are jewish staff in corbyns office .
you know this .
is it acceptable to make suggestions any jewish people are nazis .
you are out of your depth as per usual
they all need to be kicked , taken out of our country .
obama brought them all in illegally .
send the trash back to there own country
why did the mexican throw his sister of a cliff ?
tequila
gallagher killed a brown person so who cares , he 's a hero /s
fuck < user > it seriously so lame here my guns pics and my bbq grill said the maga hat wearing redneck via fb post who gives a shit about facebook anymore
another reason it might say so in the census is because whites like me refused to fill out the census , to deliberately help skew it towards whinorities .
emma gonzalez is not just a skinhead lesbian she a wetback too
< user > < user > if saying nigger to someone makes them respond violently that person has no place in society violent animals belong in cages when is the last time you heard kike or faggot or any other slur as the basis for violence words are just words sticks and stones etc
deposit some nut in her    # tgirl # ts # tranny # anal # cum # creampie # cumshot   # trannies # shemale # tgirls # ladyboy # trans500 # shemales   # bigbooty # fatass url
why ca n't mexicans play uno ?
because they steal all the green cards
+ jdi dd you sure do , its called illegally crossing the us border & getting as many freebies as you can off of us taxpayers ... then you have the drug cartels of course & human trafficking .. if mexico was so great you all would n't be trying to crash into our country .
here 's an idea , how about cleaning up your disease infested shit hole country , you"re a bunch of beggers & criminals .
anyone that denigrates the country especially what happened on 911 can just go fuck themselves .
omar is a worthless piece of shit that should stay in the country so her worthless ass can be voted out and then deep dive into her lying ass on how she got into this country and married her brother to do so .
then lock this worthless piece of shit up .
@fritz kobe foaking philippine cowards without balls , only could moaning like your foaking ho mom when being foaked by my juicy c ock , coward .
why protect anchorages most historic structure when you can celebrate and enjoy classic anchorage architecture at your local walmart or fred meyer ?
the heart attack mv has more respectful lesbian representation than half of the most popular lesbian films
on vacation in the pool drinking a beer .
cut up guy joined me with the same swim shorts i had on .
felt like i was in a before / after shot .
the law says drivers wo n't be held accountable if idiots stand in the middle of the roadway and get hit , which is a far cry from legalizing murder , john .
given the new cheap tactic of blocking major roadways in cities across the us as a form of holding businesses and uninvolved citizens hostage , i hope more states pass this law frankly .
protest from the side of the road and let people who have nothing to do with your issues get on with their lives .
as for the rest of your comment , good to know your blatant racism excludes hispanics .
that 's something i guess .
rt @sadfui : if ya girl suck on your fingers when y all fucking then wife that demon
1,400 to get my wisdom removed got me fucked up & # 128581;&#127998;&#128581;&#127998 ;
if one considers those laws unjust and therefore somehow ignorable it makes sense they truly believe that inside every spic there an american trying to get out
@conway79 illhan omar was 👈 🏼 loves al qaeda hates the usa , her and cow farts cortez are both anti semitic bit like your labour party .
" ... budget will include a host of measures specifically aimed at improving the lives of women , including a plan to fund new child - care spaces " 

 as a woman , i 'm offended that child care concerns are still considered a " woman 's issue " .
asian nigga at the beginning a straight bitch boi lookin ass
thanks for your comments , henry .
i completely agree that the trend is toward cheaper solar prices .
that 's why the article pretty clearly states that heco has some recent contracts for solar at 11 cents per kwh .
and , yes , i 'll try to figure out the rates for solar plus storage .
screw off , you worthless degenerate fuck .
so i just want to make a thread about this .
i just feel it 's necessary to be a voice and speak up for the # lgbtq community .
i live in a small ass town in rhode island with people who have small ass minds .
our local library was hosting a drag queen story time .
this time it does not you add nothing to white lands now that we hire skin tone over skill in our health care industry death by doctor is the leading cause of death thanks shit skins you are a disgusting race of people and have no place around whites none at all
it 's not about gender it 's about who is more popular during men world cup nearly 4 billion people watched and during the women 's world cup only 125 million watched
thirsty neckbeards got mad at her for not doing porn , so mass - flagged her account to get it automated removed .
me : : ( almost in tears ) i 've been catcalled , whistled at , and harassed 4 or 5 times today !
boyfriend : : well in hispanic culture it 's more acceptable to whistle at women .
me : : what does that have to do with anything ?
boyfriend : : well they might not have thought they were being rude .
me : : none of them were hispanic .
made me feel like the fact that i was feeling hurt and threatened was unimportant .
did you hear about madden 19 ?
he should have used the shotgun formation .
@lvckyleftyy _ i be wanting to smack one of these niggas .
excuse me there are mexicans with messed up cuban flags protesting .
come deport the fuckers .
i can ’ t believe how many white people are in the business of using mlk as the model protestor when he was murdered by a white supremacist
well he had these fancy rune tattoos , was wearing a shirt from a band called " rahowa " ( which i 've recently discovered stands for " racial holy war " ) a shaved bald head and he called my girlfriend a " chink " which led to me kicking his ass .
i mean , maybe it 's a bit of a shot in the dark , but i punched that guy quite a few times and i 'm fairly certain he was a nazi .
deport that million and come back and deport two more millions and etc etc ......
who has n't done that ?
not going to metallica concerts , but losing their car .
those car key tags that make the horn honk are the best invention since the cup holder .
try to forget about the liberals for a moment , and ask yourself how many balanced budgets the harper tories delivered .
last one sums up women .
they get guys to do all their shit and then have a sap that pays the bills .
they are all like this .
fuck you if you think you 've got one that is n't , you 'll wake up too late .
your list is a bit ridiculous - 
 russia did hack the dnc - both the fbi & the cia say so .
the cia says it was done to help trump win the election , the fbi wo n't go that far .
the globe has never said all white people are racists , just that some are .
there 's racists in every ethnic group .
did the globe really say for certain that iraq had wmd 's ?
pizzagate is definitely fake .
do you really believe that nonsense ? ? ? ?
the white helmets are doing good work .
trump definitely called mexicans rapists .
the globe said stupidly that the cons should be elected but their leader should resign .
they did n't say you could elect the party without their leader becoming pm .
your points range from ridiculous to manipulative but are mostly stupid .
my family so fucking ghetto n slow i got ta dumb down what i be trying to say so they can understand 😂 😂 😂 i love them
go back to your cave of taquitos and mt .
dew , neck beard , this is last response you ll get out of me .
enjoy knowing the only pleasure you draw in life is from pretending this kind of behavior gives you any power , i m sure your mother is proud in hell . ;)
all white people are pedophile enablers becuase white men lead the world in pedophiliia .
from the church to the classroom .
americans so naïve .
these 4 stupid idiots have infiltrated our congress and are out to spread their radical , socialist , communist , anti jews policies .
omar is a terrorist sympathizer and god forbids will one day hurt americans again .
aoc wants dhs and ice out , how american can that be .. you want your fellow americans to be out of job in favor of these law breaking illegals .
i like every mexican i 've ever met .. i can not say that of any of the russians i have ever met .. lets try deporting all the russians .. they are the un neccessary imports ... leave the mexicans alone ..
" a backhanded compliment is a veiled insult . "
thank you for the petty nitpicking when it is clear you understood the message .
" your adding the word transparency does n't make it relevant " 
 who died and made you boss on what is and is not relevant in another person 's opinions about the government ?
" they are not welcome to misrepresent the executive branch . "
do you have any examples of a department " mirspresenting " the executive branch ?
it seems your concept of " american " might also include presumed guilty until proven innocent .
does the potential that they might misrepresent something mean my concerns about the government becoming less transparent is not as valid or justified ?
well here we have it a white european team against a latin american team .
we have done so well so far .
that a white team has come this far is being considered as incredible by some .
but since the next games are in germany2006 would n't it be wonderful if a northern european team won this ! ! !
already i have read about german superiority rascist remarks .
pamela leighas pallessen - scherehart
cnn promotes white guilt because it 's ran by jews so do n't fall for it guys 😎 whites are right , jews are screws .
who want nothing more than to rule over the mixed disgusting mut race they are attempting to create by promoting race mixing and mass immigration to white countries .
i rather take 5 freaking history classes then fucking math bro
what these femanazis fail to realize is that president trump has hired and cut paychecks to more women blacks latinos gays lesbians transgenders and muslims than all previous presidents combined .
certainly the " strawman " post of the day .
i 've been staying hotels while on military orders and now i have to guard weapons , sleep and shit in the woods with one other guy till sunday
they need to be put out of america and sent back to there own bloody country .
they call there self the squad .
they need to be put out in front of a firing squad .
what does the constitution say about immigrants and illegal immigrants amendment < number > section < number > – all persons born or naturalized in the united states and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they reside
that burrito place is good , but i do n't eat in because more than 5 minutes in that place & you smell like a mexican .
so , you like neo - nazis , huh ?
what do you get when a muslim and a mexican have a baby ?
a child too lazy to blow himself up .
why are there no mexican architects ?
they ca n't support anything .
not according to the three ( 3 ) supreme court decisions on the subject ....
prepare for the " precious bodily fluids " rampage from the koch brothers brother from another mother .
" we 'll meet again , do n't know where , do n't know when , but i know we 'll meet again , some sunny day ... "
trump is the best ! !
thankyou for your work trump you are doin the right thing deporting all these dirty animals back to there countries !
they do n't deserve to live in america remember people it 's a privilege to live here ! !
🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸 🇺 🇸
# diversity fail for the start of the week in canada 

 terror attack in canada : isis loser stabs cop , ploughs through crowd
.@blackopal80 then what really opened my eyes .
an article on financial abortion .
even , after reading , i still opposed .
responsibility , etc .
what do you call four mexicans that ca n’t swim ?
quatro cinco
of course , anyone who thinks that the laws of the country should be properly enforced can only be described as a racist .
you and thinking like this is a big part of why trump won the election .
if that 's all you have to add , you should work for the dnc .
where it not for the hippies great lie of equality , racial pride of any sort would have never come into being .
well i m glad to hear there are more youth in our world and lets all hope those mudds and niggs go to h - e - l - l
the worst and strange thing about this is gossip and calumny are sins , and there are more , but many are for the first time ever calling for moore to step aside when they have never called anyone else out , not even bill clinton , and have been silent on hollyrape .
@sadfalafel go back to where you came from then immigrant 😡 😡 😡 😡
the findings based upon the responses to the big q is irrelevant and inconsequential !
it serves no purpose other than to get a " feel " of the public 's stance to the purveyors behind the question .
here - feel this opinion ..... !
< user > in < number > yrs compassion to muslims has never worked the ungrateful refugees and terrorist prove it still has not changed but it would not be islam if it did
immigrants do the jobs no one wants to do .
like marrying donald trump .
and being a suicide bomber .
man said dark skins should be raped and we should accept his apology because he apologised before brudda u should be kweffed
these sub humans are out of control hey civic nationalists you think you will have our constitution when we are a minority it already dead with these nip kike nigger spic etc judges
< user > < user > rascism is not just for blacks browns muslims asians people who hate white people are rascist
what was the last thing diego 's mother said to him before getting shot by the border patrol go diego go
also the conflation of immigrants with minorities is misguided it something the right does that the left should avoid
hell shutting down our borders is too late in trying to keep out terrorists crap we have 5 in the house of reps that s causing more kaos than if we had them running amouck down our streets and crap if me or my family was in prez trumps seat that mex flag raised over a u s fed building there would 've been some toe tags dished out that day that is total disrespect to our country that 's showing a foreign take over by another country that 's not showing or asking for asylum here sorry if this offends any cry babys out there too damm bad
# draftbernie ppl mite wanna wake up and realize that bernie is still the same dude who endorsed the person who stole the d primary same dude
wetback dick x < number >
ok jews there are no gay blacks old enough to have white hair
i would prefer that members of the armed forces visit the white house rather than sports teams .
they are truly champions , not these snowflakes .
my bitch go loko
i currently live in wisconsin and have been trying to educate myself on the ple concept .
which filth do u mean the niggers jews spics chinks street shitting dotheads rag head camel fuckers gooks flips kikes slants or fags u can not swing a dead niglet these days without hitting some filth 😡
please do not hurt those fine masons first they have to hand over the maps on the locations of the cupped oil wells .
< user > not stanning the boyz is an act of violent islamophobia btw
news flash : cops target blacks and latinos for drug arrests at far higher rates than whites !
omg ,   who knew ?
eh i like asian women honestly i have had better luck with asians than whites besides is not it true asian iqs are generally higher than whites
+ duck sauce that 's not what statistics show .
your racism and gary o 's politicizing this are a big part of the problem .
though he used crass expressions , bill kincaid is correct .
a great many shooters are angry white men , who are emboldened by the current occupant of the white house .
being able to put someone else 's happiness before yours ... that speaks loudly .
that 's love ; in the most pure , beautiful and painful way ...
build the wall , and put these spics in prison with the nogs .
add another to the minority . ;-)
i 'd say yes , cd people can be under the transgender umbrella .
i say that as people can struggle with their gender and just because we 're not ' dressed up ' , it did n't mean the feelings around gender - and how it does n't quite feel right - go away .
i 'd rather have an umbrella term - like trans ( or transgender ) - that can include all of us .
i think there are so many outside the community who want to push us back into the shadows or drive us apart .
so you 're saying high black and latino unemployment rates are because they 're all a bunch of unemployable criminals ?
and here i thought they were just americans displaced in favor of cheaper , more exploitable labor .
@thehill the first pro - gay president .
can this teacher sound even more ghetto and dumb then she is
i am in orlando , and i am also searching for people who are proud of their heritage .
email if you are intrested in talking
< user > < user > i hate you so much i m choking over here 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
at dss this shit really ghetto asf i m uncomfortable 😣
it called being a fuckin genius when i argue with a jew and people watch i become a jew too to undermine jewry and expose jq just like many jews become white to undermine white survival
where were there ceo 's the last 8 + years when militant blacks , hispanic / latinos , muslims , homosexuals and illegals were rioting in our streets threading whites and our children with death simply for being white ?
not a peep from corporate america , the leftist so called , " mainstream media , nor the regressive socialist democrats !
obama and his corrupt crew were doing everything in their power including hiding their instigation of violence and hate and no one called them out on it .
all these actions by reservists is simply revealing to america their globalist mind think .
why is cocaine white ?
because it actually works .
the double standard between the men and women is something i 've also picked up .
could you imagine if a guy bragged about banging a girl he did nt pick four times ..... smdh
please help support nonbinary pride , add a # twibbon now !
url
and you know how many possible terrorist incidents were stopped before they happened , do you ?
did you work for the security services in gov't ?
the fact that islam is being usurped to brainwash adherents to commit terrorist acts is cause for all of us to be cautious .
i really really wish i could donate but my grandparents are homophobic so i 'm not allowed to but sorry:/ ♥ ️ ♥ ️
@gopchairwoman @realdonaldtrump 18 - 30 million illegals in this country ... congress & previous administrations have been letting americans down for decades !
hit that like button if you think being a lesbian is kinda hot
" " " the ingredients of health and long life , are great temperance , open air , easy labor , and little care . " "
sir philip sidney "
bro eat my penis
this faggot knows how to suck cock! ... its throat is like a vacuum for this alpha 's huge 9x6.5 cock .
can you faggot say the same ? !
url
to scare all the guys that would wanna fuck me .
also i feel like having a dick is way better than a pussy ngl
traffic in atlanta will be fucked up .. so book your rooms downtown so i can come see you&#128521;&#128521;&#128521 ;
i ca n't think about rikers w / out thinking about kalief browder , and it crushes me every time . …
https://t.co/5g0bx9qmfe
molleda is a gay latino man .
agree .
i would n't be surprised if the average canadian has a picture of jt on their mantle , next to ( if not in front of ) their family pictures .
diligently dusting it every day and making sure it 's arranged just right .
the only faint hope for is a split vote on the left .
" the facts are most of the consumption of deep fried food occurs in black and hispanic neighborhoods . "
where 's your evidence harvey ?
are jews stingier ?
blonds dumber ?
mexicans violent rapists ?
i have a phd harvey but that 's no guarantee of anything .
most of the time common sense is sufficient .
when 's the last time you went to a minority neighborhood to " observe the shape " of the inhabitants ?
common sense says never .
you do n't need a phd to look up " stereotype " harvey .
would be nice to have a highly skilled president .
but in reality he does n't want black and brown immigrants coming to the us at all remember he wants more coming from norway .
mexico will crack down on their southern border and deport these people .
they have no choice
" working for america " , say what ?
when was the last time you had your vision checked along with your hearing ?
your looking through trump colored glasses and listening to trump fake news stations , owned by trump .
i am interested in learning what benefit and/or reason washington or any other state would have in agreeing to have alaska join their risk pool .
to include alaska in their risk pool , their average costs would definitely increase and i do n't know why they would even consider that idea .
imbecilic rantings and ravings of raul grijalva of arizona ( a staunch sanders - socialist supporter ) cares not for the citizens of this state , but rather for maintaining his position within state government .
a few of his gems of brilliancy :  
 determined the border - wall would prohibit the migration of birds ... yes , birds ... who fly over walls ; 
 proclaimed a boycott against tucson az ( his beloved city ) , during the state 's sb 1070 immigration bill , with the following details :   " we 're asking organizations , civic , religious , labor , latino , organizations of color to refrain from using arizona as a convention site , to refrain from spending their dollars in the state of arizona ... " - further elaborating to keep - out superbowls , concerts and all events beneficial to tucson ; 
 rounding out his stupidity - called for the boycott of " arizona ice tea " - which btw is based in newyork - not arizona - in protest to immigration policies .
simplified :   grijalva is a lunatic in a powerful local govt seat .
these are the guys protecting violent criminals and rapists like ms-13   from being deported just because they are latinos too , get fuck out of here
.@coupons just released their top 10 most frugal cities list & amp ; raleigh makes the list at # 4 !
washington dc was # 1 ! -
@judpulsefm
haha i should do chemistry like i cook like i literally just got an idea ! !
what happens if you combine bleach and ammonia ?
:d
the legacy of dr. william pierce i know hadding and will williams and others are working hard on this project to bring articles written by dr. pierce from the printed page to being put online , for all to read .
i guess i get raped a lot
yes .
you do n’t understand .
whether you ’re privileged or not is practically irrelevant to beliefs that you clearly express .
does n’t require one to be privileged to internalize the corresponding myths .
many women unfortunately agree with your rediculously sexist assertions .
many of my fellow latinos think that mexicans are dirty , lazy criminals .
something tells me you have n’t a clue about what it means to be profiled - that ’s clear from your ignorant assertions posted regardless of your real or perceived relative status or identity
the usa has to make a turn .
you need competence in congress , not colored vaginas .
stop this stupid tolerance .
a person who 's obviously stupid has no place in the government .
unions drive up the cost of everything , no matter where they form .
and oddly enough , they all are run by fat cat union bosses who drive nice new vehicles and live in mansions - your union dues at work , keeping the rich , rich and keeping the working man poor .
any possibility of moving away from the nea will be an improvement for america .
why was n't the field cleared hours before kickoff ?
stupid cunt , why waiste a load on your worthless skin ? ! ?
if you read any of j jonah jameson ’ rants and replace “ spider man ” with “ immigrants ” that ’ pretty much our current president ’ rhetoric
feminization 99 % complete   # tgirl # nurse # cosplay # tranny # feminization # mtf url
nah , i wo n't need one .
her future sex life is none of my business .
my business is making sure she has the information to make educated , informed decisions ( including about safe sex ) and understands that nobody is allowed to touch her without her consent , and she 's not allowed to touch anybody without their consent , and teenagers can not legally give consent to adults .
with those bases covered , it 's up to her .
nun or pornstar .
gay , straight , bisexual , pansexual .
the whole football team , the whole hockey team or both or nobody ever .
it 's her call , whatever makes her happy .
but what her dad will do , is be there to pick up the pieces when her heart gets broken and help her if she makes a mistake .
that 's it .
i do n't believe anybody should control her body but her , not even me , not even as a teenager .
i make no a rules for her i wo n't follow myself .
no parental hypocrisy .
and i am not giving up sex !
hey ivo , yeah , we lefty , equal - rights types sure are authoritarian as parents , eh ?
best bad bitch
he is correct though only because such folk are more intelligent than dark skinned persons but can whites claim to be discriminated against by the orientals and other asians who are better at mathematics than us
appreciate allah 's love and mercy .
now put this worthless immigrant trash to death .
@andholl77 @nightowlsne new evidence - based ripper theory / book written by top criminologists drs baden , lee & amp ; wecht : … https://t.co/fxd0ioxium
let 's deport ann widdecombe for balances sake then .
senator , with this you become part of the probkem , not part of the solution .
if you follow through , you loose my respect and my vote and my support .
did you actually read the article before posting ?
i 've never had a religious friend or family in my life , interestingly enough , i wonder how it would be if someone here wanted to come out as religious .
legal in california killing white women illegal in california drinking raw milk buildkateswall
they / we were n't duped .
trump voters still support him by overwhelming margins .
we do n't need lectures from cosmopolitan liberal elites masquerading as the working class to tell us who has our best interests at heart .
imran khan in hot water for ' insult ' to king salman bin abdulaziz of saudi arabia , here 's what happened url
this chick in front of me is rlly squeezing bbq sauce onto crisps .
in the library .
from a bottle . & #
128566;&#128566;&#128566;&#128566;&#128566 ;
the oil field in the lower 48 is already recovering   - why do you think it will not in alaska ?
@frostedsoul @cmrlofficial @chennaipolice _ pls refer to page 3 times of india .
since they have applied for us green card , they have mentioned as us woman .
being trans in sweden is ok but we have to deal with so much bureaucracy when we turn to the trans specific healthcare .
there 's a lot of waiting involved .
i reached out to a gender therapist in mid 2016 and waited two years for hormones and 2,5 - 3 years for top surgery and legal gender reassignment .
that sucks when you just need help to live your life as yourself .
pr29:24a thief 's partner is his own worst enemy .
he will be punished if he tells the truth in court , and god will curse him if he does n't
ken 's up to his repulsive trixies again ... could it be burke himself ?
he 's certainly got a lot of time on his hands now that francis is using another bishop as his intermediary with the kom !
another huge seagull rant .
y'all females so stupid , y' all rather fuck with the plug and catch a felony , record , and get y' all kids taking from y' all .
all behind a dumb ass nigga who ca n't even get a job at mcdonald 's sis ?
😂 dumbasses
food stamps are n't only for mexicans .
< user > single religion in the floor of allah is islam search
no most white men do not rape < number > year old women that department is saved for your compadre beaners and young black males
we have two choices this election : 
 the law and order candidate .
or 
 the black lives matter candidate .
pick one
ee : indeed , " racism " is not a crime ... it is not illegal .
when it becomes manifested in actions which discriminate   or cause others to fear for their personal safety , it may , indeed , " become " a crime .
we saw millions of racists come " out from the shadows " when president obama was elected .
suddenly , it because " fashionable " to post racist comments on the internet ... entire websites were created just for such posts .... indeed , it is protected " free speech . "
disgusting , deplorable , dispicable perhaps , but certainly protected free speech .
sure , it 's legal for folks to wear ' blackface " and mock africanamericans .
sure , it 's legal for kids to tell latino kids " hey , get ready to be deported" ... "hey , pack your bag . "
indeed , with the election of donald trump and with the racist and xenophobic comments he made during his campaign , we will now see increased " license " to emulate those comments .
racism is " alive and well " in america today .
i find that very , very sad ...... gary crum
compliments from women are more appreciated by me than a man compliment bitches be mean so if she says you cute you cute hun
i came a long way mentally , physically and emotionally ; i be damn if some fuckers try to take that from me ✌ ️️
would the response be as positive if it was a male poster ?
the authors and their advocacy groups are not canadian .
they are based out of the u.s. look them up .
yet they are advocating for funding from canadian taxpayers .
i think you 're a raging colorist misogynoir trash .
this is pure proof why light skins are no different than white women .
y'all really hate dark skin girls .
url
the key item in this proposal is cutting taxes for wealthy donors whose greed is limitless and moral depravity bottomless .
what does a smart mexican share with a unicorn ?
they 're both fictional .
they have high - end tenants worth billions of dollars and got rid of most of the down - to - earth local stores .
they make hundreds of millions off the high rise development on or about the shopping center .
it should n't take the state to force them to maintain this cash cow .
it should be the best maintained private facility on the island .
the manager is probably sitting on his hands ogling the tourists .
people are so racist to asians it ’ normalized i literally hate y all
have to agree with most of the comments here , i am a white male and i am primarily attracted to white females .
however , i have been attracted to women of all races at some point .
one of my fond memories of being with a women is with a girl from a different race !
why are vacations a favourite target for cutting costs ?
you 'll have vacation memories long after you have forgotten about your cars , gadgets , clothes , and restaurant meals .
you want to believe this .
the polls do not bear you out .
you are also demonstrating the correctness of my definition of " judicial activism " as " a court issued a decision i do n't like " .
< user > crimson peak voting for anything else would be homophobic
i am a dyke i am a whore i am me ❤ ️
< user > the holocaust happened alright it was during the holocaust when ole george soros sold his soul to lucifer
and the " higher percentage " of blacks and latinos happened because the vote was way down .
trump received less raw minority votes than romney did .
< user > he counting all the illegal immigrants who voted illegally plus all the uncounted visitors at trump inauguration
fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
john are you saying that only latinos are illegal aliens ?
yeah i do n't wish bad things to happen to anyone , but why could n't those people see this coming ?
https://t.co/g9o5hyrdhl
who do mexicans call when someone breaks into their house ?
< number > juan juan !
the gay neega has too many tats
i m not sure of a site but those stats are from ` ` the color of crime '' book .
am i the only person on the planet that thinks ed sheerans galway gal is a shite song seriously its a bad copy of the real galway gal
that 's how i think of the world in which we live .
not , " i recently spoke at a music and literature festival that was so painfully white ... " so painfully asian , east indian , black , hispanic ....   her mind is very lopsided .....
the isis flag says all jews < number > and rabbis in israel believe that god created isis using angels to punish the nations that deserve to be punished these are isis flags in dearborn michigan usa you do the math
again missing the point .
how does that invalidate the starfish prime and project k experiments ?
what they did and what they saw are on record .
there is a differance between waiting for you love and ignore the rest and waiting while you have fun with others .
trump pig latin .
oink , oink , oink , grab em by the poo say
jerry69 , unfortunately , racism in america is still alive .
the racists are supporting the politician who called mexicans " criminals , drug dealers , and rapists , " who said that a judge was biased because " he 's a mexican , " who said that arabs " were cheering when the world trade center came down , who was sued by the justice department for discrimination against african - americans in renting apartments , who confirmed that the travel ban is a ban on muslims , and who refused to condemn white supremacists who were campaigning for him ,   trump took advantage of racial animus , and it propelled him to win the election .
https://www.thenation.com/article/economic-anxiety-didnt-make-people-vote-trump-racism-did/
you meant " god hiding in plain sight ? "
we should build a double wall and fill the space with hungry lions ! ! ! !
anyone who enters , will be lion food ! ! ! ! !
it 's a cheap , cost effective way to keep these latino maggots out ! ! ! !
good morning to everyone except politicians who favor the welfare of illegal immigrants over that of the american citizens they have sworn to protect maga
a jew , a mexican and a black guy walk into the bar .
< repeat > the bartender pulls out his gun and says " get the fuck outta here "
it 's fun to be hectored about clickbait culture by the likes of the g&m , who seems to publish more " opinion " pieces than real journalism .
i like niggas that went to college .. and had good grades in high school ... some niggas do n't know how to read .. them type niggas are burn out
funny but true , while working as a maintenance man at a particular place , i would see applications turned in by mexicans i knew had to be illegals because on the application where it would say education they would put mexico .... smh
so here 's where all that missing bank stimulus money went !
@phreshagu_25 yeah you right and you know them mexicans bringing all they family that hoe finna be packed
why was this heard in a state court outside alaska ( king county superior court ? )
nope , just you .
please give examples of the " incorrect rheteric " being spewed by blm .
there are now so many proven examples of white cops " gunning down innocent blacks " that you can not simply make a statement like this and expect to be believed by anyone except racists .
and the focus of blm is on the far greater number of black people killed by police than any other race .
you 're blaming the victims here .
i would hope that blm would inspire a similar movement among latinos .
but it is up to them to speak up for their own people .
america needs more mass shootings .
that whole country should burn to the ground .
neither bill c-16 , the charter of rights and freedoms , nor any other law in canada forces you to recognize someone 's identity .
our laws only exist to prevent you from unlawfully discriminating against someone on the basis of their identity .
if you want to harbour ill - will towards people based on their race , ethnicity , nationality , age , gender or disability , there 's no law that says you ca n't .
but there are laws that prevent you from discriminating against people on those grounds , in certain situations .
like in the workplace .
it 's true that the charter 's rights and freedoms are only binding on the federal government per se .
nevertheless , the charter 's provisions oblige the federal government to pass laws which extend those rights and freedoms into certain areas .
the charter right to freedom from discrimination has little value if everyone but the federal government can violate it , whenever and wherever they like .
i hate these people with a passion hey .
they 're worse than homophobes
the restaurant owner insists that it is n't a british restaurant .
the protesters have suggested she rebrand as such multiple times , but she resists .
@concretemilk deport these neanderthals back to their shitholes .
no kidding ! ! !
temp:14.0 ° c wind:3.1 mph n light air .
pressure:1007.6 hpa falling autoforecast : fairly fine , showery later
why ca n't mexicans play uno ?
because they steal all the green cards
they 've actually done a lot to follow the plan so maybe you should look into it .
my statements are not false and unfounded , they 're factual .
mandating green roofs is the wrong approach .
roll tide , bitches
also ervin is pointed out as black n the story .
why did nt they point out that he is also native american or jewish ?
do native americans not deserve their race to b spotlighted ? !
the guy looks hispanic to me !
let others decide the race not that it matters .
if the   newspaper wants to make this event about race then they should include all the races and cultures !
its all so stupid .
this journalist deserves the gold medal stupid award !
@shut the muck up get rekt incel
very short nose for a hispanic whilst arabs also have long noses moroccans and north africans tend not to he could be from the middle east but it would be an outrageous construction for the cops
britain is faced with a tough choice on account of making all extreme pornography illegal .
either make interracial porno illegal or accept that all other forms of bestiality are legal .
popeyes on kedzie is the fucking worse , i hate they ass
thanks for a sensible perspective , eben .
too bad so many other seniors are being bamboozled by this psycho creep .
i 'm counting on the women and latinos / as to save us .
-- paul
if nigerians are from nigeria , what are people from niger called ?
sorey auto mod , nigers is n't the answer , it 's nigeriens .
i promise to empty my balls so deep in your fat pussy
< user > trump erroneously presented the total number of aliens in the country < number > million as the number of illegal aliens in this country
< user > < user > but remainers love fake news meanwhile in the real world everyone canyon your nazis in action
thank goodness for donald j. trump 

 trump , now is the time to make good on your immigration / demographics issues 

 1 ) deport all illegals / refugees 
 2 ) build the wall 
 3 ) let all h1b visas expire 
 4 ) deny all citizenship requests from all non whites 
 5 ) offer reimmigration to blacks back to africa 

 # mawa
bringing an overt political statement into court is not whimsey .
< user > so islamaphobia bad anti semitic just fine no both are bad
" and concern over the possibility of renewed sanctions by the u.s. against iraq " : i suppose g&m meant iran ...
rossriver31 oi jews ai n't blowing no one up u nazi basterd racism is a natural erg it ai n't that big of a problem
this mexican bitch almost just hit me with her car and she sped over the speed bump just so she could do it omfg
suck his dick already bitch lmao
hey i can say racial slurs on here nigger kike spic wop coon heeb sandnigger jew faggot homo your mom
< user > single religion in the floor of allah is islam search
so my advice to madridistas is enjoy any titles we win this season because we are in for a very trouble filled summer and next season .
< user > < user > war is hell wake up you muslim moron
it ’ honestly so cute that some non muslim countries are allowing the call to prayer in ramadan
what does society and a banana have in common 


 the less brown , the better
are white people allowed to have their own countries should asians be able to move to any white nation they like and open pho shops and nail salons
actually , many folks know nothing about the bible .
so , is it any wonder many people have become so one - track minded and judgemental about absolutely everything ?
never any greys ... just blacks and whites will be the undoing of civilization .
total weight : 30lbs .
fuck that heavy shit .
niggas got me fucked upppp , oooooooooooo nigga got me fucked upppppppp , not today .
not the one
why was n't jesus born in mexico ?
he could n't find < number > wise men and a virgin
i currently live in wisconsin and have been trying to educate myself on the ple concept .
old dude just opened the sauna door stared in here for < number > seconds and walked away close the door faggot
girls are great , and being one would also probably be great .
unfortunately i have no actual dysphoria .
any person who makes false accusations of sexual assault or rape should be charged with libel , slander , character assassination and or perjury .
the gender of a person who fabricates stories about somebody    is irrelevant to the harm done to an innocent person .
post about domesticated violence against men on r / the_donald - just reached r / all
new temple coming in pocatello , id , my home town .
how blessed we are for temples in the earth ! #
ldsconf
actually i wrote this before motley corrected himself ..... it posted later .
i apologize to those who found my posting it offensive .
i was reacting to motley 's " incorrect correction " of the grammar in the article .
some posters , motley included , have a penchant for making rather petty criticisms of reporters ' writings .
when those unnecessary criticisms are incorrect , i do often comment on them .
it is a bit pedantic , i admit .
i do n't claim to be perfect , and ,   like all folks , i often find plesure in my imperfections .
best regards to you , xavier     gary crum
lmao what a shitty roast .
is that all you could find ?
at least i 'm not a sterotypical morbidly obese american lesbian trying to prove herself to internet strangers by showing off cigars and whiskey constantly .
i 'd rather be depressed .
yeah sure he will , 

 moon can come back after that meeting with lil kim with a piece of paper in his hand like neville chamberlain in 38 and declare " peace for our time " .
how did that turn out ?
if you are reading this , i will never ask you to prove your gender or sexuality to me .
you are valid regardless of the myriad gatekeepers out there , especially the ones within our very own lgbtqia+ communities .
be you .
what is it called when an illegal immigrant fights a pedofile ?
alien vs predator .
prior to 1979 there are pictures of young women at universities in iran that are barely indistinguishable from pictures taken at any north american campuses .
then came the iranian revolution of 1979 and the rejection of all things western and a particularly hard clampdown on what women wore .
this is the advent of the widespread use of face covering .
it was political and not religious .
the continued insistence that is religious and is an affront to religious freedom is simply wrong .
at least the spic did us a favor by getting dead it costs a lot of money to house one offender just so the ab or whoever can ream him out before shanking him my best wishes to the female cop who absorbed his attack
* whispers * hey guys .
being free from abuse / harassment does n't have to be monetized .
it should be for everyone .
i can show you the way .
it is time .
america .
it is time for racist america to accept responsibility and be held accountable for creating a despicable racist monster as donald trump .
the key to trump ’s rise to power is america ’s pride of its slave days and the wanton killing of native americans of the american west .
what we see and experience today is part of that legacy .
there is no other explanation .
that legacy is here in anchorage with the wanton killings of native people   on our streets , run down like animals and left to die .
it is in our cities by rogue hate cops killing black and brown people at will .
donald trump , with all of his hate and bigotry , from his “ hate obama is not an american birther ” days to his kick all 11 - million hispanics out , is your creation .
i can only conclude that might include some of my hispanic family .
and the white media ?
they all smile and laugh about trump like high - school kids watching a school - yard bully .
@trumpwarroom let 's build a wall around this terrorist center and then carpet bomb them .
if this db is allowed to discriminate against gays what is next ?
" i do n't serve african americans or latinos because my religion says they are sinners "   where does it stop ?
" oh you have been divorced and now your remarrying ?
ca n't do it , bible says divorce is a sin " .
this guy is just a homophobe and probably a bigot and anti semite as well .
if you do n't want to serve half the populace then do n't go into business .
i 've heard that men with aids in africa think having sex with a virgin will cure them .
your site shows the hispanic women more poorly compensated than the blacks , the whites or the asians .
so they should be having the most abortions according to your ' suggestion ' .
muslims are responsible for the modern 0 - based math system , the world 's first hospitals , coffee , universities .
these are off the top of my head .
if you sincerely hold to your beliefs , stop using all of the above .
since i know you wo n't , go get an education instead you fuckwit .
and let us make something else clear twitter is not friendly for children and most of the women that i have ever met in my life that were raped or molested they would never go on twitter and say it
< user > wave migration is being cracked down on i doubt it ’ going to be too much diverse in the future only vetted immigrants
hey my commissions are open so get ready for a thread later on abt how to get stuff / how to pay me lolol
every brown woman worships and thirsts after white males to get status in white male society , the reason there are no brown couples is because you brown women all thirst for white boys all brown women worship white men because of the power they hold not because you 're " escaping abuse " .
do you know asian women are the only group that are more likely to be raped by white males than their own men in the states ?
brown women worship white males and project their white thirst onto brown men and act like we 're the problem .
< user > < user > how is the a nazi please explain just realised you are the same mongoloid that made a fake account of her as well strange behaviour no wonder you can not wrap your head around a democratic vote
owo time but its fuckin time for you to suck dick like you mean it .
no pussy shit , you better be deepthroatin .
so your theory is whites in america are retarded for allowing in so many diverse immigrants but africa is supposed to be cool with it makes a lot of sense i smell bullshit
" the winner will earn a minimum of $ 72 - million annually for the 22 years of the deal , as well as up to 70 per cent of gambling revenue , according to the olg . "
and , the olg says that it will increase its contribution to provincial revenues by $ 1 b on top of the above .
and when none of that actually happens , who will be held responsible for the sham perpetrated on the people of ontario ?
paul godfrey ?
hardly ; he 's busy running the national post into the ground .
the women who came out against weinstein filed lawsuits
hey , he could come with us next time we cruise to the bahamas and translate for the natives !
evwimena says < date > at < time > what thought process do you expect from a socialist snowflake dyke she has the support of the not sure if we are sitters or pointers restroom users when the o.b .
delivered this young person the doc told her mom she has a beautiful girl
do n't bring them out in public , then .
others should n't have to be burdened because some woman decided to breed .
well if you can come from the ghetto become a billionaire or come from another country e a muslim become president of the usa where the oppression
war is not violence and killing pure and simple war is controlled violence for a purpose robert heinlein
sitting in a crowd slowly shitting my pants and blaming the retard next to me
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > said the kneelers were sobs regardless of color were not there some white kneelers too omar district in minnesota majority muslim is the us number one district for isis recruits see where this is going called ms < number > animals not immigrants ms < number > who butcher people
story time : stranger kong katabi ko sobrang cute so what the heck , i decided to tell her after the concert she ...
anyway princess sapphire of silverland is a dyke and threw the first brick at stonewall
mein trumpf 
 vol .
one : a reckoning 
 1 .
the hispanic peril 
 2 .
the arab peril 
 3 .
the black peril 
 4 .
the female peril ...
begone racists anti semites and homophobes we white people want more inclusion and wonderful black and brown people in our countries
if they get in and free the alien slaves do we have to pay for their house , health care , free money , food , writing paper , cars and bubble gum ?
ship em over to california they can handle it .
< number > beaners promising to beat a nigress
@bennicrick @igotafatty95 @funnybrawls _ @javiextrasquare real niggas know lmao
if white nationalist want to rally they should have all rights to feel safe and be protected by police same goes for blm antifa gays everyone unless its reason to believe its for violence
sounds dumb .
way prefer the latinos , any time .
the zio jews are carriers of the biggest inferiority complex globally ... they have to keep repeating their two mantras ... the shoah and the supremacy ... to raise themselves from their obvious innate inferiority !
url
this co ordinated attack on the white patriarchy is fundamental to replacing white men with women and minorities fewer whites males in power and in the media makes it easier for the power structure to behave inimically to the white population and dismantle america as we know knew it
shower , put on your best you .
go the fuck to a mall or somewhere where women are . [ ... ]
it 's just science .
it was mostly beaners and asians with the occasional nog
every brown woman worships and thirsts after white males to get status in white male society , the reason there are no brown couples is because you brown women all thirst for white boys all brown women worship white men because of the power they hold not because you 're " escaping abuse " .
do you know asian women are the only group that are more likely to be raped by white males than their own men in the states ?
brown women worship white males and project their white thirst onto brown men and act like we 're the problem .
what 's the similarity between an m1 and kung fu panda ?
they both go " ping " when pointing at fathers
< number > black people placed in world strongest man in < number > in fact the top < number > in every wsm event is strictly european white no hispanics or blacks or asians lol u mad
no worries real niggas will stay 💯 💯
now it 's my fucking friend , i hope he does n't spoiler me the serie , but everybody knows the end&#128514 ; .
rapping is fucking retarded do not know how i did it when i was younger
that moment when my wife wants to seduce my best friend she just have to adjust her saree by exposing her assets url
i find it funny that bill king cuck mitchell just called for a jew and a mestizo having a child to launch a new race of retarded leftists < laugh >
i see your bitterness , ed , rd , life of the lay .
this article is course written about a hard to deny academic study .
it shows that the roman church will either change the clerical system or more   mature and educated catholics will leave , because of   the failure to change a horrible clerical   leadership of authoritarianism .
perhaps you are right only the very few authoritarians will be left .
the rest of us will practice in " the way of christ , " and you can practice authoritarianism .
" asking & # 128102;&#127996 ; a few questions about his day and i get " " ohhhhh delana , delana , delana , you ask too many questions . " " & #
128580;&#128580;&#128580 ; "
black men prefer big banging ghetto blasters white men favour a more classy sleek silver surround sound systems scousers are fond of nicked car radios i just can not help stereo typing people
bill clinton - the divide of race url
let 's fix america by transforming it into mexico .
sounds good right ?
we need to get these anti american congress women out of congress and deport them to the country they really work for .
" beta ca n't reproduce " " top 4 quintiles attractive women will go for alphas , while betas stuck with ugly women " i did n't know women 's fertility to be based on their appearance .
best ham i ever ate was black bear smoked ham .
only if the money is used for the children ! "
fixies " should be exempt because ada .
this morning at < number > < number > i saw some spick lawn guys hit a dudes car in the parking lot waited for the owner to come outside because the spicks were trying to drive away it was extremely satisfying knowing they were gon na have to talk to the police about it
lesbian babes stretch their thorough assholes and scr42ekm url url
i really really wish i could donate but my grandparents are homophobic so i 'm not allowed to but sorry:/ ♥ ️ ♥ ️
< user > ackshully all arabs are white and islam is technically white imperialism
sanctuary city leaders in los angeles are gloating over a court win over trump on withholding funds to the illegal abetters the ruling was handed down by a < number > year old spic judge who has been on the bench for over < number > years since appointed by lbj in the mid 6 0 manuel real
i m literally not a zionist but dear lord how hard is it to just recognize that people just genuinely despise jews
haha i should do chemistry like i cook like i literally just got an idea ! !
what happens if you combine bleach and ammonia ?
:d
which is exactly what he said
stop sucking that fatass ' dick , you niggerloving kike
< user > < user > < user > why is it that women women get raped they are blamed blamed because of what they wear men get paid more then women men get away with rape and become president
just deport ocasio cortez wherever she came from ! ! !
i see her as " the " representative of illegal mexican immigrants is she making money getting paid by mexican government ? ? ?
fdr criticized -public employee unions- .
and " free to join " is antithetical to " closed shop , state - mandated collection of dues , " as is union involvement in politics with the goal of regulatory capture and union monopolization of government - funded projects .
but nice try .
what these " elder statesmen and woman " miss is that the republican party has always been about -individual freedom- , freedom from -government- force and protection of individuals against violence and aggression by others , not using the power of government to force individuals to hew to some sort of collective , transitory ,   trendy value signalling .
@shut the muck up get rekt incel
brp inc. ( doo - t ) following its dealer meeting and analyst event last week , where it reaffirmed its goal of $ 6 - billion in sales by fiscal 2012 .
2012 ?
@thankyou3403 elizabeth warren is nearly as old as bernie , and just as white .
< user > < user > we are one both black and white i want real government not the fucking trump
no i m a trans girl who does n't want my shoulders to broaden so i cna pass easier
hawaii invites refugees to their island and the volcanos said fuck no lmao
disgusting and these the type of bitches you nigga bust big nuts in and impregnate
abortion rates all that is happening is that newly arrived and growing populations of muslim and mestizo women are carrying more of their pregnancies to full term than the local population of mostly blacks has traditionally done so abortion is nt down they should all be aborted from our lands
bring it on .
i rarely purchase canadian cheese because it is just too darn expensive .
it is time to bust the the dairy and cheese marketing boards in this country .
lena dunham poses nude to encourage people to love themselves more .
hmm .... nothing like unhealthy amounts of disgusting belly fat to make one feel good about one 's self !
🙄 # liberallogic    url url
men would have duels now they have but sex eyy gg
a lot of citizens taking a bullet for the second amendment .
something has to change .
who will pay for the injuries and harm to these people ?
maybe the nra has a special fund for those injured fighting and dying for " their " cause .
we need a national bullet or gun tax to help these people and other people due to the great harm guns are doing to our innocent citizens who are just hanging out at concert or a street corner .
wanna play or own guns ?
pay up , a lot more .
you contribute to wetland conservation with a tax .
why not a " massacre prevention " tax at point of purchase .
tired   of this and its time for gun owners to fork out some compensation for the sacrifice of those in vegas made to protect the 2nd amendment .
< user > you ’ re correct soros was a nazi
i stay away from shady people or try to that 's why i stay in my own castle alone and keep to my self&#127969;&#128058 ;
hell yeah put a tariff on those chillie coking pepper bellies .
all hail trump boss of bosses 👍 down with islam 👇
remeber they come at you with a smile then ask you hate jews blacks the mexicans not the illegal ones just regulars then ask you repent for your sins repent is another fake christian do not fallow there a wako texas style christian lmfao funny gay nazis whitesupreamist fbi will be watching 😉 🤗 🤗 🤗 🤗
what ’s worse than sucking a dozen oysters out of your grandmother ’s cunt ?
putting in 12 and sucking out 13
i 'm not a fan of her politics , and likely never will be , but this whole thing has me rooting for her .
you go omar , show them all what really defines " america " ! (
diversity of people , beliefs , ideas and ways of life united by a love for liberty and democracy ) .
what you are effectively saying is that if you are not a high earner you are not entitled to affordable and effective healthcare .
personally i do n't understand why you ca n't take care of the health of workers and allow businesses to be successful .
not all of those first crimes are violent .
the us incarcerates more of its citizens than any other country in the world .
we are the world 's jailer .
prison rates in the us are the world 's highest , at 724 people per 100,000 .
the   " for profit "   prison industrial complex is one of the fastest growing industries in the usa .
it 's profitable to keep people in prison .
many are imprisoned for low level drug related crimes as a result of the nation 's war on drugs .
our drug laws are set up to discriminate : " federal law stipulates five years ’ imprisonment without possibility of parole for possession of 5 grams of crack or 3.5 ounces of heroin , and 10 years for possession of less than 2 ounces of rock - cocaine or crack .
a sentence of 5 years for cocaine powder requires possession of 500 grams – 100 times more than the quantity of rock cocaine for the same sentence .
most of those who use cocaine powder are white , middle - class or rich people , while mostly blacks and latinos use rock cocaine .
now you 're talking .. ! ! !
what happens when the haves need to go into the jobs marketplace and find work ... they have no skills .
they will be less than worthless .
they will be 100 % at the mercy of latinos and crafts people who can actually build things and make things ....
okay taco munching beaner
tan communism is misunderstood france is the only man from queer eye i trust now
nothing like a 10 k walk to clear the cobwebs & amp ; get my thoughts in order .
today is another day .
i 'm still moving forwards not backwards & # 128170;&#128170;&#129304;&#129304 ;
recognising jerusalem as israels capital and relocating the arabs to jordan is not pro israel it is fact and truth
i knew it since in the beggining i knew she was gay but imm happy for him
biological traitors that want to wallow in a ghetto
what does your mum and a producer have in common ?
they both give a good beat .
well they were big on suppporting minorities in general , but anything explicitly divided on racial lines would have caused a lot of upset i think .
there was a lot of concern about that kind of thing .
but maybe i 'm wrong .
now an award specifically for an esl student or a first - generation immigrant or something , that i could definitely see being celebrated there .
so even though i am thoroughly english but have a jewish mother i can not be white and jewish are you completely sausage
meximerica sprawling communities south of the border constructed and inhabited by immigrants who seek sanctuary from the squalor they fled and uncertainty of the subsequent legal quandary of their own making now only lost in an alien culture where most would rather not be if they are honest
< user > i am a brit if you are talking about florida looks like he was a muzzie despite the wetback name
a man is shot to death .
sohail is angry because he dead man ' was an idiot ' to ' go after ' cow smugglers .
tell me again how ' hindu - muslim ' bhai bhai and how hindus are " bigots " for pushing back url
i have a misogynistic / racist uncle ... ( not blood related ) who hit on me at two funerals .
i 'm so glad to hear about your not inviting the racist grandma .
+ ross ion coyle the swing at minorities is his entire point
god damn you fat ass losers are so easy .
you bore me fat ass .
see ya loser .
go fap to some anime
@anncoulter nasty ass lady .
your family were immigrants at one time too !
you act as though you 're somehow better than others .
it is interesting to note that all of the men in the video were dressed like those moussed distributed pamphlets that popped up a few weeks ago when the revolution was really getting into the swing .
& # 127932;kiss the moon goodbye but do n't close your eyes your eyes it 's the end of the night but the beginning of time for you and i&#127932 ;
when the blacks and hispanics vote en masse for hillary that is racism .
this next election is all about race .
whites have to vote for trump to balance the election .
so let 's not kid ourselves .
obama brought this on us .
too long to put in the title mexico does n't have any olympic mwdals because all the fastest runners , swimmers and jumpers are in america .
( mobile ) 
 ( no actual harm or offense intended )
i can relate 100 % to what you said .
not trans , happy being a girl , but it sounds convenient and fun to have a penis .
hello from gainesville , i lived in orlando for about 4 months good money bartending at the bbq bar , but too many rican sharps ... ugh 88/14 jj
could you even imagine how many crimes there are that these mexican invaders have covered up by the kike media i can not even begin to theoretically comprehend how bad it is
stfu up woman stop larping with your lame ass reposting account no one likes mexicans you are only slightly above a nigger and below a jew
says the troll who thinks that showing id to vote is beyond the capabilities of black people , hispanics and old people .
yes this red skin indian ojibwa tribe first nation is ok with it
" i'm fucking dting this radio station just bleeped " " sex by the fire at night " " from that 's what i like it bleeped out the word sex hhajdjjdhe "
get rid of them , filthy illegals .
fuck off cortez
uhhh any group of shitheads no matter nationality have done something similar
this chick in front of me is rlly squeezing bbq sauce onto crisps .
in the library .
from a bottle . & #
128566;&#128566;&#128566;&#128566;&#128566 ;
somewhere in gorilla position , vince is now cussing up a blue storm because shane just chucked the commentators ' scripts . #
wrestlemania # wwe
millennial response : " elvis castelo ? "
ok i 've been trying to figure out what this todokaras thing was but now i .. see i thought i was misreading some bnha pairing
< user > lmfao i ’ m a bitch now lmaoo i ’ m weak go off sis
some pretty good evidence summarized here from university of waterloo .
https://uwaterloo.ca/propel/news/world-no-tobacco-day   in my opinion , companies would n't be spending all this time and money on pack design etc if it were n't a viable way to convey a message .
bc she a yid
worst case he looking at a path to citizenship for the ones who are not violent felons and who meet the criteria that would entitle a legal immigrant to be here under a merit based system < number > < number >
i see no difference between trudeau 's fiscal mess and harper 's fiscal mess .
it 's the greed head plutocrats that specialize in mess making , not the place holders in ottawa .
that is when you take out your phone and take pictures of them .
ship them all out to sea , tell them to find another country to pillage !
here 's some research for ya mr. bauer .
surely you will be able to support president obama in light of the news that 255,000 jobs were created last month : 

 " under president obama , the american economy has now experienced 77 months of consecutive private sector job growth , but trump calls this “ a disaster . ” "
what do you get when you cross a mexican and a black person ?
someone who is too lazy to steal .
trump is right .. all immigrants who arrived after 1492 should go home ! !
@ilhanmn have you legally migrated to our country and followed the proper process toward citizenship ?
do you love our country and abide by it 's constitution ?
do your fellow citizens come first ?
if so you are a " real " american !
that racial crap you spew omar is n't nothing but lying filth !
all immigrants are trash this is a white country trump 2020
as usual doing the exact opposite of what he said during the campaign ; this is the worst thing he could do .
defense already gets at least .50 of every tax dollar .
we already spend more than all of nato , russia and china combined and still he says more ?
this nation will fall like all others that put all their energy into militarization , mind you we are not even at war , imagine if we had a real conflict like wwii .
we should have a small peace time military   and the budget to show it , we do not need a world wide military empire no other nation has one either .
that brown - jacket - nobody -meme is the most boring thing of this current year .
let 's be honest you ca n't stop mexicans from coming over that will be a problem until the end of the world
i am hoping hillary and o think trump will not press charges so o dosent pardon her trumps new team can put that bitch and all the rest away
yeahhhhhhhhhh !
yessssssss !
deporrrtttt the mother fuckersss this country has immigration laws deportttty these morons . !
nowwwww !
nobody is destroying any lives , they came here in the wrong way , so they gonna suffer the consequences .
deportttt the daca morons too .
this makes me even more proud to be a black person . :)
yes , in barbaric , authoritarian cultures that have since been condemned .
interesting that christians desire to perpetuate the same idea .
dreaming in your head wo nt help .
port a " pot"ty !
no to globalism political islam pc racism open borders yes to free speech patriotism secularism equality between men women black white yellow right wing but anti nazi and anti islam colored man with good education and job life gives you opportunities take or do nt cry
this veggie pizza burger taste fucking amazinggggggg
of course everybody wants to trade with the usa - as long as the usa runs the show !
ever hear of donald trump and his policies ?
the post - christian narcissistic of canada have a elephant in the room : alcohol .
> 
 when are they going to put the parents in jail for 14 years for providing booze to teenagers ?
alcohol is associated with over 250 disease , mental illness , car accidents , addiction .
alcohol is much worse than cannabis .
cannabis has not proven to hurt anyone .
> 
 the real problem with driving and cannabis is when someone has 1 drink a hour ( which is legal ) then smoke cannabis and then drive .
cannabis will amplify the effects of alcohol .
> 
  so what really needs to be done   is to apply all these new rules for cannabis to alcohol equally .
but the pcnc do not like that because they are the drinkers .
so i posted on craigslist rnr wondering why there were so many beaners in this town and i get this as a response i knew there were illiterates out there but this one is ridiculous
and there it is ... pay to play , big 5 style !
my sister is mad as hell we haf to watch huck getting shot twice ! ! !
who does that ? ? #
scandal
you find they are worse since they will able to blend more and fool people into thinking they 're genuine .
hang in there minority !
better to abolish everything to do with the permanent fund and plow the proceeds into preparing alaska to deal with reality !
i would love to consider serious public discourse that considers doing away with the fund and instead investing in developing infrastructure ( more regional ports , airports , etc . )
and services ( less - centralization of acute and critical medical service hubs ) .
lets more - rationally socialize the distribution of benefits to alaskans from this socialist program ! ! !
big gubmint sucks , sure , but so too big money , and all kinds of nightmarish small forms of small gubmint and no gubmint and crooked gubmint .
these people are pathetic .
it 's an insult to the women who legitiemtly suffer in those countries to even suggest it 's close in america .
am i missing something with the liberty university shirt ? ? (
edit : i just mean , is it a running joke or something ? )
we can not call people faggots or do asian accents anymore that all we have got the only two kinds of comedy
< user > yeah that was dope
having anger issues is the worst fucking thing ever cause i be wanting to fight everyone over everything
this guys hispanic , and scitzo now some crazy white christians are probably going to go commit some hate crimes .
i think the police and fbi dropped the ball and let to much information out about their screw up by giving his gun back , and releasing his insane ramblings of the right medias hate&fear campaign   inciting hate toward middle eastern people .
lets hope nothing else comes of this .
by the way more u.s. citizens are shot and killed by toddlers every year than isis .
statistically you should be more afraid of   toddlers that s why we keep um locked up   !
.http://greatstartforkids.org/sites/default/files/image/child%20family%20photos/evacuation%20crib%20photo.jpg
a white male toddler needs to have its head smashed by a hammer because its a rapist 
 but every nigger and a spic can rape a newborn in the ass and be seen as a deity for it
but he a spic so the jury figured that was excusable fuck daca fuck sanctuary cities fuck immigration fuck democrats may an earthquake destroy frisco
when i get sad i get like a stupid amount of sad and it just fucks everything up for a while
most who are in any situation where any sort of punishment or disciplinary actions are used ( e.g. schools or the military ) agree that there is a racial disparity - black and latinos are punished less harshly than their white or asian counterparts .
no wants the paperwork unless they have to .
unfortunately , little jamekiel has been told by his parent from birth that he does n't need to listen to the man , who is just trying to keep him down .
so he has no manners or idea how to behave in a group setting and ends up getting in trouble repeatedly .
a fire was reported in a three family house mid - morning wednesday last week there were many fatalities .
on the first floor lived a black family - < number > fatalities .
on the second floor lived a mexican family - < number > fatalities .
on the third floor lived a white family of < number > - no fatalities .
a reporter at the scene made headlines with this story .
immediately the fire chief and his department were attacked by naacp , < allcaps > jesse jackson and other black rights groups , as well as , the mexican consulate as being racist in their handling of the fire and loss of life issues .
there was some unsettling discomfort when questioned further the fire chief explained why the family on the third floor survived the fire and the others did not .
his only response was , " they were at work ! "
< user > the one in the orange shirt is a syrian refugee
these are the girls that get treated the worst url
" just saw a trailer for # ghostinashell and they said " " you 've never seen anything like it " " .. bitch you dont know what da fuck ive seen ! ! "
reminder : technology evolves at an exponential rate so hang in there incels , realistic vr waifus and ai are coming .
fyi this episode did appear on pbskids.org .
i watched it with my son ; it was pretty cute .
kids live in a world where gay people get married , and that includes parents of their friends , aunts or uncles , and yes , even teachers .
it 's important to show children those relationships in media as a way to help them understand real life .
ventura only governor to refund overpaid taxes back to those who paid them burqa betsy just fired gay police chief who demanded open investigation against mudslime cop that murdered white christian woman appointed mudslime as new chief burqa betsy will lose gay vote and mayor position
it seems lupul learned that $ 5.2 can be cut by a third in a buy out and either way he has no place on the team .
the leafs have played hard ball with lupul and the globe , tsn and sportsnet - all part of the leaf ownership group have given management a pass .
but , if he can play tennis and snowboard he can play hockey somewhere , perhaps the nhl should take a hard look ?
< user > i do nt like that ur not gay
my girlfriend always takes long showers after watching movies starring chris pratt ... i do n't know what she 's doing in there , but it gives me lots of time to jerk off to chris pratt .
can we bomb brazil already ?
i have nt seen one person with iq higher than 20 from there jesus christ
your wife hates me i like provoking her jealousy tribute or i 'll dump you the instant she gets fed up & leaves # hotwife # cuck # cuckold # wife # homewrecker # divorce # cheating # gprt # alpha # goddess # mistress # worship # girlfriend # sidepiece # hotwifing # ruined # girlfriendexperience url
my mom always complaining , how you always mad for the stuff you 're supposed to do ?
i did n't ask to be born .
im truly the biggest idiot im making this model that looks devent wheb thetes a kit online
what does society and a banana have in common 


 the less brown , the better
ok good people i am gabbed out sorry for porn i will remember from now on nsfw no sex for women i ve got add but i will try to remember no sex for women
" mexico is sending us their drugs , their , criminals , their rapists . "
i 'll take it over these psychopath pussy ass small dicked white dudes shooting innocent people .
also , all you people out there " of color " , be very , very worried and do something about it with your vote on the next go round .
trump is a white supremacist , obviously picking on blacks , this time .
he has no problem pandering to the racism of his " base " , stirring it up in a racist frenzy .
he 's used mexicans , middle easterners , jews and blacks as his foils to do that so far .
this is getting bad .
even nfl owners , risking offending their white customer base , are pushing back - and they have no problem killing their employees to make money .
very bad .
i 'm good with whatever your man does in the way of taking federal money away from alaska .
i 'm sick and tired of conservatives complaining and whining about how horrible the feds are out of one side of their mouths , while whining and begging for federal   handouts out of the other side .
they demand federal money then bash the government that gives it to them .
they constantly campaign on getting rid of any federal " say "   in alaska .
well , this time they 'll be more likely get their wish .
the feds do n't seem all that interested in keeping alaska happy .
sad .
just as ridiculous are people who are on medicare and social security who complain about the federal government running " entitlement programs " then screaming at that same government " stay away from my medicare and social security benefits ! "
and since alaska voted for trump , it seems particularly fitting that the people who did so get what they asked for .
& # 8220;@hermosa_jayy : can i bring anotha bitch or nah & # 128527;&#8221 ;
i swear this particular presidency makes me question and reassess this whole democracy thing sometimes & # 129300;&#128557;&#128514 ;
would rather have terrorism over not being able to boycott an allied country this talking point must be important because he repeats it but i can not make out what on earth it supposed to mean if you do not buy stuff from jews they will fake arabs taking down more nyc landmarks
who cares what her tits look like if i stick it in her south pole .
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island 2 , and my score was : 372 # gameinsight # paradiseisland2
i need hope 
 please post pictures of great before and after plastic surgery transformations of men
me ( mexican american ): : graduate school is such a lonely place .
all everyone has time for is work .
my advisor : : oh , you should get some mexican friends .
p ryan plays his part well for the democrat agenda , let 's face it , what has he done for you and me ?
👹
you might try reading my original comment and see if you can figure out where you 're making errors of logic in the things i 've said and my positions .
or , keep posting unfounded assumptions and making a fool of yourself , i do n't care !
by the way , the alt - right are self professed white nationalists ( at best ) , so they are racist by their own admission .
and the grand poobah of the alt - right is trump 's main man in the white house .
and trump himself is a proven racist ( refusing to rent to blacks , among many other things ) .
so yeah , if you support trump and/or identify with the alt - right , you are supporting racists , which makes you a racist .
you are either against racism ( which means you do n't support racists ) , or you are a racist .
which one are you , ely ?
so , tillerson is feeling overworked or what ?
secretary of state is a huge role with lots on the plate .
if you ca n't handle the responsibilities , all the responsibilities , time to find someone who can .
here is a joke that wo n't offend anybody
you moron i 'm a us citizen who lived " up there " for 55 years .
so do n't push your racist far right b / s on me .
go to a domestic shelter in the south and tell me how many of these are latino .
ignorance is unfortunately a trail you 'll follow all of your life .
by the way i 'm a white guy married to a latino
" right you are , my boy , you got that one dead right ; especially if what you did and said back then now manages to drag dad down into the quicksand of an unending , unrelenting scandal for the next three - and - a - half years of his term of office as president . "
do you really think trump will last that long ?
what is in the public domain appears to be accelerating , at an ever increasing rate .
if this continues at this rate , the republicans will ditch trump within three months .
and that is not including what is not in the public domain but which must be accumulating , inexorably .
and could soon be in the public domain .
the   two congressional investigations and one by special investigator have been very quiet , but they are presumably hard at work .
when they release all or something , the dam wall could break , and that will be the end of trump .
sad how we teach girls how to not get raped do not walk at night carry pepper spray do not trust strangers instead of teaching boys how not to rape respect women and understand concent gender forum
< user > you ’ re retarded — like actually — that goes for all you astrology people out there aswell
well fortunately , chris tucker is black so he gets a pass from the rabid finger pointing reddit crowd with their insane victim fetish if that were a white male playing that part though .. it 'd be a whole different story .
you are super cool i bet you get that thirsty retard pussy easily
have you sources for this misinformation ?
i 'd be glad to review it .
i ca n't find the connections you allege in any on - line medical journals or veterinary​ sources .
rossriver31 oi jews ai n't blowing no one up u nazi basterd racism is a natural erg it ai n't that big of a problem
@bthoughtcrime @card007teri how quiet they have been .
they stand up for gay rights aslong it does nt interfer with thier muslim base .
😂 😂 # hypocrisy
that burrito place is good , but i do n't eat in because more than 5 minutes in that place & you smell like a mexican .
that 's it .
only the g & m and it 's simplistic fools blame all the ills of the world , particularly right wing hatred , on donald trump .
experts in profound analysis know it 's entirely the fault of the internet .
lol 

 forget the kkk has thrived for about 150 years .
forget nazism and fascism have found followers since the 1920 's .
forget anti - semitism has been active for at least 1000 years .
white supremacists ?
what about christopher columbus ?
look what the spanish conquerors did in latin america in the 1500 's .
and what the americans did to the american indians in the 1880 's .
maybe the source of right wing racist hatred is capitalism .
it 's always more virulent in difficult economic times when large numbers of whites are struggling to survive .
right wing racist hatred never went away - it was only waiting in the weeds for corporate oligarchs to let it loose for economic purposes .
trump silence on the blmkidnapping upsets me obama is expected but not trump i thought he was for all americans or like our gov and msm everyone except white and disabled americans
at 4:11pm : few clouds -&gt ; broken clouds temperature up 12 ° c -&gt ; 13 ° c humidity down 57 % -&gt ; 54 % wind 3 kmh -&gt ; 10 kmh
where are the white hate groups that have killed people recently ?
there are n't that many hate crimes committed by hate groups .
they 're all done by crazy people .
why do mexican kids act like they own the school ?
because their dads built it and their moms clean it
same as it ever was ...
i 'm not really a sexually driven person .
i mean i get horny like everybody else but pussy ai n't ever ruled me thankfully ...
the town where i live is still < number > white thank god more spics and niggers by the year though no darkies working at wendies though
freeheels .. close your eyes and ignore the murder and marginalization of native americans , slavery and the subsequent racism towards blacks and " mexicans " , and muslims , the internment of japanese , george warcriminal bush invasion of iraq , and you 'll see the streets of america are paved with gold , everything is ok and you can have a coke and a smile ... it 's called the conservative way .
you might be gleefully anticipating a day off , only to be conf ... more for aquarius https://t.co/mxhocifbtt
shawn and chase are tras
no , absolutely not .
the difference is the reason behind the speech .
we ca n't yell " fire ! "
in a crowded room , unless of course there is a fire .
part of the problem is that too many people ca n't express an opinion without going a bit too far .
do n't like a movie , okay , but some have to prove he movie is unlikable and make insulting comments about the actors .
i loved the original ghostbusters and wonder about the remake .
however , when i see it i may like it .
if i do n't , i wo n't take it personally or feel it necessary to make hate - filled comments .
one of the reasons i think donald trump is dangerous is that too many of his supporters feel empowered to apply hate labels to group historically discriminated against : women , blacks , latinos , asians , etc . ,
etc . ,
etc .
more cultural appropriation , are pocs so creatively bankrupt they ca nt come up with their own ideas ?
if you had watched the 60 minutes piece on ulukaya recently , you would have had accurate information about the chobani hiring practices and how the company has benefitted the two communities in which the plants are located .
whoops ... meant to reply to bennice 's post .
i do n't get it .
i 'm sure other races do it , but it baffles me that whites want to blame other races for some intangible issue .
blame the blacks , blame the chinese , blame the mexicans .
uh , what are they really taking from us whites personally ?
nothing substantial i can put a finger on .
certainly nothing from me personally that makes a hoot of difference in my life .
i 've got it good .
i could have it better , but the only one to blame for that is me .
the migrants currently bringing * diversity and culture * to germany will love shitting all over the place and wiping their hands on the interior windows .
oh hush rt < user > sliding in dms in this economy whew child the ghetto
she is a motherfucking bad bitch and that 's on period .
url
nay i 'm not against sex and sexuality .
i 'm for people doing what makes them happy ( and does n't harm others ) .
my rarely having sex is what makes me happy .
< user > < user > < user > are you white cause my spic ass ca nt be the white bitches he referencing
my fucking uni 's library service went through some fucked up changes and i lost all access to all of my sources for my essay ! ! ! !
n i c e
i do n't believe the fbi .
the perception that iphones can now be hacked ( but without any proof ) leads all users to believe they 're not immune to invasive search .
will they hack the iphones in other cases now with the secret key ?
i 'll see your murder - suicides and raise you ten or more dead little girls shot in their beds through the walls of their houses by gang bangers-- black , hispanic and asian , spraying their own neighborhoods with random shots while high on drugs .
and the black ones wearing " warn - a - brother " t - shirts to threaten the good , honest , people in the neighborhood so they wo n't testify against the scum .
fbi statistics say those are the deaths ; the victims are the same race as the murderers .
you did n't like the chicago tribune articles that showed those facts when i published them here on cc ; i can go to a different city ....
so i just want to make a thread about this .
i just feel it 's necessary to be a voice and speak up for the # lgbtq community .
i live in a small ass town in rhode island with people who have small ass minds .
our local library was hosting a drag queen story time .
chuck the cuck nellis bad mouthed trump often on twitter while supporting spik cuban ted cruz jewed up ass now he on gab saying how great trump did his 1 st year and knocking liberals he is a liberal shit himself dam cuck
why are vacations a favourite target for cutting costs ?
you 'll have vacation memories long after you have forgotten about your cars , gadgets , clothes , and restaurant meals .
clueless boomer jews do nt want refugees because muslims hate them
i do n't need someone who is perfect .
i need someone who loves me , respects me , cares for me and understand me . & #
128522;&#128158;&#128584 ;
there are good reasons why no state awards their electors proportionally .
the whole number proportional system sharply increases the odds of no candidate getting the majority of electoral votes needed , leading to the selection of the president by the u.s. house of representatives , regardless of the popular vote anywhere .
it would not accurately reflect the nationwide popular vote ; 

 it would reduce the influence of any state , if not all states adopted .
it would not improve upon the current situation in which four out of five states and four out of five voters in the united states are ignored by presidential campaigns , but instead , would create a very small set of states in which only one electoral vote is in play ( while making most states politically irrelevant ) , 

 it would not make every vote equal .
it would not guarantee the presidency to the candidate with the most popular votes in the country .
quite the career , she served our country with grace ,   a well earned retirement .
this makes me even more proud to be a black person . :)
< user > they know it very well bro they want their immigrant terrorist brothers to have a free run in our country that it
shocked !
6 % maybe , but 16 ?
never !
jews dominate the donor class both republican and democrat why fixate on the jewish question you will never solve as a tide of hispanics blacks breed you into the third world
blacks own dogs cuz they miss capturing prisoners and forcing them to fight or selling them to white people hispanics own dogs so they can feel what the spanish felt when them came over and conquered them all and white people may not miss owning slaves ... but the dna within them sure as hell does /s for any nephews that ca n't detect it
@ewerickson # homophobe # scambag !
sexual orientation is not a sin !
it took so little time for you , ugly hearted bozos , to show up ! #
getlost
i 'm 63 and white .
i could not agree with you more .
you need to wish them well and get on with your life , start a family of your own , that 's coming from someone who is working on the second part of what i told ya !
@reformedace forgiveness is often confused with reconciliation .
forgiveness as christians is not optional .
does n't mean you have to be best friends with the person who sins against you unless they part of the body of christ .
if they 're unbelievers you pray for them and have no bitterness .
i d rather not read your trash while also making fun of how much of a faggot you are
you are the fucking problem .
what is wrong with standing up for your country ?
go somewhere else and you will find out real quick how good you have it here .
so for now go sit on your fat ass , and type on your phone somewhere in an air conditioned room .
you have no clue .
fucking loser .
every white redneck should already know this by now because i herald it everywhere i can .
and all should acknowledge that white men are not kings of the hill .
any hill .
so kindly stop slamming alaska natives every chance you get .
studies , research , law enforcement statistics , the fbi crime stats , state and federal crime stats , ad infinitum , say thus : white men commit the most heinous crimes across the country ; white men are at the top of the list as serial killers ; white men are at the top of the list as child sex predators and killers ; white men make up 85 - percent of child sex tourists in latin america .
any questions ?
the railway station while awaiting a train johanna aiken tom weeks teller warren jesse thompson and thead grayson negroes walter and will jones negroes lynched the known wounded are orrin gillis ex sheriff white shot in shoulder and may die e.b .
appleby < number >
supreme court : no such thing as fuckin hate speech only # freespeech u mama boy monkey bastard fruity ass rainbow unicorn lovin commie nipple- 
 dick shit slingin peanut ball lazy freak bitch moslem dindu - nuffin breathin up all my air slimy slut dildo head pedophile hillary lovin anti - american fucks !
exactly !
lgbt representation is hard to do right but when it is you can tell and it 's just eeeeeeee .
thanks for being understanding though
only solution to # kashmir issue is by establishing pro # indian people with firmness .
i.e. remove # article370 and create # panunkashmir for kp 's .
@chrungooaj @ankursharma_adv @shailaimaaima @satyankhajuria @neelakantha @prof_hariom @ikkjutt_jammu @savesabrimala @myplacenhistory
" and incurred a record $ 160b in new debt in 5 years . "
the record accumulation for debt was pet 's last 3 back - to - back record deficits - and that was without the excuse of a gfc .
hoping to find a sexy guy to have some fun with
why are pills white ?
cause they work .
tillerson is a globalist i was surprised he was ever hired he likes having queers in the boy scouts
my advice is keep with it it 's better to know it and never have to use it , then to need to use it and not know it !
press release we want to commend jussie smollett on creating < number > jobs for < number > wonderful immigrants
if the spanish government did nothing to prevent the referendum they would have looked weak and ineffectual the catalan nationalists orchestrated today violence because they wanted to make themselves look like martyrs if they held a legal referendum like the scots did they would have lost
what do you call 4 black guys , an asian , and 5 mexicans ?
a sprinkler , because nigga , nigga , nigga , nigga , chink , spick , spick , spick , spick , spick .
i am just getting exhausted begging you to define race so far you have presented an article which you claim proves that blue eyes define caucasians so are blue eyed detroit blacks caucasians
yemen is in stage 9 of 10 stages of genocide .
millions are being intentionally starved .
when are we going to call the yemen genocide a genocide like genocide watch ?
will we wait until the genocide is completed and tens of millions are dead ? #
yemengenocide url
did you know : no one has ever won the par three tournament and the masters tournament in the same year . #
masters
first nations leaders , now that 's an oxymoron .
what you believe suggest we should stop using oil .
great , we should work towards that .
then we wo n't have to " close the tar sands " since they will close all on their own .
closing down one source of supply while demand continues to rise makes no sense whatsoever .
so they 're going to make it more appealing with lots of naughty words in their pro feminist , pro ethnic minority t"her"minator , complete with the lgbt-1000 .
white kids need to interact with kneegrows and other non white kids or they 'll be lost in the real come the time they leave home ...
queer culture is adding each other on instagram and 😍 reacting each other stories forever but not actually having a conversation or making any moves
actually i agree with certain gatekeeping merely because in the dating world when someone says they are polyamorous i think it should be understood as something more personal and connected than " can fuck many people honestly at the same time " it is frustrating to think someone means they are poly and then it turns out they 're just nm .
" brown people are invading this country and we need to fight back " " i am not a white supremacist but they 'll probably call me one anyway "
messy soft punk boyfriend ready to choke on your cute cock 🐾 👻 url
because shooters were gay and tranny
how about this ?
http://www.amren.com/news/2015/07/new-doj-statistics-on-race-and-violent-crime/ 

 this table can be used for a number of interesting calculations .
first , we find that during the 2012/2013 period , blacks committed an average of 560,600 violent crimes against whites , whereas whites committed only 99,403 such crimes against blacks .
this means blacks were the attackers in 84.9 percent of the violent crimes involving blacks and whites .
this figure is consistent with reports from 2008 , the last year doj released similar statistics .
perhaps not coincidentally , that was the year mr. obama was elected president .
interestingly , we find that violent interracial crime involving blacks and hispanics occurs in almost exactly the same proportions as black / white crime : blacks are the attackers 82.5 percent of the time , while hispanics are attackers only 17.5 percent of the time .
put them in a airplane , and take them back to where they came from .
we do n't have a fucking illegal sitting in the white house anymore .
no more illegals , and no more fucking democrats .
you boo god , you go to hell .
coding like a boss _ get what you ’re owed - audigy group coding plays a big role in getting reimbursed for audiology services provided ...
i saw this porno once where the black guy had a nicer butt than the white bitch he was beating on not me
imbecilic rantings and ravings of raul grijalva of arizona ( a staunch sanders - socialist supporter ) cares not for the citizens of this state , but rather for maintaining his position within state government .
a few of his gems of brilliancy :  
 determined the border - wall would prohibit the migration of birds ... yes , birds ... who fly over walls ; 
 proclaimed a boycott against tucson az ( his beloved city ) , during the state 's sb 1070 immigration bill , with the following details :   " we 're asking organizations , civic , religious , labor , latino , organizations of color to refrain from using arizona as a convention site , to refrain from spending their dollars in the state of arizona ... " - further elaborating to keep - out superbowls , concerts and all events beneficial to tucson ; 
 rounding out his stupidity - called for the boycott of " arizona ice tea " - which btw is based in newyork - not arizona - in protest to immigration policies .
simplified :   grijalva is a lunatic in a powerful local govt seat .
filthy crap , they have not right being here , we do nt want them and they must go back to mexico 🇺 🇸
@raymysterio305 should have stayed in mexico and seen a doctor .
oh but then they would have to pay .
illegal aliens illegal aliens .
sick and damn tired of going to the er sick while staff struggles to understand the words coming out of their mouth .
errrrrrrr
i do n't want trump to build a wall .
because i 'm not buying my landscaper a ladder .
of course , you little brown whores are so eager to throw away your old life for this white cock
deport that beaner spic to mexico
trans woman have already been competing in the olympics and it has n't been an issue .
the commerce clause ( article 1 , section 8 , clause 3 ) of the us constitution gives congress the power to regulate commerce among the states .
the courts have interpreted this to mean that statutes passed by congress regulating interstate travel are constitutional .
looking for a white only female for friendship or more .must have strong moral background and a sound beleif in the white race.lets talk .
everyone that uses the term ' hate crime ' deserves to be kicked swiftly in the nuts from the white house on down .
stop dividing people .
trump 's message about rejecting globalization is a smoke screen .
his supporters are overwhelmingly uneducated , white , earning above average incomes .
they 've never been disadvantaged by nafta or offshoring manufacturing jobs .
what they have in common is a resentment toward immigrants ( especially muslims and latinos ) , afro - americans , and natives who they see as benefiting from government assistance and preferential treatment .
trump 's message is all about making america safe for white supremacists .
apparently , kelly leech wants the same for canada .
disgusting .
people are like snow ... if it 's black , brown , or yellow , do n't touch it .
there are legitimate criticisms of valentine 's day , but " women have too much power on this day " is not one of them .
why are we here , just to suffer ..... 
 incels ca n't reproduce because no one will have sex with us so we ca n't pass on our dna , employers will promote chads over incels because " he looks like a leader " so we ca n't really accomplish anything , so why are we here , is it all some cruel twisted joke .
try google : 
 " donald trump wrong that media is not reporting on terrorism any more " : 
 http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/06/donald-trump/donald-trump-wrong-media-not-reporting-terrorism-a/ 

 " trump said to fact check , so we did … he just told 2 insane lies " : 
 http://www.bluedotdaily.com/trump-said-to-fact-check-so-we-did-he-just-told-2-insane-lies/
that 's besides the point .
the fact remains that one can be moral / good / etc without being christian , contradicting what you said earlier : > being non - christian is in itself a bad thing .
it is incompatible with being good .
are you co - workers ?
are you best friends ?
... the revival is here !
it 's not about the booty - o 's or pops , because the # topguys are here on # raw ! #
rawaftermania
this 5 year old boy is probably going to need some counseling after this incident , and the sooner the better ... having his mother in prison is n't a good start , and being tortured as well is n't going to help him have a stable life .
my meeting with my professor just fucked up my day i hate school so much wtf
wewereneverasked daca is clearly not consensual it is abusive to legal immigrants and citizens doctor sekzi < user >
those two fags need a free helicopter ride .
communists love free helicopter rides , very popular in chile .
girls are great , and being one would also probably be great .
unfortunately i have no actual dysphoria .
i wish someone would do an extensive investigation of the correlation between the rise of diversity and the lowering of contributions of states to higher education .
i first went to college in the 1960 's , when the university of connecticut was pretty much all white .
after riots burned cities during those times , changes were made , and more and more black students were able to attend college .
yet the contribution offered by the state was reduced significantly .
i would guess almost all states would show a graph that indicates that as diversity increased , tax funding was reduced for public schools , but there was a significant rise in private funding for private schools .
racism in higher ed ?
hugh massengill , eugene
that 's no excuse for stealing other people 's technology and research and intellectual property you 're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are and your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you 'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites you chinks are determined to eat every pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
@reformedace forgiveness is often confused with reconciliation .
forgiveness as christians is not optional .
does n't mean you have to be best friends with the person who sins against you unless they part of the body of christ .
if they 're unbelievers you pray for them and have no bitterness .
bro dreadlocks or faux locks even on women are legit stunning
some are and some are not .
you will find that with everything in life .
but whites tend to be more raspecfull to everyone
it 's hard to compare this kid james alex fields jr. , to terrorist after the video i have shared out there it is questing when what motives i so see is a distress driver .. it not like he pick up a gun and went on a rampage or have confessions of him doing it on purpose .
most mexicans are garbage .
even the " good " ones are garbage , just not evil and murderous .
garbage , garbage , garbage .
letting them in is like eating shit .
wake the fuck up .
don t become the nigga das like i am not giving a bitch shit bc das how you block your blessings
+ kiki melendez do you know mexicans are hybrid race !
half european white italian spaniard and the dogs they came over here to fuck created mexicans
< user > i ’ m sorry i don ’ t dress like a ghetto hood rat like you
censorship is violence therefore violence against those who want to censor is warranted and ethical as self defense
game was rigged from the start goy wake up .
americans genocided europeans in both world wars .
more than any other race in the history of the world .
all part of the plan .
enjoy your brown and black invaders .
america died in the early 1900s .
your just propping up a dead corpse .
return to your roots white man .
or die and be forgotten .
< user > so you are fine with a bunch of muslim men stopping traffic in the middle of a busy new york street to pray to mecca
so sick of this " my way or the highway " mentality .
hey , assembly members - respect has to be earned , so why do n't you all work on that .
i see your point but at the same time , you live in florida .... do you not expect to be hit by a hurricane at some point ?
no proof of trump - russia collusion but lots of evidence of obama spying https://t.co/aywr3dw4yh # featured1 via @constitutionnat
if he were canadian with the same desire to be a political leader , obama would have learned french .
you got ta be kidding .
trump a christian , nope , he is the devil , he hates blacks , hispanics , muslims , gays , asians , etc .
they were in melbourne for two fucking days while i was in school i am still mad
in many professional offices the wife and children are part of the business as employees , and this is permitted .
if you are saying that your spouse did nothing for the corp then you just admitted your a tax cheat .
temp : 32.4f w c : 32.4f wind:--- at 0.0kts baro : 1029.3 mb and rising slowly rain today : 0.00 in r h : 99 % # wvwx
that 's disgusting .
she 's hindu and supports economic policies that will lead to the extinction of many species including humans .
terrible woman .
what you fail to realize is that donald trump has hired and cut paychecks to more black latino gay lesbian and transgendered people than all previous presidents put together .
throw in a couple of innocent american lives those who die from their violence and you got a price that is wat too high for us to pay deport
" in quebec , the number of people crossing the border illegally has also increased exponentially .
from april 2014 to march 2015 , 166 people were caught crossing the border illegally .
by the next year , that number had almost doubled to 315 .
but in the eight months that followed — to nov. 30 , 2016 — another 823 had crossed illegally , the cbsa said . "
http://montrealgazette.com/news/quebec/the-new-underground-railroad-leads-to-hemmingford 
 i would call this a trend .
all you hindus should go back to paki you fucking indian go back to mexico !
every month for the last 6 months has had some form of it in one game or another , mostly japanese games getting the raw end of the stick
# klassikradio meets is my new fave for work .
3 !
@lindseystirling hits in 1 afternoon # yaaaasss and + # queen + # nirvana & # 128525 ;
just tell the cops they 're not allowed to interact with black people in any way .
just enforce the law with whites , asians , mexicans , the rest .
certainly a white ethnostate would permit no blacks asians hispanics or arabs
hahahah du .. have some shame son of whore .
you studied arts .
useless sperm of your pathetic cuck dad .
enough attention to an inferior blood like you .
i made your life by replying i know cunt :)
simple reminder that it is okay to be thankful for what you have been blessed with , and it is more than okay to travel to third world countries to spread the love of god to those who do not have access . "
everyone to whom much was given , of him much will be required . "
luke 12:48
< user > lmao oh ok i ama talking bout a dyke in the line he need to let you text him your picks and bring the bread
i agree these people are full of themselves . . .
and i am white nothing is wrong with a different skin color white people are not better than anyone else
yawnsville man - when is he going to talk about his attempt to sink clinton during the campaign .
comey is going to go down in history as just another political hack .
the priest at the wedding takes an opportunity to promote africa passes out a basket for the poor zulus that can not farm a basic flower pot
i just wanted to pop in and say that i wish you in ireland the best and sincerely hope that ireland is n't too far gone before enough people wake up , see what is happening , stop it and preserve ireland .
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
how 's that vote for real change working out for you folks ?
have you taken canada back yet ?
still think it matters who you vote for ?
when america was white no ghettos no handouts almost no taxes no men of color trying to have sex with your < number > year old daughter almost no crime the left says the white communities must die out
you find they are worse since they will able to blend more and fool people into thinking they 're genuine .
nah fuck you too for liking dylan roof that little faggot shot up a church of black christians cuz he was too scared to go kill thug niggers or spic gangsters fucking coward kid deserves to be crucified
trump is a paper tiger .
like most bullies , he backs down when opponents push back .
the one china policy , obamacare , the   mexican wall , north korea .
his threats have proved baseless .
with the attention span of a 14 - year - old   gamer buzzed on red bull ,   trump 's interest in nafta will soon fall by the wayside .
there are far too many potholes for him to fix on the road to make america great again .
once another shiny object gets his attention ,   the adults should be able to work out an agreement suitable to all parties .
tfw when too dumb to even have a chance at providing betabux
< user > < user > i can not believe reid uses the words negro dialect in his personal vocabulary
the whole mistreated , victim crap is getting old .
these people should not be coming into our country illegally .
the children that have died are a direct result of their parents breaking american laws .
cafeteria worker : : does she speak english ?
directed at my friend , who according to this person , " looked more american , " hence her reasoning for not even bothering to try consulting me directly as to my english - speaking skills .
12 years ago when i was in elementary school .
made me feel angry , belittled , and confused as to what it meant to " look american " .
feminism is the greed for honor by some women against the status of the most prestigious men the great pretense is that feminist women want equality with men but feminists remain silent about the plight of low status exploited men
" dozens " oh shit .
dozens of agents are going to stem the tide of thousands of illegals .
can ’ t believe a racist tweet ab my city and muslims got over 4 k likes from trump supports is this a fever dream
refugees welcome but no irish comedies have to be poorly written now so that mexicans and asians will get the jokes yeah you know what life is too short to listen to this radiohead album mpcstatusupdates
dismantle her piece by piece , set fire to her soul & amp ; lovingly reassemble her as she asks you to do it all over again
so nice to see an american family in the white house and not the ghetto trash who was ruining our country maga gabfam britfam
completely nta .
you deserve to be who you are .
you are n't selfish for wanting to come out .
your parents chose to be parents , and the sacrifices they made for you are n't invalidated because you are gay .
come out to them when you are ready .
i hope things get easier for you .
good luck out there .
while i agree that columbus was everything mr. fried stated;it was n't genocide that killed off the native population , it was infectious european diseases that accomplished that .
the natives had no natural immunity to say , smallpox or measles .
some historians say the impact of european and african settlers in the new world was more destructive than the black death had been in medieval europe , possibly killing off as much as 90 percent of the native populations .
men and their " relationships . "
bye acosta !
moving forward , victims should not have to choose between justice and restitution .
.@natalietudor agreed .
i just hate that society is so economically illiterate they blame sexism rather than capitalism for those questions .
the truth is harsh lets not even pretend like this is not the story of every inner city ghetto latina
< user > why did 3 v3 rep get raped l
ever wonder why no one can afford to go see them on the average salary ?
no one is worth that for doing anything .
i prefer he term " general welfare " to the common good .
by that , i mean what he founders meant , not some wilsonian ideal .
i do believe taxes are needed to run gov't , but 60 % plus is for entitlements , that ca n't be touch for some god awful reason .
welfare destroys the industry of the individual , enslaving him to keep his goals low in order to continue to receive " free " stuff .
three and four generations after the great society are stuck in a vicious cycle who do n't know anything more than a welfare check or ebt deposit .
this has destroyed our inner city , mostly black , but hispanic and white as well .
i do n't see that as helping the common good .
< user > < user > rascism is not just for blacks browns muslims asians people who hate white people are rascist
you are super cool i bet you get that thirsty retard pussy easily
being a csu alum , one thing i would like to see added to the alternate look would be to have a mirror - gold helmet with the csu logo on it .
also , have a gold " bone ram horn " ( like the orange one ) used on the green helmet .
... the revival is here !
it 's not about the booty - o 's or pops , because the # topguys are here on # raw ! #
rawaftermania
for such a queer campus berkeley undergrads was so heterosexually slow oh my god
females say niggas ain shit and go try fw another female when whole time they not shit neither 😂 now you mad at fingers
mentally retarded u ar .
👍 👍 u foreigners use only tissue paper to wipe off ur shits ass , u even do n't wash ur shits ass , what a fuck ? ?
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 but we indians use water to clean our shits ass properly and then wash our hands two times , understand , u foreigner fuckers .
retire your fingers " ailina " you troll .
free canada press is an anti - catholic and anti - semetic alt right online blog run by judi mcleod .
they are the same outlet that claimed 9/11 was an inside job perpetrated by " the mob " and any latin americans who protest tougher immigration laws are actually acting under detailed instructions from " swiss jews , an irish / canadian manager , and a califormia jew " .
http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/judi_mcleod
kurgan , most of the cases in regensburg had to do with corporal punishment ( not outlawed in germany until the 1980 's ) , not pedophilia .
that is no excuse to hit kids who are n't performing well , but hitting kids is still common in germany ( as i learned as recently as two week ago ) .
polls also note that nearly half of german parents still hit their kids .
of course , in our own country , 19 states currently allow corporal punishment in the form of paddling , smacking , etc .
the good news is that the regensburg church choir is functioning quite well today , free of corporal punishment , any kind of abuse .
parents , who compete to get their kids in the choir , as well as the cathedral staff are much more vigilant than they were 20 or 50 years ago .
fuck life tbh 
 its just not worth living in 2017 .
how long will jews be a majority in israel
so , are you a white mexican , or are you a brown mexican ?
do you call yourself spanish , or do you just like how the language feels rolling off of your toungue ?
just admit it ... you just do n't like anybody not like you ... even the white ones .
oh how i 'd like cum inside your sweet pussy non stop and i would like to fuck you personally on my pussystretchcasting porn shoot .
< user > waisay hai tou innovative u know like in the west they call them redneck 😅
why are black male rappers and artists always become pedophiles and rapists
en zo is dar die taqqiya moslim moet gewoon oprottn naar marokko
production of white babies and increasing white population is a task of each white couple .
nah , i wo n't need one .
her future sex life is none of my business .
my business is making sure she has the information to make educated , informed decisions ( including about safe sex ) and understands that nobody is allowed to touch her without her consent , and she 's not allowed to touch anybody without their consent , and teenagers can not legally give consent to adults .
with those bases covered , it 's up to her .
nun or pornstar .
gay , straight , bisexual , pansexual .
the whole football team , the whole hockey team or both or nobody ever .
it 's her call , whatever makes her happy .
but what her dad will do , is be there to pick up the pieces when her heart gets broken and help her if she makes a mistake .
that 's it .
i do n't believe anybody should control her body but her , not even me , not even as a teenager .
i make no a rules for her i wo n't follow myself .
no parental hypocrisy .
and i am not giving up sex !
hey ivo , yeah , we lefty , equal - rights types sure are authoritarian as parents , eh ?
< user > happy hanukkah for all jews
blm member living in detroit baltimore youngstown chicago ny la houston or any city with a large crumbling poor dependent ghetto black men women and children lifestyle
you can call me queer , bi , pan , fluid , or a purple spotted giraffe .
to make things even more ( or less ) complicated i have even identified as grey - asexual and sapiosexual in the past .
just a human living my life .
not trying to erase or invalidate yours .
✌ 🏼
what these idiots fail to realize is that trump has employed and cut pay checks to more black latino gay lesbian muslim and transgendered people than all previous presidents combined .
bro twitch is so retarded imagine banninf someone cus they broke a keyboard and labeling it as self harm bunch of fucking 🤡 work at twich bruh
@bthoughtcrime @card007teri how quiet they have been .
they stand up for gay rights aslong it does nt interfer with thier muslim base .
😂 😂 # hypocrisy
i am so tired of these 4 psychopaths saying white people are the devil .
these racist bitches are the devil .
man this woman came hear as an illegal immagrant .. are you fucking kidding me ... soc hates america ... fuk outta her with this bullm shit ... lets just eliminate the border and sing fuckinj g kumbah ya
i thought that justice was supposed to be blind in the us . ...
not !
" i m always here for objective beyonce analysis but i do not see what y all see for ashanti and never have " " oh babay " " & # 128580;&#128514 ; "
evwimena says < date > at < time > what thought process do you expect from a socialist snowflake dyke she has the support of the not sure if we are sitters or pointers restroom users when the o.b .
delivered this young person the doc told her mom she has a beautiful girl
pride month serves as a reminder of the obstacles those in the lgbtq have faced , and may continue to face .
it creates a sense of unity .
robo is a nigger , your the filthy wetback suck his asshole .
he s gon na peel your mushroom cap back blue
< user > < user > very shamefull act ov a muslim country
ok jews there are no gay blacks old enough to have white hair
in < number > we have to set up video outside the ghetto polling places so we can count the number of people entering and leaving it literally would not surprise me if almost nobody actually votes in these precincts and it just < number > fraud
when you admit black and brown people are abused by democrats as their standard of living fall to the rats !
is @orkinpest racist too @joyannreid when they ranked baltimore in top ten of rat infested cities ?
americans are tired of your race card sweetie ! #
trumplandslide2020 url url
stupid liberal democrat woman , travelling in the third world , where diversity gets to run amok .
i call her stupid because she did n't make the connection between race and crime .
if we should ever have to go to war with mexico again could we win !
no more mexicans and make english only laws
sadly the bishop has to ignore the victims of criminal illegals .
rapist rape , child molesters molest , murderers murder .
our heroin epidemic is fueled by millions of criminal illegal drug cartels members .
the illegal criminal gangs from across latin america prey on the latino community that this bishop claims to care about so much .
bishop indeed .
those racists that the left talks about includes trump voters comprising of 42 % women , and 1/3 latinos .
i have 2 friends in arizona who voted for trump simply because they just got disgusted by the seemingly musical / poetic repetitive democrat narrative- racist , misogynist , homophobic , xenophobic , deplorable , irredeemable .
people are getting tired of identity political and of msm doing the thinking for them .
< user > < user > there shd be a film called no hindus in kashmir wud be perfect islamic fanaticsm movement in kashmir
if you are looking for a great book with insightful historical content read thomas sowell black rednecks white liberals an amazing book from a brilliant economist
at the expense of repeating myseld whaddya expect from a free speech sm platform run by a kike and a street shitter free speech
so there might be hope for us after all ?
cishet always wait until their dicks itch and burn to worry about their sexual health .
what the fuck does body count matter if you do n't even know each other 's sexual health .
it 's probably been more than a year since you got tested and you worried about body count ?
what do mexicans feed their kids for a bubble bath beans
only thing worse than arguing with a flat earther is arguing with a holocaust denier
2 of 2 
 when we embraced   within our own hearts his inviolate word ‘ truth ’ it should induce humility , if it does not we are not been honest with ourselves .
jesus walks before us with the lamp of truth held high above the spiritual path of transformation and calls to us 
 “ take my yoke upon you , and learn of me ; for i am meek and lowly in heart ” : 

 i believe the way forward for the church is in trust and humility , where we all can be as one , before our creator .
please consider continuing in the link and links within 
 http://www.associationofcatholicpriests.ie/2017/10/15-october-28th-sunday-in-ot/#comment-91945 
 kevin your brother 
 in christ
oh fuck the amount of gay people on earth is rising
there are < number > families living in < number > apartments in one building a mexican family a white family and a black family a tornado hits the building one day which family survives the white family because the children are at school and the parents are at work
i hate our society .
sensitive bunch a cunts .
get over it .
< user > < user > seb gorka should be deported for being complicit to treason and spreading white supremacy inciting violence
@realdoodoobrown @starsandstripes 🤣 🤣 🤣 you should try being more creative in trying to hurl insults , somewhat childish and very low iq .
maybe you 're the rascist pos 🤣
when my girlfriend got pregnant , everything changed ... my address , my name , my phone number ...
those illegal children would n't have died if their dumbass illegal parents did n't endanger them in the first place .
how selfish .
yes ... that is just like when evil , unscrupulous traders in the old west gave the american indians blankets ... but infected with smallpox .
yes ... offer free abortions in predominately black or latino neighborhoods to often poor people ... "yes !
free!" ... while all the time there appears to be a hidden agenda .
this story brings up memories watching movies from the nazi era .
the officer likely did what he has been told .
it comes to show that the seeds of hate and bias are very close under the surface .
sad
turns out if u think about it a headset mic is just peak dyke culture so practical and active wearable nerdy tech seized and made sexy
what ’s the difference between and alcoholic and a necrophiliac ?
what they mean when they say they ’re ‘ cracking open a cold one ’
are we going to see letters from hispanics / latinos to la raza or the mexican mafia or m13 ?
blacks to black panthers or crips or bloods or vice lords or gangster disciples ?
it appears that there 's only one problem in the u.s. ?
a bunch of people poked me about some article that was written .
eh .
i do n't really care that much .
get behind transgender , homosexuals , blacks , native indians , hispanics , muslims , 
 jews and defeat trump
i 'm just thinking about how fucked up i m finna be this weekend
< user > ay u insul ma niga raep wel i m gon poz u neg hole u fugin spic
only jesus christ can save .
god bless you all
television remains a vast wasteland .
on everything my best friend live in chicago and i will take that pussy nigga life fucking disgust me 👎 🏾 👎 🏾 👎 🏾
you did n't answer my question .
independent of your personal opinion of comey do you think a president should fire the person investigating them for admittedly investigating them ?
if hillary had won and the email investigation was ongoing and she fired him would you shrug ?
you seem to be just as partisan as you are claiming me to be .
the manning kid served 7 years .
obama did n't pardon her before sentencing without consulting anyone .
nor was it a signal to anyone that he might pardon them as has been speculated about trump 's pardon of arpaio and those being investigated re : russia .
i do n't have a problem with usage of the pardon power when it can be justified .
pardoning a political ally b / c he was " doing his job " is not the framers ' intention .
i used an alarmist example of a presidential power b / c of your inability to defend a more mundane one with anything other than , it 's legal .
i 'm against any first strike use of any non tactical nuclear weapons .
exactly what liberal democrats want .
they must destroy all vestiges of american pride .
more historical dem idiocy < number > ashley judd are equal rights in the constitution < number > rosie o donnell do not fear terrorists they are mothers and fathers < number > sen harry reid on obama light skinned and with no negro dialect gabfam speakfreely chat americans
mindless idiots is trying to enslave good cunservative christians !
i was looking for an exmuslim group/ forum .
found one here .
gab went down for < number > seconds the instant i called out fuentes for being a spic again sorry guys
t r u m p the zionist jew traitor who wants your white children raped by hordes of daca beaner filth the majority of crimes by daca recipients include alien smuggling
jadeja should be a regular player for india .
he 's a great bowler , really good batsman and an amazing fielder !
what ’s the difference between a mexican and a bench ?
a bench can support a family
< user > < user > and white supremacy is a phrase meant to incite racial hatred and violence against white people
stupid hispanics , ruining it for everyone .
your showing your intellect again .
why would anyone go to jail ?
even though there are numerous investigations going on , so far there has been no evidence of collusion found , and even if there is somehow some found , collusion is not a crime !
no one is remotely being accused of any crime , get your facts straight .
speaking to black leaders and hispanic students ( you do n't qualify the women you talk to ) ; why would you exclude white caucasians of either sex from your conversations ?
would it not be considered to be biased by the splc to limit your interactions to racial minorities ?
" dusty artifacts " ? ?
is that what you think history is all about,,,,dusty old artifacts that no one will ever be interested in ?
i see you failed your high school history classes , eh ?
if you notice , i did n't say anything about being accessible , just that what was once a great exhibits on history , has been dumb down by electronic toys .
maybe you think its a great idea , but so will most people who flunk history in high school .
i have lived in mexico for 16 years and yes , it was too hard being surrounded by so many brownies ( mestizos and indigenous ) .
y all voted dyke shorts kyle lowry over derrick rose whoever voted for lowry should be ashamed
a man and woman go to marriage counseling therapist : so you 're considering ending the marriage ?
wife : i am sick of all the star wars puns .
husba < lolface > divorce is strong with this one .
did you hear about a mexican with a mental illness ?
he has borderline personality disorder .
texans pay him an annual salary of < number > he advocates black violence against whites meet professor tommy curry of texas a m gig em aggies
oh , yeah , you used to be a dentist , huh ?
why come here if you hate white people so much ?
funny how everyone wants to come to white nations though is n't it !
i mean mexico for mexicans , india for indians , china for chinese , japan for japanese , me for arabs but white nations for everyone ? ?
your anti white hatred shows ?
why come here if you do n't like music , pork , beer seeing women dressed normal , dogs ?
there is lots of room in the me for you .
oh i know why they come here , it 's for the welfare !
i do miss the old days of european migrants who worked their butts off and made this country great !
built this country , defended this country against that dictator you seem to associate us with .
you are anti white , please leave you are n't good enough for canadian values , why do n't we let smart hardworking latino 's or asians in ?
what do you call a mexican who 's really good at swimming ?
a texan .
i 'm not racist i hate everyone .
i just hate latinos more
and what do the gods to men who grab women 's private parts ?
awkwardness , people calling each other fags if you turned to talk while changing .
there is also the occasional ass beating or for some reason , teabagging .
wishing a happy new year to all slavic brothers and sisters let 's hope this will be a good year for us
excellent if you want to continue the republican strategy of " dumbing down " the us through education going all the way back to reagan .
holy crap , now ocrazio is accusing pelosi of racism .
pelosi brought it upon herself , just like the women wanting equality and they get it in the form of transgender boys jumping into their sports .
they asked for equality they got it .
why are all the minorities good at running ?
the slow ones end up in jail
i was talking about grandparents and other relatives who end up with the kids after interaction with ocs , probably most if not all of the people discussed in this article .
in my experience , drug or alcohol addicted parents do n't let their relatives raise / adopt their kids voluntarily .
how many islam political ideology followers are also animal activists
sitting in a crowd slowly shitting my pants and blaming the retard next to me
" " " i would n't have came here if you did n't post that ugly ass selfie . " "
but you still hit that like button "
good .
fucking religious whack jobs .
why is cocaine white ?
cause it actually works
someone 's already leaked the draft background investigation form team trump is drafting .
there 's only one question .
q : are you white ?
you have to have wrongdoing before you can apply a penalty .
distaste is not enough .
pti must take karachittes out on roads to kick out these inhuman pieces of gutter shit .
url
there ’s something i just do n’t get about the female g spot .
i just ca n’t put my finger on it .
here is the part i do not get sweden drove assange to the embassy because they wanted to pursue a rape prosecution against him yet they look the other way when their native women are savagely raped and brutalized by immigrant animals why
so , according to you , what is the point of christian initiation , by which , according to paul we become the body of christ ?
is it not thanks to this presence of christ in his body the church , that we have the presence of christ in the eucharist ?
( p.s. i took the trouble to check out your ccc references ... i bet you did n't bother to check out my reference to augustine 's sermon 272 )
march for our lives protesters trash streets of d.c .
after gun control march similar to environmental protests compare to conservative dan bake sale that left streets spic and span after < number > gathered in fort collins
it 's only my opinion paul .
look at michigan , if fraud was relevant there then i have no reason to trust the results in california .
i do n't hear anyone blaming russia for michigan .
i 'm not behind the whole birther conspiracy , it 's irrelevant right now , again imo .
propaganda is rampant everywhere and i ca n't stand it anymore than you can , at this point who can we trust in the media .
we already have laws in place to regulate voting , just like we do immigration .
i just wonder why certain individuals in positions of power are choosing to either follow or ignore the laws , do n't we have standards ?
if you 're wondering why immigrants are still able to get jobs without papers , it 's because it 's about work ethic and dedication .
do n't piss on immigrants for " stealing your jobs . "
maybe you should work harder ?
🤷 🏻‍ ♀ ️
the fact that < number > of ypu see my tweets andjust ignore rhem is islamophobia and homophobia
still looking for white people of the same belief to talk to or maybe hang out.stength is in numbers and georgia is getting outnumbered as we speak .
future pickups are going to be either hybrids or bevs .
in many countries trucks will have to be bevs as a result of government regulations .
in other places fleet buyers will be choosing the truck that offers the lowest fuel / energy consumption .
courier companies are already switching to bevs and hybrids .
the german post office has done this after deciding to manufacture their own vehicles .
amazon , ups and other companies are also switching .
the future will not resemble the past .
april ryan is the biggest racist here and cnn gives this bitch a platform
everyone is claiming that the father in law is owed the money because he paid for it .
but maybe in the divorce agreement he was ordered to pay for both policies , because the mother in law contributed to his career with unpaid work in the home , and the policy payment order was a way to compensate her for her work to support the couple and their family .
the policy was payment for her contribution to the marriage , perhaps ?
i do n't really understand the whole mutual insurance policy agreement , but the bottom line seems to be the father has a disagreement with the mother for changing the beneficiary , but for the moment , it 's not the children 's fault or issue , and the money is , and should be , theirs , as given to them by the insurance company .
everyone as access to a rope you moron .
if people want to die it 's fucking simple .
women rarely die from suicide because they 're not serious about it , unless you want to argue that women are just fucking incompetent and ca n't get anything accomplished .
what do you call a building full of mexicans and blacks ?
prison
being bored i threw rocks into the field of brown rice ... it took a couple pained yells for me to realize it was the us border ...
what does the liberal party , pm trudeau or china have to do with an article on pollution ?
nothing !
focus on the issue dude .
bitch bitch bitch .
super bitch
wea df all you saints fans come from 😒 go back to yo faggot ass cowbitches saints won 🤪 🤪 ⚜ ️ ⚜ ️ ⚜ ️ like bitch who are you 😭
they affect minorities the most .
who are the poorest races in the us ?
rt @rihanna : i ai n't got no type ... bad bitches is the only thing that i like
time to pack it in and let the jews win guys some spic who shot up a school had a loose connection to some larping white nationalists
what 's the difference between a refugee and e.t e.t learned english and wanted to go home .
oh shoot !
i go looking all over for where " 80 % of hispanics sat out the election " and now it 's gone .
darn you to heck , mc !
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/projects/cp/opinion/election-night-2016/heres-what-happened-with-the-latino-vote
have not see one episode of game of thrones .. yet it 's a show that clearly has everything i 'm into .. hmm .. mebbie i should start & # 129300 ;
either way you guys do pretty well for having what 35 million people ?
china ca n't get anyone better than yao ming w 2 billion people lmao
hang in there minority !
better to abolish everything to do with the permanent fund and plow the proceeds into preparing alaska to deal with reality !
i would love to consider serious public discourse that considers doing away with the fund and instead investing in developing infrastructure ( more regional ports , airports , etc . )
and services ( less - centralization of acute and critical medical service hubs ) .
lets more - rationally socialize the distribution of benefits to alaskans from this socialist program ! ! !
big gubmint sucks , sure , but so too big money , and all kinds of nightmarish small forms of small gubmint and no gubmint and crooked gubmint .
so there might be hope for us after all ?
editorials like this makes me wish even more for trump of our own in canada .
watching left wing head explode   ...   ooooooooo   ..... aaaaaaaaah .
let 's fight .
you 'll see that this shit is your superior you fucking virgin bitch
lol well they apparently do not like asians as a minority i guess
europe is being invaded by moslem filth the usa by mexican parasites say what you want about the north korean regime but at least they know how to protect their borders
all the creams in europe could not cure my infamous testicle rash that i have had since the 70 ’s
i can not believe cosby raped the reo speedwagon guy
how much money would it take for you to lick a dogs asshole not very much considering you are a wetback
yes , and good luck finding a lawyer that will take the case .
stu·pid 
 ˈst(y)o͞opəd/ 

 16th century : from french stupide or latin stupidus , from stupere ‘ be amazed or stunned . ’
i could smell the liquor , i feel fucking disgusting & # 128567 ;
germany was invaded by niggers and arabs but you make a show to old boomers on river .
worst army in the world , cucks .
i m gon na rt lesbian porn so yea
if every white man who cares about the survival of our race killed as many niggers and kikes as they could before getting arrested or killed the problem would be solved in no time this is what they fear more than anything
ok not only did i report that spic to ✝ ️ president trump 🇺 🇸 i sent a warning for him to make sure the ice deportation team that he sends has far sighted agents go get her since she such an ugly spic facially
" oh boys , would you two faggots stop making so fucking much noise , im trying to sleep ! "
again you are totally wrong with your facts .
you need to get your facts straight .
the year should be 2001 .
further , the terrorists were not from the us but from foreign countries , they came here and high - jacked the airplanes .
they were not living here as residents .
trump is all rhetoric , he does not mean what he says .
his policy statements are filled with inconsistencies and unsupported by economic and common sense principles .
in hawaii we call that " waha " .
he claims that the democrats are pandering for the black and latino votes , yet he is doing it himself .
trumpy is not sincere but evil and one with no integrity .
he denigrated the filipinos and you want to support him ?
he really has no regard for minorities and nonwhites .
you are being foolish .
incels have the best sense of humour 
 we own the ebst sense of humour in the planet otherwise we would be committing suicide
no , lee did not slaughter millions , and truth be told , there were aspects of his character that put most of us to shame .
still , we have to see this through the eyes of black new orleanians .
how would we feel if the chief warrior on the side of our ancestors ' long oppression were presented like a diamond in a beautiful setting ?
the statue of lee , in itself a thing of beauty , becomes grotesque no less than a beautiful statue of a hitler or stalin .
the analogy of lee to them is far from perfect , but close enough .
physical beauty bends to the meaning of the thing .
much as i will miss the statue --- i rarely thought of its meaning , but only of its physical beauty --- it was right to take it down .
< user > wa alaykum essallam yeah lmfao i just said that cuz some ppl think that all arabs are muslims
goys are incapable of thinking .
so basically our troops are just protecting poppy fields .
gab runnng very slow - anyone else got this issue ?
" @cb_baby24 : @white_thunduh alsarabsss " he s a beaner smh you can tell he s a mexican
harvard colorado state american university are the < number > latest colleges to promote anti white agendas and segregation
< user > today < user > brought up a good point they used to be called orientals make asians orientals again maoa
air quality is on the decline from all the illegals shitting their pants after trumps win .
why does n't mexico have an olympic team ?
because all the people that can run , swim or jump are already in the us .
these were federally protected birds .
can the feds prosecute all three , meskar , justice and guiterrez for federal crimes that have nothing to do with kaneshiro , kealoha and the city prosecutor 's office ?
like the hawaii health connector , the oahu rail project , please feds , save hawaii from this travesty of justice .
it does n't matter what school they attended what ethnic background they are or how much money their parents have , justice has not been served in this case .
< user > < user > left pseudo seculars indirectly and the madarsa jihadis they are everywhere watch for them
turns out if u think about it a headset mic is just peak dyke culture so practical and active wearable nerdy tech seized and made sexy
en zo is dar die taqqiya moslim moet gewoon oprottn naar marokko
what i say when people ask me where i see myself in 10 years [ removed ]
that 'll be a one person average per county , and a sub on the bench in case anyone gets injured .
i give the majority of my available shits about ...
< user > happy hanukkah for all jews
dan made me watch into the spider verse the other day and i am literally going to kill all of you for months you have been giving me spidergwen this and spidergwen that but none of you told me about fat stupid peter parker
arrggh barf .... mr. know it all is on his way to becoming pussy repellent with that kind of arrogance .
every woman is different , it 's not a once size fits all scenario when it comes to orgasm .
douche bag
< user > so you are fine with a bunch of muslim men stopping traffic in the middle of a busy new york street to pray to mecca
fuck these whine tit leftist fuck their rock singers fuck their rap stars fuck their child molesting politicians fuck their sympathy for retarded foreigners and bad actors fuck their gay ass sitcoms fuck their lame late night comedians fuck their white hate fuck their patriotic disloyalty
" what lies ? "
trump lies more often than not .
https://www.google.ca/#q=trump+fact+check & *
dr. stevens , have to disagree .
i am glad that you were able to treat that woman and she is apparently doing well today .
but can you say the same for all your patients ?
have all your patients been saved ?
i doubt it .
it still comes down to who should be making these decisions ?
the individual or the government .
i believe the individual should have the final say .
this law should be passed .
fact is very few will actually use it but the comfort that it brings knowing that one has the option , is worth it .
this from a man who libelled ncr , and when i asked him for proof , he bobbed and weaved and obfuscated and blamed me for his refusal to back up his libel .
he also lied about me , and went through a similar song and dance rather than admit to having lied .
rd , you do n't get to ask that question , since you do n't offer proof when it is asked of you .
no papers .
just id if you want to buy a six pack , fly on an airplane , cash a check or vote .
if your a real american and   / or allowed to do those things , it should be no problem at all .
the id can easily fit where you keep your cash and or credit cards .
if your in america illegally , are a felon , are under age --- it may be a problem for you .
if those apply --- good .
how often do we vote in federal , state , and muni elections ?
once a year or less ?
unless your cheating , it should n't be a problem at all to carry id at those times .
and if you died , it 's time to stop voting as well --- though many do n't .
ask washington state --- they can tell you all about it .
many keep collecting checks after the person who 's name on the check has passed .
demanding proper id may stop that too .
if hillary did bad , then nail her too .
but all you do is keep saying she did bad but no indictment or anything .
what is republican controlled dc waiting for if it 's clear   she did   something wrong and criminal ?
i say you are full of $ het ! ! !
we can not call people faggots or do asian accents anymore that all we have got the only two kinds of comedy
that s what she get for merrying a lowlife dirtbag edomite trash ..... lost is justice for stabbing her black community in the back ...... just like tiger woods oj simpson charles black trash barkley and the rest of those who merry white trash women and nasty white kkk and nazi men ..... i have no feelings to what happens to you for merrying outside your race ..... and ill do the same if my son or daughters do the disgusting white thing .... i teach mines to stay with your own rather its black latnios or native americans .... negro must stay with in the the tribes .... not easu the devil ....
" take action in teaching traditions of ahlulbayt ع to your children before the corrupted persons precede in corrupting them . " _ _
imam sadiq ع url
< user > < user > < user > omg they actually said that shit disgusting and they get mad when you call them white supremacists
< user > common for trump groupies rt < user > nigger sand nigger all the same oh yea wetbacks too
white nationalist ideas have no place in civil society .
but black nationalist ideas , and hispanic nationalist ideas , well , that 's different .
they get a pass .
i understand that one third ( 33 % ) of canadian are from ontario .
the survey you refer to says that some 804 out of 5404 of people surveyed were from ontario ; that is 14.87 % .
quite a discrepancy .
could it be that the people who took the survey are the sambas those who predicted an hillary clinton victory or a little further back in time a victory for the wild rose party in alberta !
hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children .
i 've seen on the web he is making a new horror film called ` ` it waits '' but ca nt find that much about it
the belief of the right to free speech now officially belongs to conservatives .
it 's both sad and understandable that we must remind liberals of their supposed fundamental belief of free speech , and defend what is now officially a conservative tenant .
berkeley 's mindset and actions- which are the very definition of fascism- strikes at the heart of what is wrong with both leftist academia and with the leftist platform of entitlement , safe spaces , and political correctness .
.
whether it 's howard dean lyingly stating that hate speech is not protected under the constitution ( in fact it is protected , what is not protected are threats ) or leftist celebrities supporting the suppression of views and beliefs contrary to their own , it is clear this modern - day book burning is why our conservative and libertarian values are needed more than ever .
i like how mexicans just call all asians chino very efficient saves time
< user > < user > they sound like they are islamic
why is affirmative action fair ?
as an asian , why do i have to work twice as hard to get to the same place as a black or latino person ?
or for colleges , if the people who applied , the most qualified candidates are asian or white the school must reject applicants who meet standards for someone less qualified just because they are black ?
i 'm happily married to my wife and a few people know i 'm bisexual , not everyone needs to know because it 's a moot point .
i stand up for lgbt rights and go on my way .
i imagine someday more people will know , but i 'm in no hurry to make it that way .
so am i , i 'll let them sit there for days before i reply , even if i ' m hanging out here .
now you are getting it .
being lorded over by squatamalens and negresses is okay as long as they are from middle america
thank you for your feedback .
" pepsi had to pull there latest ad because treating police officers like human beings is " " racist " " ?
smh "
as a fellow mexican / colombian apart of the latino / latina / latinx community i do nt want this puta and she is not accepted in my community , i 'm passing this bitch onto the north pole and the polar bears can eat her dumbass
incels are annoying and dumb but it is just as bad
they 're more than welcome to take their brain dead asses back to their shithole country .
at dss this shit really ghetto asf i m uncomfortable 😣
misgendered and is my discernment blunted by steroids omg
congrats europe .
this is the first time in your 2000 history that you let yourself be invaded by militant islam from within no less .
great job .
url
it would have been good to have had a comparison with a salaried family for comparison purposes .
the article was otherwise good but some of the assumptions were wonky .
for instance .
families 3 and 4 could take advantage of rrsp limits by taking some of the dividends as salary .
no ur not baby ur a fat fucking retard
for all those who want to discuss or debate with me you shall uphold the ethics of a conversation or find yourself discredited for internet violence and your argument is automatically nullified muted yes i am the smartest being in the universe deal with it
what is black and is stuck to a ceiling ?
a not very good electrician .
hey and if you ever experience a lawsuit from the negro hispanic jews claiming you are racist , simply make an example of the hundreds of negro mexican schools that deny white children .
trump has used his camp david vacation as a stage for fake photo ops , sitting by himself with a blank notepad pretending to be ' in a meeting ' , 

 ... he 's   simply posing for product placement ads for hats he sells for $ 40 per hat ,  

 ... two days in a row now ... 

 he 's in fake meetings by himself at camp david while those working on aid for the flooding are back at the white house .
swear these niggas some females now
i am so sick of apologizing for being white .
til a cdc study claims more men are victims of partner abuse than women : todayilearned
him : : hey what are you ?
me : : if you mean what nationality i am , i 'm mexican him : : there 's nothing wrong with that , as long as you parents are n't gardeners me : : him : : i 'm just kidding ...... you're sensitive about race !
i was pissed off .
too bad you political drones and tree hungers do n't have a real life , maybe u could have some fun like all these 500 + had , which would have included me if i 'd only known .
it 's on next years calendar now .
i do n't give a rats a-- about your dull life !
there are biologically two genders irrespective of what people identify as .
sometimes nature goes a little of course but even so those people are still made up of male and female parts .
how many genders people identify as is irrelevant to the fact that factually there 's only two genders .
like ppl on there seem to fucking froth at the mouth when a chance arises to tear down an indie artist , especially women , especially lgbtq
< user > < user > unfortunately not there so many draculas that a few fell through the cracks of the coffin
< user > fuck y ’ all white bitch add niggas on god
[ another day , another " actually , black people are supposed to be nice to people who want to kill them .
"](url is it a coincidence that people who think people should be nice to nazis also believe that " the left " calls everyone nazis ?
spoiler : there is not .
friggin ' awesome .
sounds like a smart guy .
hopefully the " stupid " of the racists did n't rub off on him .
racism is an excuse of one 's own weaknesses .
grow a pair .
my ex 's nephew ( ex - cop , mexican ) accidentally included me ( wasp ) in a group email where he was spouting off america should deport all muslims .
i replied ( to all ) heck yeah , and next we should start sending all of the mexicans back to mexico .
he did n't like that too much ... lol ...
yeah cuz haitians are too fucking retarded to utilize resources themselves they were not too stupid to kill every white man woman and child once though after raping the women of course and we still show up with aid for those sub humans pretty dumb of us if you ask me
welcome to boomer history < number > where all you do is share fancy pictures the young people make repeat whatever retarded shit you heard pre internet never fact checked since
" " " going into the second half of the season , it ’s pointless to keep skewering the show for its clashing story points . " "
is n't that your job ? "
@aoc @kboivi07 these filthy foreigners all need to be deported !
i used to break into the girls dorm and try to eat pussy and i 'm the bad guy ?
i 'm trying to make these ladies feel wonderful .
by god in this case francis means the priest that raped the man when he was a child
racially heterogeneous states are neither possible without conflict , nor are they desirable .
just so we 're clear : if you 're not cool with trans folks , including nb folks , we 're not cool
every hispanic i have known is terrified of dogs and do n't like cats either .
" ... all dis over ... " trying to set up a person under the guise of stealing a mailbox .
it goes so much deeper ...
it is far past time to stop bringing up past politicians ' behavior to excuse trump 's crude , reprehensible conduct .
we could as well talk about george wallace and his fight for segregated schools ; he certainly thought he had the right to do it .
the country has grown up some , and we 're trying to get smarter in our treatment of all people .
it is n't only trump 's demeanor towards and contempt for women , but his infatuation with foreign dictators and their methods , which should send us running away from him .
v. putin wants to conquer and rule the united states , and trump is willing to help him , for a handful of coins .
kristin kelly has been working collaboratively on affordable housing , transportation and public health issues long before sam low was on the council .
kristin is a coalition builder and has proven her ability to bring together hundreds of people and important stakeholders on important issues that affect snohomish county residents ' quality of life , not just with land use and our environment , but in social equity , affordable housing , public health , food safety , our children 's future , and fairness .
she formed the livable snohomish county coalition bringing neighborhood groups together to meet and communicate with each other on important county issues , and hosted 5 summits on a variety of issues .
she is well - respected by other leaders in our community , by the tribes , by farmers , by hard - working people who want to protect air and water quality for their kids !
she has helped my group and other groups throughout snohomish county .
i encourage you to visit her website at www.kellyforcouncil.info
i 'm 63 and white .
i could not agree with you more .
where did you get the dumb idea that only latinos are able to avail themselves of the fund ?
have you been tweeting with trump ?
these sub humans are out of control hey civic nationalists you think you will have our constitution when we are a minority it already dead with these nip kike nigger spic etc judges
i m an irish n.s skin , i d like to hear from any skin or nonskin n.s girls from around the world !
88 ...
mamma mia the coming out part was for himself .
this was a story meant to show what it 's like being gay in a community that frowns upon it .
also it 's a charity promoter for suicidal people
you need to come back when you have it all done .
gay boy was my father 's name .
please , call me pickle nick
too msny dsmn ppl in one state with any luck cali will go in the ocean that 'll clean that state up them it can rebuild minus the illegals
really ?
let 's check back in a couple of years .
this was all for " our " manipulation !
san jose has a large hispanic community and trump wanted this confrontation to show voters how " mexicans " are dangerous .
then the true thugs showed up !
many professionals make life and death decisions : fire fighters , police , soldiers , ems workers .
the difference between doctors and these folks is that doctors generally make more money than these folks and under the old rules , doctors pay less in taxes that these folks .
if you want to pay doctors more , then do it honestly and pay them more , do n't tax them less .
that is just unfair .
i would n't urinate on trump if he were on fire , and most likely he does harbor the passive racism of our culture .
but as far as this campaign goes , what he said in regard to illegal aliens is spot - on , and echoed by every mexican national and legal immigrant i know ( which are many ) .
they 'll flat tell you the ones hopping the border are the scum of latin society , and they 're glad to see them go .
his ideas on " banning " muslims are ridiculous and unconstitutional , but , islam is an ideology , not a race .
it 's a repugnant ideology at odds with our way of life and human rights in general , but people have a right to their superstitions in this country .
we 'll just have to do with those practicing it as prescribed by the founder on a case - by - case basis .
< user > < user > < user > to what the israeli government does they are so wrong and even gal has spoken up against netanyahu anti arab racism but even poc could uphold white supremacy while still being targeted by white supremacists many non white latinx jews arabs etc can uphold white supremacy
considering this is stormfront i 'd say we are all in agreement that we highly prefer white children to anything else ....
looking to exchange nudes with anybody .
m / f / etc snap : tyroned396
pinkerton security guards used rock salt in shotguns on trespassers in ohio , they shot a neighbor of mine with it during the mid 1970 's .
sad how we teach girls how to not get raped do not walk at night carry pepper spray do not trust strangers instead of teaching boys how not to rape respect women and understand concent gender forum
if people are 70 % water and i walk on top of people that mean i m 100 % going to jail
diversity is our greatest weakness
tyt : we need to hold the mainstream media accountable also tyt : trans women have the right to choose !
it 's body it 's choice
i have a misogynistic / racist uncle ... ( not blood related ) who hit on me at two funerals .
i 'm so glad to hear about your not inviting the racist grandma .
please quit crying and get an idea of where new wealth comes from ....
himanshu purohit go and bend over and let the white man fuck you in the arse you fucking pussy .
the umpire can not be disrespected .
you are a typical inferior complex dipshit
a black , a mexican , and a muslim are in a car .
who is driving ?
the police .
they letting this nigga kuzma do what he want
i live and work in atlanta , we have " black flight " .
i have co - workers and neighbors who have moved to my neighborhood to get away from urban decay , and fewer young black men on the streets .
i have also met folks who have moved to atlanta to get away from baltimore , philadelphia , chicago , because of dysfunctional neighborhoods .
but they really do not want to talk about it in terms of policing , what many blacks , whites , and hispanics will do is just say " hey i am not like those lowlifes , getting out of here " .
unknown artist describing jihad islam
oh look another occult remote viewing nazi with a crystal ball who believes he sees all knows all 🔮 please report back to your room for your thorazine treatment 🚫 muted 🙊
racists , wicked apartheid architects , spies , judges&the media are eating adv mkhwebane alive & we are all watching 👀 they did the same to winnie , hani , biko , zuma , moyane , jiba , molefe , koko etc they are destroying our black professionals one after another let 's do something about this ✊ 🏿 url
@diegoeloso95 send him to mexico so they can give him to the cartels .
i 'm sure they 'd kill him slowly and painfully just like he deserves :)
let 's see if we can now make a difference and stop giving away everything the workers have been building !
i 've been frustrated to see my tax $ $ $ be wasted and given away - spending $ $ without accountability .
i 'm excited , i 'm inspired .
now let 's hope i 'm not disappointed like the dems were after 8 years of decline .
mexico will crack down on their southern border and deport these people .
they have no choice
as an actual jew , fuck you and fuck israel .
go back to your lds boards , you fucking poser .
bent over with a big black dick in her asshole .
she s hot , but she s nothing special , i used to fuck a girl who looked just like her , was weird like her too , but oh my that girl was a cunt , she got so nasty when i did nt do exactly what she wanted , i fucked that bitch off quicker than trump deports immigrants
trump has used his camp david vacation as a stage for fake photo ops , sitting by himself with a blank notepad pretending to be ' in a meeting ' , 

 ... he 's   simply posing for product placement ads for hats he sells for $ 40 per hat ,  

 ... two days in a row now ... 

 he 's in fake meetings by himself at camp david while those working on aid for the flooding are back at the white house .
what do you get when a black guy knocks up a mexican woman ?
3/5 of a kid that 's to lazy to steal .
< user > < user > well yeah law of averages dictates that something like that would occur more often than not however the rallies are full of white people of course i am not calling them white supremacists i do not know them
me : : i 'd like to go to the c - town [ food market ] , does the shuttle go downtown ?
shuttle driver : : the service does n't go down there , it 's too dangerous , and i 'll tell you why : there are lots of hispanics , and they 're really rude .
shuttle service is supposed to extend within 2 - 3 miles of campus .
onboard a college shuttle service bus .
i felt invisible .
i 'm cuban - american .
my advice is keep with it it 's better to know it and never have to use it , then to need to use it and not know it !
“ drivers actually will drive by you in the same lane , within inches , as if challenging you for your spot on the road , ” meislahn said .
motorists that do that want to pretend that bicyclists do n't exist .
steering the wheel or momentarily removing the foot from the accelerator taint the driving experience .
to justify their bad behavior , bad apple motorists characterize bicyclists as incorrigible scofflaws .
denial .
river .
egypt .
at what age does one become " over the hill " 🌄 ?
well done at least someone is getting off their arse and taking action rather then sitting behind a computer being a cyber warrior.i hope others will follow suit
him : : hey what are you ?
me : : if you mean what nationality i am , i 'm mexican him : : there 's nothing wrong with that , as long as you parents are n't gardeners me : : him : : i 'm just kidding ...... you're sensitive about race !
i was pissed off .
march for our lives protesters trash streets of d.c .
after gun control march similar to environmental protests compare to conservative dan bake sale that left streets spic and span after < number > gathered in fort collins
they call it ' dysphoria ' ---folks tend to kill themselves if its not treated right now , letting folks be trans is the treatment i think its caused by chemicals in our environment which disrupt the endocrine system , but nobody really knows what makes folks trans .
main thing is , there 's only gon na be more of them and they do n't care what some little punk in high school thinks , so fuck off , you stupid fucking pussy
< user > < user > some might say it somewhat flippant to compare such an incident to the extermination of < number > million jews
maybe because most of the laws ( especially in this state ) are anti - conservative christian .
plus , we are not the only ones .
how about prayer rooms for muslims ?
kim starved 2 million .
classy ?
dismantle her piece by piece , set fire to her soul & amp ; lovingly reassemble her as she asks you to do it all over again
omg !
i have n't seen so many sluts in one place at the same time !
🍬 sex dating ➡ url 🔱 url
oh my god !
calm people calm !
no ... business people are not necessarily " tax cheats"although they have greater opportunity to cheat than the employee who has tax deducted at source , but if you are using legal tax breaks in a way that was unintended that has the effect of lowering your taxes in a way that does not enhance your business then you are using a loophole that is going to be closed in order to make your level of taxation somewhat comparable to any other working canadian .
if everyone paid what was legal and due , then it does help " the middle class " and everyone else .
terrorism is a religious phenomena .
anti - terrorist activities do not address the problem , they simply try to cope with the barbaric results of right wing extremism .
without addressing the source little to no progress will be made .
read the bible and the koran and you will find that they are filled with hate speech .
this is the well spring from which the far right derives its justification for heinous acts of violence .
unfortunately in west religion is protected and untouchable .
terrorists are tolerated and condoned behind the walls of churches , mosques and temples around the world .
why is ca the melting pot of america it is so hard to fine people that have the same views on our white race as i have ?
everything about america comes from other countries ' cultures b / c a bunch of immigrants came when america had a tiny ass population .
stopping that when brown & black people come is inherently racist when immigrants were ok with slavery as the only way for brown people to enter url
" .. several pregnant women were denied bathroom breaks .. " " .. amazon says that they took into consideration and allowed extra breaks for pregnant women .. " these paraphrases offer interesting insight into the " gender pay gap " phenomenon .
pregnancy is among the top , if not the priamry , reason there appears to be a gender pay gap .
a small study recently revealed that trans women ( man to woman ) do n't suffer the same gap .
curious no ?
speakfreely gabfam news i am sorry but someone needs to bitch slap jillstein and then bitch slap everyone or the one who has donated to her cause we the people have a president and it is trump presidenttump
13 reasons why reminds me how wack ppl were in high school smh we was really worried about the wrong things
so i made a post about my ex being beaten i made racist remarks about white people that were really insulting .
apparently americans call it child abuse .
agree .
i would n't be surprised if the average canadian has a picture of jt on their mantle , next to ( if not in front of ) their family pictures .
diligently dusting it every day and making sure it 's arranged just right .
the only faint hope for is a split vote on the left .
< user > ackshully all arabs are white and islam is technically white imperialism
the somalian immigrant worries about his gibs what little amount of worry his puny frontal lobes allow him to have since he is literally unable to think of the future as he assaults the respectable hard working white people whose taxes will pay for his generous gibs
nothin in da - rules about busting a fat nut in your thicc mom ! #
nsfw url
teilhard de chardin represents a very small school of thought verging on heresy .
the big bang theory in no way invalidates the truth genesis proclaims .
it tells us who created the universe , what creation was intended to be like , how it went wrong through man 's disobedience and the consequences of that disobedience .
it is not a scientific explanation .
what about a situation where i 'm at a public shooting range and another shooter admires my custom made gun so i offer her a chance to fire it while i go to the bathroom ?
there is no intent to commit a crime but she 'd be in possession of a firearm for which she is not licensed .
what about temporary storage of firearms by a friend , necessitated by an emotionally unstable individual who lives in a home with someone who keeps firearms for which he or she is licensed ?
how would you account for instances such as what i describe ?
as to common sense being the best thing , the problem with that is what 's common sense to you may not be common sense to others .
you just lost your money .
another white republican like the walmart shooter who targeted hispanics for being hispanic in public .
@caityflowers _ we 'll see if your dick suckers can talk all that shit when i see you lol you know what is it and ai n't with me lol .
weird ass bitch
so that 's what justifies stealing the pfd from the people ?
you 're calling us the ' give me ' generation , yet you seem to condone ' giving away ' our tax royalties to the billionaire oil companies .
of all the oil states in the world , we get the least return on our investment and it seems to me that we have gotten the most corruption .
the norway model would have been awesome , yet ' les sigh ' we are trapped by lobbyists who sway our elected representatives to look the other way and sometimes give away our just due .
too long to put in the title mexico does n't have any olympic mwdals because all the fastest runners , swimmers and jumpers are in america .
( mobile ) 
 ( no actual harm or offense intended )
i do not understand why people argue here you know the enemy you do not need to explain it you do not have to debate them the enemy are kikes niggers and muzzos deal with these shit stains first then deal with the race traitors
that was just a photo look up rhyan moody she was killed on thanksgiving by an illegal spic
i ai n't scared of an ice agent and i ai n't scared of no illegals i had half my face cut off by a group of illegals because they were drunk driving you want to f * * * * * * go there believe me i will not back down from anybody or anything they do n't belong in my fuckin countryi know anybody who supports these f * * * * * * piece of s * * * f * * * * * * should be thrown out with them
what 's the difference between e.t. and a mexican ?
e.t. never smuggled any drugs while illegally entering america .
< user > god speed to whoever has to interview him
on the prairies they call this tuesday .
i hope your prius starts .
.@michaelaubele @steelersdepot 05 sb .
getting ike in 4th + parker undrafted ?
a no .
1 & amp ; no.1 back while still hitting on top picks = champion
so what you 're saying is , white peoples also have ebt and medicaid ? ? ?
i think you 're right , trumpers thought it was a black and latino thing ... #maga
we should pay for women to have them any white slut knocked up by a nigger spic mud negresses should be paid triple
# jordan : officials have waived work permit requirements for non - citizen children of jordanian mothers .
read more here : url # globalmobility # immigration # humanresources url
what do you get when you cross a black and a mexican someone who to lazy to steal hear about the retarded gang member he d tag chain link fences with graffiti
i agree , i add one thing , the concept of " will of the people " is pure mystical bunkum .
rational people have different priorities .
aggregating them them to come up with a determination of the general will is mathematically impossible , as ken arrow 's " impossibility theorem " proves .
the " will of the people " only becomes " real " when authoritarian leaders manage to sweep the people in   identifying his will as theirs .
< user > this people are jihadi
reagan tax cuts exploded growth .
obama 's liberal policies destroyed growth .
facts are stubborn things .
look at venezuela if you want to see how socialism ends
why are all these hispanics desperate to come to the us ?
because they ruined all their home countries over time .
< user > i am not saying you are wrong but lesbians are a bit boring to me
let me guess a white guy gunning down latinos ?
like they were whipped up about a story about an antifa revolution ?
more to come before saturday , the right wing is preparing for civil war based on fake news .
deport him when he arrives
i feel sorry for mexican and asian niggas , they got the worse shaped bitches on earth .
nobody wants to see president trump vs the rock in 2020 but the people does deserve this great epic rematch of all time wait for it .........................
i was happy to see only whites in that movie , though there could ' ve been a few jews or half jews there but i would n't know .
me 🤝 looking like a dyke every day
stfu obviously trans people are n't retarded
what does the men 's rights movement think of transgender men ?
< user > them white folks was pissed 🤣
there 's so many black women killing it in the music industry right now , and most importantly they 're supporting each other .
a beautiful thing to watch .
my best mate has this problem and it makes me sad its like he is scared but i ca nt do anything the more i go on with it the more he gets sick of it .
so i think do nt force it on them that may turn them away however hard it is to sit there and listen to them say ` ` i do nt care ''
a serious question for the girls 
 how important is it for your boyfriend / husband to be university educated ?
they did report on the clusterpup of a city hall fiasco ... repeatedly .
the park issue was covered in one story but that is just one of many city of eugene small ( < $ 1 m ) kokups .
if want to see the level of shame , regret and hate within the gay mob , just try criticizing their behavior in any degree .
these people are slaves to their worst impulses and you wo n't be spared .
what do you mean you do n't like takis ( mexican chip - like snack ) ? !
it 's like being mexican and not liking beans !
nowadays are hipsters and millennials different from each other or are they fusioned together dragon ball z style ?
" ... budget will include a host of measures specifically aimed at improving the lives of women , including a plan to fund new child - care spaces " 

 as a woman , i 'm offended that child care concerns are still considered a " woman 's issue " .
who else wants to beat the shit out of this wetback bitch
with no feminism or lgbthsghdjdgsvxhdbullshit this is going to be a success .
either way you guys do pretty well for having what 35 million people ?
china ca n't get anyone better than yao ming w 2 billion people lmao
i am not apart of the black community my community is the circle i have created comprised of people i love and respect i was raised around my black relatives but not ghetto black culture there is a huge difference between marvin gaye and snopp dog
i have a misogynistic / racist uncle ... ( not blood related ) who hit on me at two funerals .
i 'm so glad to hear about your not inviting the racist grandma .
sorry , i ca n't hear you over the sounds of the mexicans i m slaughrering
this is why no man is a misogynist if he demands that condoms be used , that he retain sole control of those condoms prior to and after sex , and that he takes the used condoms with him or disposes of them in the manner he sees fit .
women have many options for temporary birth control .
men have * * one * * and they need to be careful with it lest they get trapped by someone they 're supposed to be able to trust .
no man should ever be strong - armed with exhortations to just trust their partner .
too much is on the line .
what are you doing here ?
awfully coincidental that a loner white man openly expressed hatred for hispanics & then the only people he shoots end up being hispanic .
rip poor innocent victims of americans penchant for stupid gun violence .
i am offended because nigger faggot kike spic chink gook cracker
until nigerians obey the command in the first 3 words in nigeria 's anthem ... the dictator in aso rock will one day , evict you from your home for having sex with your partner & accuse you of using a wrong sex position .
arise o compatriots , arise ! #
aitundersiege
reasons why i hate living in the dorms : the 18 yr old boys on my floor think it 's cute to yell penis as loud as they can
fuck my cock
mansfield i love how you just hang your racism out like that .... as i 've said before , racism is alive and well in america , and its home is on the left ... 🇺 🇸 trump 2020 🇺 🇸 ! ! !
from my perspective , what you present is correct and the prevailing issue in our shortage of priests .
yet there are other , lesser , issues involved as well , no ?
the current crop of bishops that are the powers - that - be in the vatican are all products of the monarchal church and of the specific european type ( no matter where they are originally from ) .
the vatican is roman and so are all who is takes in .
and , unfortunately , so are the " successors in waiting . "
the culture of the vatican is the major impediment to the retention of and attraction of new catholics because it stuck in previous centuries .
ok , since you are opposed to apds tactics , can you please share a detailed description of how apd should have responded ?
to be honest i feel like they did what they needed to do to protect the lives of the officers and they also gave him a substantial amount of time to come out .
two and a half days in fact .
however , i also feel like our country is at a point where we ca n't resolve issues if we are not willing to hear the other side .
so feel free to share you idea of a response to mentally ill people who are potentially posing a threat .
all i ask is that you , in return , give me an opertunity to respond civilly if there are parts i disagree with .
i also ask that if i do have parts i disagree with , you must calmly hear and consider my perspective with an open mind before responding back .
deal ?
it 's almost hard to believe the shayateen were locked away this ramadan with the way some of you were acting .
is too heavy ! ! ! !
eye cream is not re - packaged heavy moisturizer ! ! !
not everything in the goddamn world is a gimmick ! ! ! !
< user > if we avoid the brown mutt path i think humanity has to speciate the west and asians are too far ahead of the others you will always end up with a high level of segregation and discord mixing the lower populations and the gap is only accelerating
when an ex fbi employee tells you he does n't believe a damn thing they say anymore , you know it 's bad .
@ballandthecity @_babsj @rebekahvardy surely her point is equality for everyone ?
equality is nt just for one gender , religion or ethnicity .
think that was her point
totally serious question : are you ok with black women dating white men ?
we just had a discussion about this at work how " racism " is easy to be against , but there is usually an issue for each person they have a problem with . "
interracial dating " ( especially one of their family ) was an issue for a couple people .
notice the < number > he is part of a salvadoran drug gang or he is a shitty white supremacist who can not get the < number > tattoo correct
india always in her feelings 🙄
in today 's news report white people if you have n't robbed everyone blind you missed your opportunity because the snow has melted so there is no more camouflage
according to the self - styled progressives , all cultures are equal .
consequently , this is not a problem .
indeed , is n't it racist to even write about the topic ?
ors , 
  trumpet 's bootlicking putin is not what most patriots would label as " standing up for our country " .
putin ate trumpet 's lunch   and beautiful chocolate cake too .
i definitely agree with this , i am a bi girl who has a for sure preference for girls .
however , it 's very hard for me to find other queer girls that i 'm interested in , but i have found myself being hit on by guys frequently which would give me the option to date them ( if i wanted to . )
amazon must refund up to $ 70 million to parents for in - app purchases made by kids https://t.co/2hlevyjadd
@phreshagu_25 yeah you right and you know them mexicans bringing all they family that hoe finna be packed
no , it 's you who 's been thoroughly discredited here .
you either do n't understand what you 're looking at or purposely misrepresent it .
either way , you 've been owned .
blacks do commit more homicides as a raw number than whites , even with hispanic / latinos factored into the " white " category , and a vastly disproportionate amount per capita .
i 've already linked to the data , you can keep your head in the sand and cry " racism ! "
all you want , but you 're done here .
i suspect it because if we tried to shut down left wing speakers with violence the laws against assault and intimidation would actually be enforced against us
cantwell is actually talking to federal agents and nehlen has a spic wife so what you are saying does not make sense the only reason i think you could be saying these things is if you are a subverter yourself
james brown !
the black ceasar soundtrack !
those that know , do n't tell and those that tell , do n't know .
shhh
according to the self - styled progressives , all cultures are equal .
consequently , this is not a problem .
indeed , is n't it racist to even write about the topic ?
time to give puerto rico .. independence ... its embarrassing,,,typical hispanic chithole
so we 're saving the poor , huddled masses by graciously allowing them to mow our lawns ?
as an american of hispanic descent ( with a college degree and a career path that pays upwards of $ 90k per year ) i find that condescending and insulting .
i 'm sure it warms the cockles of your heart to feel like you have helped the poor mexican immigrant , but mow your own damn lawn .
surely got ta be more than that .
town to town you see minority whites . -
if whites are supposed to be at least 70million - its a very hard way of showing it
well , there is n't anything now or on the horizon that would tell us things will be better than what it looks like today .
in fact , as this is all being sorted out , it does look worse than a first glimpse had us believe .
as pro - trump supporters and voters will come to see , as their parents and their own social security is threatened and payments lessened , as access to health care is restricted and costs increase further , as the 1 % get richer and morph into the top .5 % , as racial discrimination and open backlash against persons who are lgbtq or muslim citizens or aged or black or asian increases and is splashed across our evening news reports and social media , and as washington become the retirement community for every conservative elected official in a second career of senator or congresspersons , then , maybe , they will begin - just begin - to wonder if somehow they may have made a mistake ..... but never admit it .
go back to your third world shithole bitch
its a fascist theolgical autocracy .
no one gives a shit about reproduction , they re probably gearing up to annex hawaii and alaska in a few years , then invade mexico , then canada .
they do nt even try to clean topsoil in the colonies efficiently , they re like the nazis and ca nt even use slave labor effectively .
if they need more people / slavew they ll probably take the easy path and start kidnapping them from their neighbors .
this why i hate these dykes 😂 😂 😂
how do you suppose we locate all these 11million illegals .
set up a stand at the grocery store ?
stop anyone who looks latino and ask for their papers .
that 's a problem that i 'm certain trump has n't thought about .
< user > < user > fred could nt renew his mind enough god almighty snapped his neck without violence u want do that again
> both may or may not have involved racism the racial abuse this cunt was shouting might be a clue .
when i met my nigga he was nt clean cut but he was still fine baby this nigga lined himself up the other day and almost got mf raped
do n't twist the doorknob !
hee hee !
stop running around like a little bitch
average white iq < number > average asian iq < number > average african iq < number > nigger they are of inferior stock as they would say in the old days why you would mix with a spic unless this is some kind of pillaging operation is beyond me
deposit some nut in her    # tgirl # ts # tranny # anal # cum # creampie # cumshot   # trannies # shemale # tgirls # ladyboy # trans500 # shemales   # bigbooty # fatass url
breed and feed a faggot !
the best sex of your life .
url
although it sounds like too much voter i d should be looked into with a different reasoning the illegal immigrants have no right to vote for that matter they also have no rights that citizens have some way of stopping them from voting till they are deported or nationalized
forever having horrible trust and overthinking issues and putting myself in a shitty mood .
this is a sad situation for ahmad 's family .
good post - well said .
ok , since you are opposed to apds tactics , can you please share a detailed description of how apd should have responded ?
to be honest i feel like they did what they needed to do to protect the lives of the officers and they also gave him a substantial amount of time to come out .
two and a half days in fact .
however , i also feel like our country is at a point where we ca n't resolve issues if we are not willing to hear the other side .
so feel free to share you idea of a response to mentally ill people who are potentially posing a threat .
all i ask is that you , in return , give me an opertunity to respond civilly if there are parts i disagree with .
i also ask that if i do have parts i disagree with , you must calmly hear and consider my perspective with an open mind before responding back .
deal ?
my sister is very religious and waited until marriage .
she just celebrated her 5 year anniversary .
she knew when i lost my virginity at 16 and never judged me .
i had a baby that was fatherless last year and she is a proud aunt .
she also attended her lesbian friend from high schools wedding last year .
i wish more religious people were like that
you 'd have to have some type of brain injury to publicly write and share a letter celebrating a known racist
blacks own dogs cuz they miss capturing prisoners and forcing them to fight or selling them to white people hispanics own dogs so they can feel what the spanish felt when them came over and conquered them all and white people may not miss owning slaves ... but the dna within them sure as hell does /s for any nephews that ca n't detect it
if this what " waiting " on a nigga in jail feel like ion want no parts .
boy fuck you , mama got ta have a life too 😂
< user > i know she goin bout how long is she really gone be in that hoe white time and black time different
then the mexican bitch wanna speak some other fuckin language & amp ; then give attitude .
ca n't speak right ass !
tf
via the hrc : maine gov. janet mills signs legislation protecting lgbtq youth from " conversion therapy " url
reminder : trp is basically blue pill trash just reworded ...
that 's no excuse for stealing other people 's technology and research and intellectual property you 're all a bunch of human cockroaches is what you are and your food is disgusting on top of that you assholes will eat anything to the point where you 'll make any creature go extinct because of your fucking appetites you chinks are determined to eat every pangolin until they are all wiped off the earth
guys , shoot that bitch .
television remains a vast wasteland .
omg i would love to be your cock polishing slave as you pushed my head down to deep throat that giant black cock and humiliated and degraded me and my pathetic little white cock .
white men are definitely made to suck on black men , real men 's cocks , and to let them stuff their enormous cock heads and shafts into our assholes , tearing us up and leaving us with a gaping hole full of cum and it 's best if there 's a line of them so they can fuck me one after the other and use the last guys cum as lube .
any blacks in central mass hit me up asap
@chic_savage @csinut1 # shame # shameful # disgraceful god created male and female , that 's it , anything else is from the # devil .
my mother literally gets off on my suffering 
 whenever i 'm unhappy she 's happy , whenever i 'm happy she 's insufferable .
there used to be around 20 dcs in the metro area alone , now with 17 in the state , that 's a telling sign about the decrease in print circulation .
dry creek , parker , mississippi , yale , oakland , smith rd , norwood , oxford , valencia , quebec , asbury , bryant , grove ( ? -
close to federal ) , parfet , violet , jewell , marshall , huron , eastman , teller , quincy & several more .
just in the city .
just for the post .
@theladygamer if you got ta shout u a bad bitch ... u ai n't a bad bitch & # 128524 ;
all of the blood spilled in all of the wars and they want to hand the car keys over to illegal mexicans ghetto rats and gender fluid leftists
another huge seagull rant .
if i have to travel , i 'll backpack it .
or you know how other groups have black only or spic only white only
messy soft punk boyfriend ready to choke on your cute cock 🐾 👻 url
how is keeping schools open going to do ‘ more harm than good ’ this is a fucking pisstake
him : : hey what are you ?
me : : if you mean what nationality i am , i 'm mexican him : : there 's nothing wrong with that , as long as you parents are n't gardeners me : : him : : i 'm just kidding ...... you're sensitive about race !
i was pissed off .
do adjectives escape you ?
it 's radical muslims and illegal mexicans .
see how the adjectives make the difference to an educated mind ?
obfuscating the truth by refusing to be specific is both disingenuous and dishonest .
has anybody seen sample tests ?
why would these tests be so extraordinary as to have that large a fail rate ?
are they really that difficult ?
it is awful look at world demographics asians are fucking everywhere another betrayal white genocide is real
i ’m torn on masturbation on one hand , it feels good
william randolph hearst is the reason marijuana is illegal today he owned newspapers and timberland in n carolina decordecator came out around this time so he printed in his papers blacks and mexicans were smoking it and raping white women also was married to the president sister at the time
this blows i 'm not supposed to eat or drink anything till my appointment tomorrow or else i 'll turn into a goddamn gremlin
go back to chapo fag house
palestine is real it part of syria palestia the name the romans gave it after they struck down a jewish insurrection in the first century ad it was originally called judea but it sure as shit ain t no raghead country or even a country at all
which part of heterosexuality was she referring to , the sexual attraction of men and women to on another , or engaging in sexual intercourse ?
i wish there was a documentary on mel 's chili from alice
is trudeau a girl ? ? ?
no adams apple .
what 's with that ? ? ?
my gosh is nothing sacred ? ?
i was noticing tonight ann coulter has an adams apple .
so the guys are girls and the girls are guys
these are the girls that get treated the worst url
# isis has been weakened & on the run .
the devastation they continue to cause against # christians is horrific .
it 's clearly # genocide , & the world must stand up against it .
we are urging the # un to protect christians & recognize the genocide .
join us .
url
< user > < user > mr jihadi rapist of < number > year old and protector mass killer osama hiw do you do
wow !
what a beautiful meaningful video showcasing some of the struggles lgbtq people have to go through .
as a bi filipina / white , with fairly traditional parents as sexuality goes , it 's hard to not feel completely accepted for who i am , or told that bisexuality is not valid .
i 'd fuck her ass and cum on her back then call her a wetback .
great example of a miserable hoe 🤣 it 's been months .
and she still keeping up with me im deadddd stay bothered hoe 🤣 go make out w another fat white bitch u dirty ass girl url
the ethnic cleaning is in reality the reverse , this is a wahhabi campaign , backed by kuwait and saudi 's .
the jihadist rebels are trying to create their own little " islamic stare " so they can claim the off - shore oil and gas .
why does n't mexico have an olimpic team ?
all the ones who can run , jump or swim have allready crossed the border .
but something definitely needs to be corrected like i said besides war because the poor needs help as well money spent on stupid stuff could easily end poverty because it 's them and the middle class suffering the worst
consider the sorry state of ca we have a commie government middle class ppl r leaving and eventually the imported dreamers will try to burn the state down for instance a wetback illegal has just been appointed to a government position
the policy was wonderfully effective it succeeded in keeping insane kike with taco beaner last name nicholas cruz from suffering the fate of the school to prison pipeline everybody sing kumbaya kumbaya
white moms yeah my mom is gay black moms yeah he call hisself liking boys
# buildthewall   help stop the flow of illegal immigrants .
help fight illegal drugs help fight human trafficking   help fight people coming over the border to cause harm retweet if you are in favor of # backtheblue # ice   @doingright1 follows back all # maga # kag url
illegal mexicans get to murder white girls in cold blood and walk free 

 meanwhile cantwell is still in jail even though he did n't hurt a single person
you seen how many old stormer accounts have been banned i got a warning for defending paul nehlen against based spic maga hat burger nationalists
these freshman in the bathroom having a blacks cypher 🥴 diploma me plz this shit ghetto dawg
king abdullah of jordan has agreed to open the first refugee tent city to accept the refugees currently stuck in greece and italy because hungary and poland wo nt take them for eight years obama said jordan would never accept refugees trump maga freedomcaucus
what 's the difference between a refugee and e.t e.t learned english and wanted to go home .
you don ’ t even cheat with no bad bitches cardi b
as a minority , i find it hard to date white girls .
not because they do n't find me attractive but because i ' m not related to them .
whatchu talkin bout willis ?
the sponsors should be helping the homeless in canada first .
hi @harry_styles ! '
sign of the times ' is incredible !
i 'm really proud of you , you 're amazing .
i love you , angel .
mind following me ? & #
127775 ; 141
bitch come on ... you know what you said .... you asking for tommie to be crazy ... # lhhatl
i get this sinking feeling this year is going to be a wild ride
pidi rides back seat .
rahul gandhi must be credited at least for following best practices while driving .
and pidi for having faith .
url
as with illegal immigration , trump 's attempts to enforce preexisting immigration law in regard to legal immigration has been all but completely obstructed by democrats .
most legal overstays are not from europe , however .
most legal overstays are from china and india .
best ham i ever ate was black bear smoked ham .
new single called freak bitch dropping < number > < number > it one of them jawns u keep on repeat on 🤟 🏾
it is amazing how stupid and cowardly tancredo is and he got elected several times .
he was a draft dodger .
he knowingly hired illegals .
even when pointed out that he had illegals , he did nothing to stop it .
now , he thinks that first amendment applies to his wanting to force a company to hire a group that is about racism ( the illegal aliens is a front since they only care about latinos , and blacks ) .
have to say , that i hope he runs on constitutional or even the nazi party .
both are applicable to him .
my tip to immigrants coming to america seeking asylum wear a maga hat and you will sail right thru
@toxicallyfemme that 's why you never cuff a bitch you took from a nigga 💯
give me your tired , your poor , your religious nutcases , your criminals yearning to escape justice ... the wretched refuse of your teeming shore ... and finally allow europe to be ruled by them and subjected to the moronic whims of this wretched refuse .
this american airline snafu was only supposed to last about a week then go away .
elise what on earth do you think your doing !
let it go for christ sake .
do n't you think american airlines has suffered enough ?
their first response was denying any wrongdoing .
im sure they feel that one weeks worth of bad publicity was penance enough .
you made your article out to be about poor airline service in general but without american leading the charge for marshal law i believe you would have picked another topic to write on .
rolandx 
 that 's right , especially keeping in mind that " ukrainians " are actually russians who were ukrainized by communists in 1920 - 30 's after creation of ukrainian soviet republic from russian provinces - express " nation - building " performed by comrade stalin & co
question about jeremy meeks 
 " when gangbanger jeremy meeks was released from prison for robbing and beating another boy close to death , his girlfriend married and had children with him " 


 is this quote referring to the girlfriend of the beaten boy or the girlfriend that jeremy was already seeing prior to this ?
so for the # trumptreason watch party they should install massive tvs on the dc mall .
bet it 'll be bigger than his inauguration ! #
trumprussia
no one : african women w nice bodies : url
white coworker : : you 're really good at this job but i got ta admit it still bothers me when people like you come to this country & take jobs from real americans .
me : : where do you think i 'm from ?
coworker : : i do n't know what you are , but i know you 're something .
what are you ?
me : : native american .
coworker : : oh ... then i guess you did n't come here , huh ?
make alaska # 1 in drilling .
hahahahaha drill baby drill for $ 15 oil .
yes go for it , i 'd love to see oil at $ 15 a barrel , just love it .
hahahaha
@ctblogger no !
he 's like the man who cried wolf too many times .
too many times he read words like today only to go back on them a few days later .
wait until his next rally , he 'll be back to his racist rhetoric against immigrants & poc , and his racist audience will cheer him on . #
itmfa !
long life to our nations long life to europe and western stop this white genocide fuck this nwo against our families our lands and our existence
fucked a white bitch in the ass she shitted call it a mcflurry
how about this " scaffolding " : when someone shows up to talk , you listen , not throw soda cans filled with concrete , or bash people over the head with baseball bats studded with nails .
… ( cont’d from above ) … 

 in a controversial case in 1989 that ’s been characterized as a modern - day lynching , four black teenagers and one latino teenager — the " central park five " — were accused of attacking and raping a jogger in new york city .
trump immediately took charge in the case , running an ad in local papers demanding that the teens be executed with the headline , " bring back the death penalty .
bring back our police ! "
the teens ’ convictions were later vacated after their innocence was scientifically proven and the city paid them a $ 41 million settlement as compensation for their 7 - 13 years of wrongful imprisonment … yet the xenophobic trump said just this past october that he still believes the black teens were guilty , despite the dna evidence to the contrary !
( cont'd below ) ...
banks are doing what ?
and interest is gon na be what ?
both belong to white people and enrich white people only , fact ! ! ! #
antizumamarches
hamas also kills palestinians .
they 've taken military control of their area and rule over them .
hamas arnt some group fighting a genocidal nazi regime .
they 're a terror group that wished to subjugate palestinians and run a genocide of all jews .
what is the difference between a muslim and a latina one blows you for good and one blows up for good
happy pride month !
i 'm straight but still proud for you guys who finally overcame the " not so separation of church and state " government 👍 🏼
the default position is to leave it to the kid .
unless his last   name happens to be orwell , you 're out to lunch .
sick of people saying asians are not poc bc of how east asians are pale lightskinned even tho that argument is invalid bc they are still considered poc since they are asian aka not white you all eliminate south southeast asians and forget that they are um very much tan dark
bruh do you have tourette ?
maybe you ca nt stay chill when someone says something ?
his name is dewayne craddock .
40 years old .
african american .
are you tired of jerking off to porn and hentai and not getting any pussy prostitutes exist bitch there no excuse you are just a faggot that wants everything easy what more easy than a prostitute
ok sooo , they believe that before 7.5 billion people are slaughtered in the grand armageddon ( extremely twisted philosophy ) that the un or maybe trump will say peace and security and then babylon the great , the world empire of false religion ( all other religions ) will fall because the un will attack them .
so i guess they mean this is going against that but to some jws this could be a " sign of the end " .
funny how the weeknd sings about being emotionless but has had a couple of open relationships .
hmmm
damn dykes be looking scrumptious
sooo i really hope everyone is caught up on @prisonbreak by now .. otherwise tonight will be a huge spoiler for ya
deport hogg wetback dyke
that thing where you tie one running shoe than get distracted before shoe number two
consider the sorry state of ca we have a commie government middle class ppl r leaving and eventually the imported dreamers will try to burn the state down for instance a wetback illegal has just been appointed to a government position
what do you call a bunch of white people running down a hill ?
an avalanche 

 what do you call a bunch of mexicans running down a hill ?
a mudslide 

 what do you call a bunch of black people running down a hill ?
a prison break
and the " higher percentage " of blacks and latinos happened because the vote was way down .
trump received less raw minority votes than romney did .
send that stupid woman back to where she came from .. africa .
if a mexican and a pedophile fought , would it be alien vs predator ?
i agree these people are full of themselves . . .
and i am white nothing is wrong with a different skin color white people are not better than anyone else
jesus is weeping .
the redskins is trending is there us teams also called the niggers spics kikes bitches or faggots asking for a friend
orphans if you are ever bored , punch an orphan .
what are they gon na do ?
tell their parents ?
at the geschlecht macht herrschaft ubonn conference prof anne foerster gave a paper on ruling women she just made a remarkable point there are few single male rulers and they are often criticized william rufus did kingly authority require a queen medieval twitter
steriotypical mexicano with the brown skin drugs , guns , illegal activities is is the poison that i m downin
thinking about my cousin blue who died in a atv accident back in 2004 his favorite cuss word was bastard face every time i say bastard or type it i think of him love and miss you blue
i hate jews so much i wish the holocaust actually happened
these are the religious extremists who control the us government .
senate , white house , supreme court and a number of legislatures across the us .
it 's nutty , we should not put up with it .
sorry , trump has brought racism and bigotry to the forefront by railing against muslims , including insulting a gold star family ; his claiming the judge 's bias because he 's a mexican in the trump u fraud case .
he has a pattern of incidents of discriminating against african americans since the 70s on , and his birther claim against obama .
in his campaign , trump   after african americans , immigrants , latinos , asians , women , muslims and even mocked a disabled reporter .
and it 's interesting how the kkk and other white supremacist groups have been emboldened under the trump administration .
we need a canada wide set of rebate policies on evs , hybrids , hydrogen in cars , buses and trains .
the existing guideway was engineered to rail specifications , not roadway specifications .
you are obviously not an engineer .
the battle for brt , maglev or other rail technologies is lost at this point in the process .
the only available options design - wise are changing the route from dillingham boulevard to nimitz highway to reduce the costs of utility relocation and shortening the route to terminate at a more local point than middle street , for example chinatown .
you do nt know the history of south africa get the book folks treason volkverraad the book is only in afrikaans do research faggot i know everything about sa more then you will ever realize
time to give puerto rico .. independence ... its embarrassing,,,typical hispanic chithole
yea cuz no reason for us hard work tax payers have to pay for this stupid infestation invasion on america
your mom is homosexual
have you visited @grimmsfoods website ?
check out all the great recipes and products !
expect to find a treat in our race kits # grimming :)
last year , 3 muslim women in burqas were arrested in their effort to blow up the notre dame cathedral with a car bomb of propane gas canisters   they were stopped only because they were driving erratically , trying to get into a good location   to demolish the 1000 year old christian edifice .
seemingly notre dame is a special target for islamic love .
we don't;hear much about that do we .
get in line alaska .
the climate kool aid drinkers said it supposed to be warmer .
sounds a bit fishy .
that 's a well - traveled road .
many hundreds of cars a day , times 5 days .
based on the picture , if he was down there and flashing his headlights , drivers would see the glow at night .
or honk the horn a lot .
and given he was n't injured , perhaps climb out a window if the doors are blocked ?
front and back windshields are n't that hard to break .
if nothing else , kick them out with your feet .
and i suppose the driver did n't have a cellphone .
it 'll be interesting to hear the rest of the story .
so far it does n't add up .
lol 2 mass shootings by white supremacists in hardly a weeks time is an outlier we probably dobt need to address ? ? ?
grow a brain ffs
now put this worthless immigrant trash to death .
takes a lot for the botelho family to forgive .
only way for them to move on .
collins is in jail and will serve his sentence .
the people who count the most are moving on , so should everyone else .
bless the botelhos .
ollieg , not mentioned because it is n't particularly relevant .
perhaps had you read cotler 's motion   ( after how long posting about m-103 ? )
you could have discovered it for yourself .
totally agree .
he is pathetic .
he wo n't release his tax returns as they obviously contain information which will not show him in good stead , he has denigrated a war hero because he was captured , he stiffed his contractors , he desperately wants to get in bed with putin , has n't paid taxes in 10 years , he is a pussy grabbing misogynist , does not like blacks , latinos , muslims , people with disabilities , lgtbi and other minorities , stacked his cabinet with zealots , cronies , billionaires and people who have never had any experience running government , mercilessly criticizes and even threaten anyone who disagrees with him , he is a climate change denier , he did not win the popular vote , he lies with impunity , eg , denied obama was a us citizen .
but , he is now the president , so we will dutifully allow him to strip medical insurance from millions , build that wall , reinstate stop and frisk , reduce taxes for the elite , build infrastructure , just to name a few , but where 's the money coming from .
dropped my new born niece the other day .. that ’ll be the last time they ask me to be pallbearer .
lol poor little mentally ill child you look so silly brain washed into wearing that silly burka ( and you 're inside even ) 😂 she has been indoctrinated into terrorism and sits there using photo shop to edit whiskers onto her face while wearing a hajib lolol
honestly , coming out with an ill thought out rant like this would see you dismissed as a crank in any meaningful debate .
" i disagree with what you say and will fight to the death to prevent you from publishing it . "
( liberal modern voltaire ) 

 " " this is a letter that should n't have gotten an inch of print space . "
the two statements are identical except in degree .
i do object to the racism of the posters and the free ride they are getting from the college president just because they are hispanic racists instead of being white racists .
hell yeah put a tariff on those chillie coking pepper bellies .
all hail trump boss of bosses 👍 down with islam 👇
< user > single religion in the floor of allah is islam search
" @hexsorceress " " you like meatballs ?
i have two you can eat . " "
|| : sorry !
i had too ! ! & #
128514 ; too lazy to say it on roy . "
@htowncici i just looked it up .
he does n't define his sexuality , which i would say makes him fluid , which i will qualify as queer , even though he does n't .
thanks for this !
posting a video now . :)
> had to remove residents to make billions .
wow , so trump really is america .
< user > he counting all the illegal immigrants who voted illegally plus all the uncounted visitors at trump inauguration
this jays - o 's game has done nothing for me tbqh .
resisting the urge to flip to another game only because it 's the 9th .
the only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood .
try google : 
 " donald trump wrong that media is not reporting on terrorism any more " : 
 http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2017/feb/06/donald-trump/donald-trump-wrong-media-not-reporting-terrorism-a/ 

 " trump said to fact check , so we did … he just told 2 insane lies " : 
 http://www.bluedotdaily.com/trump-said-to-fact-check-so-we-did-he-just-told-2-insane-lies/
-- if anyone is still lurking here , i just came across this in america :  

 examining the american peace movement prior to world war i 

  www.americamagazine.org/arts-culture/2017/04/06/examining-american-peace-movement-prior-world-war-i 
 --
by " jobs , " trump voters meant " jobs for white men " .
they did not want family leave to help women , a path to citizenship for hispanics , legal protection for lgbt , travel for muslim workers , or help for black lives matter .
it does n't matter if trump keeps his promises , or even if he actively contradicts himself : trump voters know that whatever he does , trump will put white men first .
they elected him , not for any policy , but to protect them from having a woman , another black man , or a white person who sympathizes with the marginalized in the white house .
the bunny looks a little like virtua freddy from fnaf world
@helper2 @owlwoman911 _ skank weasels sexually frustrated .
muslim twerp head , brooklyn tostada twirler .
skank mouth .
black follow the stank sent of tuna .
oh no , bike riding faggots are gon na get me for burning some cloth .
i went from having 0 assignments in a class last week to 4 assignments including a 10 page paper this week ... why do professors do this ? ! ?
no need to go past the origins of the author , the university of misguided social justice .
to found a white community you must be in charge of all the elements that make up a community .
if you shoot me you are attracted to any gender that you are not atracted to
les gara is so out of touch with basic business concepts and citing a geologist as your investment subject matter experts is just plain stupid .
pretty easy , business runs off of fixed and variable costs ; a subsidy offsets some of those costs .
without going into market mechanisms , if revenue exceeds cost businesses enter the market .
oil is a long term investment that has large fixed costs .
businesses are basing there investments based on that cost and an estimated tax structure .
when you change that tax structure it adds risk and creates instability which either reduces investment or increases operating .
the alaskan government choosing a dramatically changing tax structure in a extremely volatile market decreases investment and anyone with decent banking knowledge will tell you that .
so start thinking smarter alaska before it 's too late .
someone 's already leaked the draft background investigation form team trump is drafting .
there 's only one question .
q : are you white ?
shut up bitch cuck penis vagina nigger cracker butt anus liwuid !
servilla ,   have you been talking with our " founding fathers " once again ?
did n't the doctor tell you to take your medications ?
and why were n't there any " founding mothers " ?
please excuse our lack of concern or appreciation of your experts , dr. knucklehead and dr. quack .
i ca n't keep up with these freaky hoes .
bitches wanna be stabbed and have guns shoved down their throats and shit ... :( mc'scuse me bitch .. ?
“ give a man a fish and he ’ll eat for a day . ” “
deport a man and never have to feed him again . ”
-trump
it 's requests to issue bonds .
we actually in fact need to improve our infrastructure now , rather than in 20 years when all those people have been paying taxes for a while .
the city is borrowing against the taxes that all the new people ( and all the new people that are still coming ) will be paying .
after i was abducted by the aliens , i begged and pleaded with them not to butt - probe me .
but it was no use .
diego and jose shoved the cocaine up my arse and sent me back over the border .
well , she 's puerto rican , but she does n't come off as latina .
she comes off more , like , business , you know ?
by " jobs , " trump voters meant " jobs for white men " .
they did not want family leave to help women , a path to citizenship for hispanics , legal protection for lgbt , travel for muslim workers , or help for black lives matter .
it does n't matter if trump keeps his promises , or even if he actively contradicts himself : trump voters know that whatever he does , trump will put white men first .
they elected him , not for any policy , but to protect them from having a woman , another black man , or a white person who sympathizes with the marginalized in the white house .
miscegination is a killer for all races .
it destroys perfectly good dna , even nonwhite dna .
we might need our diversity some day to save an entire species .
it would be a shame if that dna was destroyed becasue of some leftist ideal bullsnot
tell me a non - white country that is n't an absolute shit hole / corrupt beyond repair / boring / unfree / lame as fuck .
yes , racism .
i 'm sure you 're aware of the voter suppression history of the republican party in the south .
voter suppression , targeted at blacks , latinos and the poor , has been a weakness of the republican party   since strom thurmond switched from dem .
to rep. in 1964 and the rest of the segregationists followed .
that is well documented and the unfortunate reality that the r. party has to work on .
using words like " jungle " , " ape " , " monkey" .... that 's a wolf whistle to the white elitists and we were n't born yesterday .
time to knock that crap off .
and as far as obama ... when did he accuse racial bias when it was n't warranted by a preponderance of statistics and evidence ?
i mean , do you believe that racism exists ?
that it is a problem ?
what about climate change ?
the moon landings ?
i 'm not aware of " shenanigans " that have been pulled in open primaries .
can you cite some ?
i know that putin had 1000 's of fake news stories alleging this sort of thing .
putin likes closed primaries too .
in today 's news report white people if you have n't robbed everyone blind you missed your opportunity because the snow has melted so there is no more camouflage
not even booking lukaku for gobbing off ... letting them get away with fucking murder today
yes !
go find another country to ruin and leave the usa alone !
be boomer grow up when access to information is heavily controlled along comes internet age have the world at your finger tips believe things even more retarded than when info was controlled
your anecdotal " evidence " is fruit - less , bares no reference as to exactly why you feel this way and offers no solutions to any of the problems you might feel justify your statement .
your assumptions will likely get the best of you one day and i hope for your sake you wise up and learn to look at things from other angles than just your perspective .
i personally find it insulting when i see a woman complain about being " lonely " 
 like bitch you have all these niggas who 'd give their left nut to be with you and i have n't even touched a girl 's hand lmao
trump , talking about migrants on the southern border : " how do you stop these people ? "
crowd : " shoot them . "
trump , chuckling : " that 's only in the panhandle you can get away with that stuff . "
url
thanks , that was very helpful .
so who else is " inferior " to your kind in the global human hierarchy ?
lazy latinos ?
crooked jews ?
shifty asians ?
backward arabs ?
please educate us .
< user > calling a thing a thing does not make it a thing it just makes you look retarded
you said we thanks for celebrating diversity
remove the racist terrorist omar that attacks jewish people and americans people over 911 .
go back .
allah is waiting for you .
@ballandthecity @_babsj @rebekahvardy surely her point is equality for everyone ?
equality is nt just for one gender , religion or ethnicity .
think that was her point
1911 colt single action army ( a.k.a. peacemaker ) f & n five seven psg-1 i could go on all day , but i just listed a few off the top of my head
i am pro homosexual ethnostate
this is why i hate lesbians
seems legit spics and spooks may break my bones , but white men will never hurt me !
# findom goddess @goddess_ar wants your tributes .
contact her now , on your knees , money ready to send . #
paypig @rtp37 @rtfindom1
i ca n't keep up with these freaky hoes .
bitches wanna be stabbed and have guns shoved down their throats and shit ... :( mc'scuse me bitch .. ?
" asked specifically about the growing trend in his native germany of " forest burials , " where people pay to have their ashes in urns interred at the base of a tree in a designated forest burial ground , müller said the german bishops were not thrilled with the idea , but accepted it with the proviso that the tree be marked with the name of the person buried at its base . "
interesting comment , considering that in europe , many burial spots are reused after a certain number of years have passed , and the original gravestone is removed to be replaced by a new one .
how long is a marker on a tree going to last until the expanding trunk pops it off , or the tree comes down in a storm ?
found plans for redevelopment of st mary 's hospital site in # bristol .
many happy school hols spent irritating nuns there , stealing biscuits
this is not mexico it 's the united states you want mexico then go there , wake up america we are under attack from the enemy who have infiltrated our own country , if it 's war there after than let 's give it to them ..
so for the # trumptreason watch party they should install massive tvs on the dc mall .
bet it 'll be bigger than his inauguration ! #
trumprussia
can we just nuke mexico ?
trump ha ha ha ha joke has not got old after the 500th time .
not .
how about hillery .
get it , ill - ery .
for being ill , get it ?
maybe some one can use that one for months on end .
he was lying .
what 's the big deal ?
our president does it all the time .
remember , we are not supposed to take people 's words literally .
love how leftist feminists take our lingo and try and use it in a sentence you suck at this and probably bj too it why you went full carpet muncher bet you would have loved this dyke to be president
well here we have it a white european team against a latin american team .
we have done so well so far .
that a white team has come this far is being considered as incredible by some .
but since the next games are in germany2006 would n't it be wonderful if a northern european team won this ! ! !
already i have read about german superiority rascist remarks .
pamela leighas pallessen - scherehart
imagine going to fucking dominate the dancefloor to your favourite jam javert 's suicide
what 's the difference between a fighter jet and a pregnant woman ?
one has an eject button and the other does not .
how do you suppose we locate all these 11million illegals .
set up a stand at the grocery store ?
stop anyone who looks latino and ask for their papers .
that 's a problem that i 'm certain trump has n't thought about .
trump pig latin .
oink , oink , oink , grab em by the poo say
wack af you dumb piece of shit
that shit was not relevant at all white people lame
the young american muslim girl who just wants to walk to school without being harassed by someone who hates her hijab because trump told them to will continue to have real cultural anxiety .
the businesswoman being groped by a supervisor who thinks trump ’s treatment of women was not pathetic but copacetic will continue to have real cultural anxiety .
the young black man who fears being pulled over by a cop who views him the way trump viewed the folks who were wrongfully accused of the central park jogger attack will continue to have real cultural anxiety .
the mexican - american child whose parent was kicked out of the country by a government that prefers to have those who are brown not stick around will continue to have real cultural anxiety .
send these criminals home !
we our taking our country back ! !
this nigga said .. " throw a pad at me & call me a cramp because i 'm not playing with you hoes period " 😂 😂 😂
b.s. , there would not be a race war because of whites going out and shooting up non - white neighborhoods ; it is already open season on white americans and white europeans and white australians and white canadians .
as someone who goes to a christian college and is struggling with their faith and their sexuality , this gave me a lot of hope !
i 'm still feeling my way around , but i hope to come out stronger or more stable when i graduate next year .
in my mind it 's not even close to being obselete , i believe it is a symbol of the white race and it 's fight to save itself in this sick and twisted multicult world we live in .
dreaming in your head wo nt help .
rt @05professor : @idontbekaren @kelseysocrazy .... this is what all of my bitches say hahaha http://t.co/dhk7eu97dc
barry , i get it you do n't like trump .
but almost 63 million voted for him .
but typical liberal elitists like you can`t acknowledge maybe some had a legitimate reason to vote for him .
they all can not be idiots .
just like last year not all academy voters were racists , in fact i bet very few are racists .
so this year is the academy full of bigots as there are more hispanics in the usa than african americans and how many hispanics were nominated ?
but then did you mention that ?
we still attend .
i still believe in god and jesus .
my husband believes in god .
we think having some sort of religious faith is important .
we could go somewhere else , but this is our history and faith tradition so it makes more sense to stay .
we teach our children a lot of our own principles and values .
we do n't preach or teach one true church .
so far it 's working for us .
there are definitely things i have to roll my eyes about on occasion .
we are n't openly dropping " truth bombs " in gospel doctrine .
we go for the values it teaches , take the good and leave anything negative behind .
find his fat ass on the closest golf course that does n't allow minorities .
common threads : 

 “ in the workplace ” 

 “ no retaliation ” 

 “ no hostile work environment ”
it 's becoming clear that i need to find more people in sf that are press / corporate competent so i can write some gd code 😜
considering that i am queer and to an extent neurodivergant i realize that it is a possibility that i could be the target of violence though make no mistake right now i as a white bisexual man have a much lower chance of assault than say a black trans woman
please consider helping to bring water filters to people who have no clean drinking water - https://www.gofundme.com/togetherpuertorico
as an actual jew , fuck you and fuck israel .
go back to your lds boards , you fucking poser .
which super saiyan character from dragon ball z was stephen hawking ?
-vegita 

 nah jk white ppl are n't monkeys
why do only men have to pay for alimony ?
yes of course equality
all of this is just more fruit of the poison tree called cannabis prohibition .
once cannabis is fully legalized and normal agriculture takes over we will see none of this sort of nonsense .
however , agriculture in the united states is full of toxic waste and it 's something as a nation we could do much better .
i 'm glad that this misogynistic stunt backfired so badly against the republicans .
warren is extremely courageous and they just made her an american hero .
stay strong warren , even white guys like me in canada are impressed !
rolandx 
 that 's right , especially keeping in mind that " ukrainians " are actually russians who were ukrainized by communists in 1920 - 30 's after creation of ukrainian soviet republic from russian provinces - express " nation - building " performed by comrade stalin & co
a former accountant for retailer american apparel inc. has filed a wrongful termination suit against the company alleging that he was fired after refusing requests from chief executive jew dov charney to inflate figures on the company 's balance sheet .
trump 's presidency is a failure .
he has n't been able to make a deal on any legislation other than renaming post offices .
he 's a tin pot dictator wannabe , who is now threatening his political opponents .
he needs to be impeached or removed from office by other means .
he 's also lying ( of course ) about owning the hotel in waikiki .
he can not ever be truthful about anything .
the trump international hotel & tower website said the waikiki property is not " owned , developed or sold by donald j. trump , the trump organization or any of their affiliates . "
got the feeling yeh will just be a yes mouth piece for others on the council & ruiz .
not really seeing the experience in her background that was displayed by other persons that exhibited interest in the position in yeh 's background .
sorry to say , but not really expecting great things from our newest ne council person .
would be nice to know who the good friends were in prompting her to show an interest in the position and what their interest is in having her assume the seat .
would be nice to hear from the other council members on their explanation on why they felt it necessary to break from tradition on the appointment .
i do n't think anyone is really expecting them to explain themselves , not like they really feel the need to answer to anyone now .
once again , not overly impressed by our elected officials .
so what do you have against trailer parks ? ? ?
should we also have to pass a test to exercise the other nine amendments in the bill of rights ?
misgendered and is my discernment blunted by steroids omg
i 've been depressed for so long i do n't remember what its like to not be depressed
my white bitch she snort that white white
the sad fact is that this is how he and his arab brethren would see her kind too .
gta san andreas the story of an above average somewhat talented black man who escapes the ghetto and becomes reasonably successful only to be dragged back in in the final act because his brother is a stubborn dumbass -_-
" @cb_baby24 : @white_thunduh alsarabsss " he s a beaner smh you can tell he s a mexican
brown american citizens ?
fuck you .
into the cage you go ! !
well , there is n't anything now or on the horizon that would tell us things will be better than what it looks like today .
in fact , as this is all being sorted out , it does look worse than a first glimpse had us believe .
as pro - trump supporters and voters will come to see , as their parents and their own social security is threatened and payments lessened , as access to health care is restricted and costs increase further , as the 1 % get richer and morph into the top .5 % , as racial discrimination and open backlash against persons who are lgbtq or muslim citizens or aged or black or asian increases and is splashed across our evening news reports and social media , and as washington become the retirement community for every conservative elected official in a second career of senator or congresspersons , then , maybe , they will begin - just begin - to wonder if somehow they may have made a mistake ..... but never admit it .
it probably does not since faggot kennedy limited the ruling to just that one baker and just to be pushing back against anti christian statements by the state regulators the one time kennedy was ready to do the right thing roberts was there to overrule him obamacare
how have you been ?
< url > zmfuumtjcaf
what ’s the difference between a black guy and a white guy ? “
i have white guilt ”
yta .
the worst part of this is gall at being offended by his " unprofessional " behavior .
i 'm gon na shit all over this person and then be surprised that it upset them .
🤣 🤣 🤣 fucking classic sociopathic reaction .
it 's only business until someone reacts negatively to me then it 's personal and they were the ones in the wrong .
you a garbage sub - human .
deport every single juan ! !
take ur taco 🌮 and go home 🏠
john , you rock !
hmmm could be the crime ridden poverty countries waving bye bye they fled .
not 10 minutes before they arrive .
i 'm just waking up , & amp ; i need to take a shower .
i 'm so sick of the lack of disrespect
< user > < user > democrats welcome illegal alien rapists because the democrats have no respect for women they only care for power
ducksoup :   i agree with you about japan but you are forgetting that japan does not have the populations of black men and women , white men and women   or any men or woman   that have ptsd , mexican men , latino men , huge numbers   of mentally ill etc .
all high crime folks ...
what 's the difference between e.t. and a mexican ?
e.t. never smuggled any drugs while illegally entering america .
hit that like button if you think being a lesbian is kinda hot
@prisonplanet @realdonaldtrump i 'm afraid no chance 4 us 2 get a really independent potus .
swamp drains anyone .
doubt … https://t.co/62nqrb8hss
being a straight white male is probably the most hated thing you can be in the 2010s , wonder what 'll happen in the 2020s ... 😳 😳 

 # antifeminist # 2010 # whitemale # white # male # followme
# wetbacks and # dreamers sending too much money to # mexico 
 cash remittances to # mexico set $ 26b record in 2017 …
getting a photo id so you can vote is easy .
unless you ’re poor , black , latino or elderly .
https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/courts_law/getting-a-photo-id-so-you-can-vote-is-easy-unless-youre-poor-black-latino-or-elderly/2016/05/23/8d5474ec-20f0-11e6-8690-f14ca9de2972_story.html
i 'm in this boat with my family .
not only are you nta but ( surprise ! )
coming out is your choice .
it empowers some people , but it can burden others .
i 've come out to certain family members but never plan on coming out to the rest of my family because it 's too much effort to do that with people who i know wo nt respect or understand it .
you do you dude .
it 's not about gender it 's about who is more popular during men world cup nearly 4 billion people watched and during the women 's world cup only 125 million watched
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
i hope 77 retarded ass moms bf gets fucked up and put in jail ....
black ppl who went to all white schools become annoying ass adults 😂 😂 😂 😂
@israelusaforevr @colleen20238198 well , definitely the worst tranny .
hey joe , what he said .
step away from the tool shed .
url
< user > he got banned retard
why is your white ass in my black business you re white
instant solution redeploy the us military from protecting kikes and arabs in the middle east to the border with mexico < user >
so in 1960 america was 85 % white ...... what idiot would n't like this ?
the migrants need to stay away from thr border , so meh .
my issue is : who wants to bang aoc ?
those are the people who are sick , watch them .
today it 's aoc , tomorrow it 's the pony giving rides at the petting zoo
nigga a dyke rt @2girls1richard : .. rt @_ayooteezy : melo garbage ass just now hitting 20k
the dad oathed " i will kill the one who did this to my daughter ! ! "
then he shot himself .
bitches sick behind a nigga
and give women rights ? !
please submit yourself for 20 lashes and/or a beheading .
adopting creatures bred and educated in the ghetto is a bad idea no matter what species
well at least they have no fear of speaking up for their race try to find that in a white politician jews do it blacks do it arabs do it metizos do it
you 're smart for a mexican .
guess you missed him mimicking the guy with cp , calling mexicans criminals and rapists and treating women like they should be lucky enough to get groped by him .
desert fox says < date > < number > at < time > what would you expect from the chicago ghetto people and the no clue major media love them because they are of the same caliber
is totally not racist tucka carlson doing a special from vegas on the loose ends hmm hmm < number > tattoo on paddocks neck hmm jesus the beaner campos
this bitch deserves to burn in hell .
why is ca the melting pot of america it is so hard to fine people that have the same views on our white race as i have ?
< user > dude got < number > million votes and much of the press seems to think they were all white trash nazis trying to bring back segregation it so dumb
honestly i was very much transphobic and just otherwise bigoted for almost all of 2016 because i got scared of questioning my gender and it took until earlier this year to realize i m a girl .
i think a lot of trans people are in the same boat as u and its healthy to acknowledge this
whenever you are called out or cornered for disruptive behavior , pull out the race card .
aoc just sounds like she is following the dnc playbook .
pelosi is just singling out women that are terrorists , islamic fundamentalists , racists and un - american .
white guy puts ied in mall and the response is fuck all muzzies and spics stay classy gab
life too short to be getting played by 🍤 dick niggas
the biggest suicide fuel is 
 knowing that i m a young adult , khhv , but people younger than me ( teenagers ... 16/17 ) are in relationships/ having sex .
hey twitter you enormous fags do not you have more problems than anime posting weebs to worry about your problem should be the actual terrorists and maybe the kangz how about you ban some of those faggots instead
politicians must decide on actions , not scientists .
example : james lovelock 's action recommendations concerning global warming effects are on the adaptation side whilst david suzuki 's are on the mitigation side .
either one is simply just one , : no more nor less than anyone else when it comes to an opinion .
stop taking in immigrants , close the border until the ones here can be deported .
they are fake asylum seekers , they are profit seekers that 's it .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > if your interpretation of a strong black man means you who follows white supremacy never read the malcolm x book thinking he about that life i think rosa would probably turn lesbian than to have a failing man
q. what do you call mexican firefighters josa and josb
in my experience a looooot of gay relationships crumble once the honeymoon phase is over .
if y'all've crested past that hump , you 're already in a better situation than the majority of gay relationships ( numerically ) .
if there are legal immigrants who can enter the country properly and wait to get citizenship what the excuse of those who come here illegally answer there is none america wants legal immigrants who will help the country thrive not a bunch of freeloaders looking for handouts
send your skanky wife back !
with those who 're sincere and genuine racial nationalists that 's usually the best .
what do you get when you blend a nazi and a communist together ?
ground meat .
i see a lot of brown people and stupid women being the ones in these marches young white men know what is up do not let the msm gaslight you to think otherwise
it needs a better distribution of people , which the article indicates .
@ritapanahi walk away from the pay day !
i do not care what god you believe in !
i do n't care if you believe in no god !
i care that we all have right to believe in what we want to believe !
but your rugby mate i believe delivered a hate speech !
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > i know it not right i know < number > months is retarded and it does not matter what i say activision is still gon na do what they want and if that wasn t the case then they would have stopped years ago
seriously i have n't seen a single # masseffectandromeda review that i agree with .
it was the best i 've played so far in the series .
& # 128546 ; # do n't ... & # 128546 ; # do n't ... & # 128546 ; # do n't ... let me down coz i think i 'm losing my mind right now , so do n't let me down ... hey yo ' ... & # 128546;&#128546;&#128546 ;
it 's official , my followers like to suck girls cock 💦 💦
why does n't mexico have an olimpic team ?
all the ones who can run , jump or swim have allready crossed the border .
.@blackopal80 then what really opened my eyes .
an article on financial abortion .
even , after reading , i still opposed .
responsibility , etc .
do the world a favor and remove yourself from the genepool .
i 'd come up behind and smack your ass before spreading your cheeks and eating your ass and pussy , then put my cock into your pussy and cuddle fuck you
60k people disliked cuz mulan is no black , american or even though jason momoa
the only thing manipulated here are the minds of few foreigners , who reckon they can live amongest superiour , pagan blood .
let 's thank this fantastic jokes day hitler 's birthday .
nice .
columbine massacre .
nice .
jokes about weed .
nice .
let 's thank 20/4
look at which party wants their cake and to eat it too .
hint : it 's not the democrats .
we know that we have to pay for what we want , not just for ourselves but for our country . "
do unto others ... "
what ’s the difference between massacres and pornography ?
one gets me off , the other is porn .
i d say move out west were ever either b.c or alberta all white people in canada need to move out west so we can take the west back .
totally average straight , middle aged , white , american guy here .
my totally average straight , middle aged , white / black / native , american friends and say i love you to each other all the time .
we 've lost a few friends the past couple of years and our mortality has been front and center , so the practice just kind of crept in .
i like it .
i 'm gona fuck your wallet and your wife so bend over and take it you sissy slut ! #
findom # finsubs # fincuck # alpha
in nazi germany , if you spelt the name hitler incorrectly you 'd get a visit from the gestypo .
last one sums up women .
they get guys to do all their shit and then have a sap that pays the bills .
they are all like this .
fuck you if you think you 've got one that is n't , you 'll wake up too late .
friendly reminder that peter parker is trans and we support him no matter what !
happy pride , spider - man !
🌈 url
are you saying that all hispanic women voted for hillary ?
or do you have personal knowledge of those who wrote on the free speech wall ?
did any authority on campus bar white women from wearing hoops ?
did any white women experience a physical attack or pay a fee to have the right to wear hoops ?
it 's much ado about very little .
did you happen to see the movie   " mcfarland usa " ?
i loved it , a very nice biographical film about a white cross coutry coach and his family that moved to very hispanic mcfarland .
it 's probably a liberal film ( with kevin costner ) , but contains a very positive message for those who watch it .
you all bitches always posting some faggot ass shit smfh
cute girly fantasy football team names jnr college lesbians glee gay guy
i have to work tomorrow … the ghetto 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄 🙄
understanding an obvious point does n't seem to be your strong suit .
preston manning 's credibility deflated very rapidly after it was revealed that his manning centre had hosted a workshop at which voter suppression techniques were discussed .
couple that with the advice he apparently gave to danielle smith of wildrose in ab and it 's difficult to see any credibility at all remaining .
which begs the question :   why does the g&m continue to publish him ?
everything about america comes from other countries ' cultures b / c a bunch of immigrants came when america had a tiny ass population .
stopping that when brown & black people come is inherently racist when immigrants were ok with slavery as the only way for brown people to enter url
another braindead mexican making excuses because he sucks at the game .
wow , insulting anericans is cool and all but say one word about mexicans and you re immediately a racist .
shut the fuck up mexicano and play another game
white house : we need a distraction so people forget you were best friends with epstein .
trump : " these brown and black women need to go back to their home countries ! "
... and they turned away able volunteers , willing to search .
sadly , i think the government would step in if we tried to stop the lesser races from moving into our land .
whereas the latin is dumbed up ? ? ?
@ewerickson # homophobe # scambag !
sexual orientation is not a sin !
it took so little time for you , ugly hearted bozos , to show up ! #
getlost
white moms yeah my mom is gay black moms yeah he call hisself liking boys
< user > < user > this dude josh a racist 🤣 not only white ppl can be racist clown
time to genocide every leftist and illegal in america !
@cam_coles you do n't know what i know .
name somebody colder , you monkey faced immigrant
chapotraphouse faggot
what an incredible xenophobic , intolerant bigot you 've demonstrated yourself to be .
why do you automatically assume someone with dark skin and a latin surname is illegal and afraid of going to authorities .
you are obviously the the human that you 're warning us about .
understanding an obvious point does n't seem to be your strong suit .
gay boy was my father 's name .
please , call me pickle nick
agreed .
if you want to know what the true critical reception of a movie ( or game or tv show ) is , go to metacritic.com .
they have both public reviews ( everyday people ) and , yes , " critics " .
compare the two , you get the full picture .
been using metacritic for over a decade and a half now .
there are questions to be answered .
even with time constraints , is n't it rude to interrupt quickly because you disagree with the answer ?
watch the last 3 major televised hearings and see her abrupt and arrogant manner in questioning .
i am sure exploring the many previous hearings will reveal similar tactics .
she is not the prosecutor or state a.g. any longer .
male or female , when questioning ... allow for an answer before interrupting !
how many addicts are you prepared to pay for out of your own pocket ?
this simple question tends to shut the pandering liberals up .
my ancestors who had the good sense and foresight to come and build america .
if our civilization is not superior why do immigrants flock here rather than stay in their native regions the united states is not geographically contiguous with syria
a very close friends when i was younger tried to kill her self right in front of me after her mom basically called her dumb and worthless .
there should not be problems between the different classes inside the race white since we are all whites they should be joined to fight against non - whites they are our enemies .
a word we all need to start using : genderphobe 
 genderphobe : a nutter who is obsessed with erasing all natural and healthy differences between the sexes .
wetback dick x < number >
" the freedoms of religion and conscience are and must be the first freedoms to which all others are bound . "
nonsense .
why the sudden surge in religionism , after 9/11 , that has gone on and on and on ?
like militarism , the security state , loss of privacy , more police everywhere , lack of jobs , lack of housing , low wages , endless war , endless terrorism .... religions , as my university profs taught me , are about social control , keeping the people down and out and pacified .
canada has been increasing secular since the 1960 's .
that 's very good for democracy and the will of the people .
please allow me my freedom from religion .
and let 's get on with strengthening democracy , as its being shrunk by the corporate state and its media spokesmen who want to sell our country to immigrants and multinational corporations .
legend has it there you tried to sell yourself as a non bias liberal but clearly   you are a paid liberal sheep
a black , a mexican , and a muslim are in a car .
who is driving ?
the police .
you should have looked in those statistics further .
whites represent 80 % of violent and sexual crimes against children -- they are convicted of such crimes three times more often than blacks and five times more than latinos .
and mass shootings ?
ye gods and little fishes -- about 90 % .
i hope this passes !
after all my years going to boulder , having an office there , i 've found the people there , though progressive and ultra liberal , only want to protect their way of life !
everything in boulder is so lily white though the liberals there all yell and scream for diversity ... and also ... nimby ... not in their pristine world .
just got finished dating a boulder woman there and i could not be more disappointed in her as a person !
she harped about equality and racial values yet not once did i ever see a black or latino among her or any of her friends .
what a bunch of hypocrites there !
plus , nobody except for trust funders or very wealthy folks can afford to live in boulder anymore .
she poo - pooed denver neighborhoods yet i live in a completely paid off beautiful ranch , on 1/4 acre in a quiet neighborhood and she lives in a cramped townhouse that 's claustrophobic and she paid $ 600 k for basically a micro townhouse to live in boulder .
haha !
les gara is so out of touch with basic business concepts and citing a geologist as your investment subject matter experts is just plain stupid .
pretty easy , business runs off of fixed and variable costs ; a subsidy offsets some of those costs .
without going into market mechanisms , if revenue exceeds cost businesses enter the market .
oil is a long term investment that has large fixed costs .
businesses are basing there investments based on that cost and an estimated tax structure .
when you change that tax structure it adds risk and creates instability which either reduces investment or increases operating .
the alaskan government choosing a dramatically changing tax structure in a extremely volatile market decreases investment and anyone with decent banking knowledge will tell you that .
so start thinking smarter alaska before it 's too late .
i hear these spanish and oriental kids speaking and i think they must speak english because they go to school and have to communicate with their teachers .
you are confusing jews with whites again
in < number > we have to set up video outside the ghetto polling places so we can count the number of people entering and leaving it literally would not surprise me if almost nobody actually votes in these precincts and it just < number > fraud
gay ass mother fucker
what i want to know is if these sweeps are limited solely to latino persons or if they are going after other ethnic groups as well ?
what about poles in chicago ?
asians in seattle ?
every other ethnic group in new york ?
now trump will disband and fire the cbo and allow a team of bannon appointees to disseminate pro - budget , pro - trump propaganda in its place . : )
seriously though , did anyone really expect what he and his administration claimed to be reality ?
i trust the cbo way more than i do trump when it comes to potential outcomes to his decisions .
what a pig and all those ugly uneducated deplorables ... hahaha
here is todays big idea for you , think about it .
change your handle .
a good suggestion would be missinglink .
you should once the travel advisory is lifted .
kashmiris are unparalleled in their hospitality .
i 've come out to students before and some of them have thanked me for it .
usually , they 're bi or part of the community in some way .
they 've told me that they feel more welcome and they see me coming out has had a positive impact on the class culture .
the kids feel safer around me and they appreciate that i can be open with them .
1911 colt single action army ( a.k.a. peacemaker ) f & n five seven psg-1 i could go on all day , but i just listed a few off the top of my head
if you are a woman and you drive over < number > mph on the freeway you are a lesbian sorry i do not make the rules do not worry we will take care of you now
muslims are responsible for the modern 0 - based math system , the world 's first hospitals , coffee , universities .
these are off the top of my head .
if you sincerely hold to your beliefs , stop using all of the above .
since i know you wo n't , go get an education instead you fuckwit .
it time our side takes the moral low road and start lying too i mean it can not be so difficult to pay some beaner bitch or kids to make rape allegations against democrats
i guess the police have a history with this person repeatedly losing their dogs or something ?
something bad has them very unhappy .
you can trust the messenger yet still distrust the message . #
syria # airstrikes # trump # fridayfeeling
if you are reading this .
people like you set the human race back .
faggot
ditto , me too .
it is in alaska .
solly , i think that many in east europe would disagree with the " few strings attached " story after about 45 years of russian - driven dictatorships .
can you be quiet for a moment ? [
removed ]
i 'm no fan of trudeau , but let 's be fair - harper ( for whom i voted ) allowed this mess to occur , and it started about a decade and a half ago .
owo time but its fuckin time for you to suck dick like you mean it .
no pussy shit , you better be deepthroatin .
btw this place is getting so obviously trolled 
 it 's amazing people are missing it .
i just want a needy sub to grind against my leg for pleasure so i can tease her and tell her how she s my pathetic slut
why call the cops for everything ?
i say the punishment fits .
he will no longer be able to make money in this way in alaska .
it 's sad how their is only one major big leagues of professional wrestling when it comes to wwe especially how they 've treated talent in the past
< user > < user > oh no being a mediocre white guy is not panning out wah time to be a nazi
in the sense that death eventually overcomes the righteous as well as the haters , while hatred lingers in the hearts of men , the sign is futile .
in fact , we do n't know the origin of hate , which seems to be a force within all of us .
so , death takes us all , but hatred lingers .
each of us has to find that hatred , and master it , if there is to be good in the world .
the nazi swastika is an neolithic symbol of the sun 's motion across the sky , and a symbol of good luck , but the nazis corrupted it to be a symbol of racial purity and totalitarian triumphalism .
its use in modern america is as a symbol of northern european racial purity and the oppression of all other races .
death to that mindset !
the darkest joke for iphone users జ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞా జ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞా జ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞా జ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞాజ్ఞా
this ai n't even some yee haw shit , this some yee yee shit .
bet he came out the womb wearing carhartt
eu to muito shook harry styles is a fucking rockstar
it is fun watching gg trying to make us fight .
quit trying to make fetch happen .
it 's never going to happen .
@spacekatgal @thequinnspiracy
look at the real world .
some of the most recent examples of countries rising from poverty through economic growth : china , singapore , south korea , malaysia .
some of the best examples ever : post ww2 germany and japan , growing literally from nothing to tremendous prosperity .
you say,"time to move on " .
but to what . ?
give real world examples .
uh you do n't think religion hurts people ?
i was never opposed to illegal immigrants until i came home to a mexican raping my daughter .
those bastards stole my job dammit
or so this short film would have you believe !
anti white neocon ben shapiro supports his own country israel building a wall refusing refugees deporting africans but demands third world immigration and refugees for the usa he wants to see white people ethnically cleansed with third world immigration his emails < email > < email >
the default position is to leave it to the kid .
unless his last   name happens to be orwell , you 're out to lunch .
hwasa has spent her entire life dealing with prejudice because of the way she looks and the strength she has to push that aside and aim to change people 's ideas of what beauty is in terms of makeup , skin color , body shape , etc .
is incredible !
you are n’t doing any favors to liberalism by stating that trump is implicitly ok with murdering hispanics .
it makes you sound a bit unbalanced and no different than when republicans said stuff like this about obama .
bitches sick behind a nigga
every slant in # losangeles should be deported .
those scum have no right to be here .
chinatown should be bulldozed .
the anti - rail big lie , once again .
here 's the truth .
traffic congestion will increase despite rail , and would increase even more without rail .
people who ride rail will have a complete alternative to congestion .
the purpose of rail is to move people , not cars .
your assumption , like so much of the deceitful and elitist anti - rail propaganda , is that the recipient of your message will be a driver who eschews public transportation , that " some other people " should ride rail so your driver can continue to drive but suffer less traffic , and that the only measure of success is an impossible decrease in traffic congestion , even in parts of the island where neither rail nor a new freeway along the same corridor nor anything else under the sun could be expected to decrease traffic .
that 's nonsense .
i do n't disagree with you .
did you catch the part in the article where trump relies on these guest   workers ?
home of roy moore accuser tina johnson destroyed in fire , under investigation for arson
there are a lot of hunters in south texas declare a wetback season and the hunters will take care of things
bottom ‏ < user > no dignity respect 4 women acid attacks rape abuse or gay people thrown off rooftops have we not just fought for 1 0 0 yrs 2 get where we r 🤔
i was talking about grandparents and other relatives who end up with the kids after interaction with ocs , probably most if not all of the people discussed in this article .
in my experience , drug or alcohol addicted parents do n't let their relatives raise / adopt their kids voluntarily .
red pill about to surpass mens rights in subscribers 
 what do you think about this ?
then why are all the white girls being raped and murdered by blacks
slut you could not afford a fucking < money > wedding cheap ass crossbreed wetback gorilla zoo animal
fun fact : u / tunsku openly hates black people , lgbt people , women , muslims , jews .
y'all females so stupid , y' all rather fuck with the plug and catch a felony , record , and get y' all kids taking from y' all .
all behind a dumb ass nigga who ca n't even get a job at mcdonald 's sis ?
😂 dumbasses
i am not " ripping into " jh because he does not invest like i do .
let me just repeat part of another comment i made elsewhere yesterday ; 

 " i feel the rob could do a better job of considering retired investors wish for capital preservation , modest income , and a good nights sleep . "
i have no quarrel with jh or dividend investing per se ... as a subset of " styles" ... esp for investors with a long horizon .
my beef is that the rob does not tailor its advice to investors at different ages / circumstances / parts of the cycle .
presumably its advertising dept is interested in folks who are 30 - 40,working and making / spending lots of $ $ .
i certainly would not put my 80 + year old mother into a bunch of drip 's and pipelines , utilities .
and to her credit ... based only on her own instinctive risk aversion , she is not .
scott barlow has been calling dividend investing a bad / risky idea for about 6 months now , and there is talk ( everywhere ) about   a " 30 year run in bonds ending " .
then there is trump .
i member when clinton said … you could put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables the racist sexist homophobic xenophobic islamaphobic you name it and now trump supporters are all white supremacist nazis and trump is hitler reincarnated fud
we are one of the most intimidating and athletic people alive with strict training even a ghetto gangbanger can reach spec ops level it true we are hardy folk
hey , y group of friend consist of two bisexual people , who are awesome by the way , and a teansexual man who is a funny son of a bitch .
they are normal , and they have their own brand of humor .
nothing is wrong with than , i am actually the only one who identifies as straight .
i feel like the minority , an it is awesome .
go pride !
if we let a bunch of hispanics dictate to us what laws we enforce and what ones we wo nt then it wo nt be long before we go third world and live in a shithole just like they ran away from , either obey our laws or get the hell out ! !
we call the shots up here not you !
i never saw what others saw in him he talked too much about the failure war on drugs nobody cares about pot asshole build the wall imprison democrats stupid bastard can not get priorities straight fix drugs by removing beaners and killing big pharma
looking for coachella wristbands is the fucking worst !
he was lying .
what 's the big deal ?
our president does it all the time .
remember , we are not supposed to take people 's words literally .
literally every school shooting was done by some lame ass dipshit white loser boy .
some people will believe anything .
trump despises mexicans or did you forget that ?
< user > devildog put both on to a spectrum the number of radical muslims that support carrying out jihad is big the number of radical jews that support and employ the talmud is small in comparison yet their leverage in media financing academia and politics is revealing bad influence on both
wait .
twitter handles video now .
what 's the recording length limitation ?
" it can be enlightening while overseas to adapt a habit of talking less and listening more . "
actually , it can be enlightening to develop that habit locally as well .
here , the author despises trump , and she is more interested in telling her german friends and us about it then finding out why trump is so appealing .
hint : it 's not hatred for mexicans , muslims , or women .
she would be well served to listen to our advice that she listen more .
i have never been embarrassed to be an american , or an oregonian , even with clowns like obama , kulongoski , kitzhaber , and kate brown in positions of power .
question arises - why are n't other minority groups marching also - black , hispanics , muslims , gays , american indians , native hawaiian , asians , etc .
dumpy is going to make it miserable for all of these groups .
he only favors white europeans and rich people .
women who act like a man is supposed to do everything because they 're too " fragile " .
slovak need to look at the many times his far - left liberal muslim president barack hussein obama has stepped over the u.s. constitution .
what bothers me , is why the republican party has n't made any " noise " for calls of obama impeachment during his tenure   like the democrats are calling for against president trump ?
the democrats continue to have this " hangover presidential loss " in their mental illness attitude towards president trump who is trying to make america great again for americans and only americans .
for our country , and only for our country .
the liberals are just pist - off that our president trump is removing all that is considered " political correctness " and into " common sense . "
obama had the homosexual colors light up in the white house , while president trump change that lighting to blue in honor of our police force whom obama condemened continously during 8 years tenure .
esteban santiago is a beaner muslim build the wall ban muslim immigration trump was right again hail trump
@the_patriot_v @realcandaceo why illegal aliens ?
you morons do a pretty good job of killing each other . #
buildthatfuckingwall
daca means more invaders in our country and more will flood in
< user > if bitchslapping means ridiculing telling them off am all for it they ought to start by taking a 🔴 red pill and be asked what their position on the migrant gang rape of a defenseless women in a wheelchair is ⛈
it time our side takes the moral low road and start lying too i mean it can not be so difficult to pay some beaner bitch or kids to make rape allegations against democrats
no , your posts have been ranting about white people and " white supremacy " over a case about a latino cop .
you cried " murder " and provided no evidence .
all you have done is parrot neo - marxist narratives which came from critical race theory circles .
you have serious racism issues .
i 'd love to see you rationalize how it 's racist to assume is a criminal for being black but it 's not racist to assume someone is being a racist if they 're white , or even a brown cop .
you have issues .
big time .
why call the cops for everything ?
i say the punishment fits .
he will no longer be able to make money in this way in alaska .
b - real , wait ... who are you ?
lol why do you think you matter more than they do ?
the lion of jewdea starts a orginazition known as the christian resistance and we capture north america
is n't it dishonest to label this agenda as " advocating greater acceptance in the church " for those with same sex desire ?
everyone is welcome accepted in the church .
the actual aim is to pressure the church into accepting active same sex relationships and " marriage " as god given and therefore equal to marital sexual relationships between men and women .
< user > trump would melt down like the nazis at the end of raiders of the lost ark
it 's fucked when i 'm angry i 'll literally go all guns blazing but if i 'm upset you wo n't even get a word out of me
thirsty neckbeards got mad at her for not doing porn , so mass - flagged her account to get it automated removed .
all in a days coping with being a worthless piece of human trash .
the churches in my city are full of liberal school teachers .
we are imigrantes because we 're not a native american
let 's see if we can now make a difference and stop giving away everything the workers have been building !
i 've been frustrated to see my tax $ $ $ be wasted and given away - spending $ $ without accountability .
i 'm excited , i 'm inspired .
now let 's hope i 'm not disappointed like the dems were after 8 years of decline .
i made bread today 
 tfw no qt gf to share your bread with 

 tfw no qt gf to put flour in your hair playfully while making it 

 feels fucking bad man
it all started with somebody miss gendering a transformer , then it melted down .
bahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 😂 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
race conscious admissions 🚫 affirmative action .
its acknowledging that students of color often are of low ses , financially independent from their parents , are parents themselves , or are # firstgen college students .
lets work harder to remove obstacles for them ! #
latinxed # hsi
bisexuals lesbians 🤝 < number > being our year
diversity is very important for < user > that why she does not just date tall nerdy white dudes she will also give lanky geeky caucasians or towering european dweebs a try
makes you wonder how we invented anything at all and built nations that were the envy of the brown world when our countries were mostly white .
why are mexican soccer players so nice ?
they ’re looking for the green card .
whites get along with asians much more than they do with blacks or hispanics .
that burrito place is good , but i do n't eat in because more than 5 minutes in that place & you smell like a mexican .
what if i chose wrong ? &
amp ; i m not supposed to do this .
what if no matter how hard i try , i will just never achieve it ?
when you get home from work expecting to crawl back into bed with your man but he forgot to tell you he has work & # 128580 ;
education system is messed up for the same reason everything else is messed up - jews , non - whites and liberal women run and ruin everything .
you know how how latinos are ... they are n't as motivated .
makes sense thernovith would sell out on beaner invasion in a second to sell spanish copies of gorilla mindset anyways if he somehow managed to gain power lol when it comes down to it alt lite fags are just gayer leftists
< user > this is racist act against moslem < user > < user >
wow go figure once again the placed crowd at new year rockin eve is mainly chinks niggers beaners muslims kikes dykes faggots and chicks with dicks
i compared the church whose priests raped little boys then supported those pedophiles and helped move them around to cover it all up to the kkk yes .
not to mention all the anti gay and abortion crap they spew on about .
both evil .
dorelas huerta and christina aguillar are racists .
the latino equivalent of neo nazis .
i ca n't believe that the dp would write an article letting them spew their crap as legitimate words in our society .
i am not surprise that reporter john frank wrote it .
he is a known leftist activist reporter .
the bakken crude oil shipped to the tacoma refineries is known to include many toxic chemicals the least of which is hydrogen sulfide implicated in birth defects .
how does union pacific rail plan to clean up this spill to reduce long term environmental impact to the families residing in mosier or ?
if you 've read a majority of all of craigers comments , s(he ) has a problem with people with brown skin .
this comment is no different .
craigers does n't care if the hispanics or latinos are legal or illegal .
bigotry at its dumbest .
jt ghetto fine
i am the reaction to the shitskin invasion
fri 11:00 : mainly cloudy .
30 percent chance of drizzle early this afternoon .
high 8 .
uv index 3 or moderate .
democrats are so brainwashed retarded that this will not register since they have no reasoning skills whatsoever we need a campaign to call them racists and sexists back it messes with their programming
stfu obviously trans people are n't retarded
re testing police , i asked a lane county commissioner about 5 years ago if sheriff office etc .
staff tested for drugs .
he told me no - due to unions !
it could be that when initially hired they are tested but are not tested along the way , of that i am rather certain . (
if wrong , pls .
correct me .
any police on this thread ? )
about 10 years ago i did some research after reading in the rg about a n or policeman buying meth from a dealer who turned him in .
i did find several similar cases around the us and was shocked .
it is difficult to find out how many police found to have meth in their systems because when one searches for police and meth , most articles are about their busting meth heads .
worthy of an investigative journalist article .
texas is a shithole because it full of niggers i do not know why anybody would live there texans are not tough they are a bunch of pussies they let their whole state be overrun by niggers and mexicans
you 've never touched a woman , besides your mom .
i can barely go out into society anymore i basically just buy food from the beaner filled store pay all bills online then spend the day talking shit online like a coward what a life
> both may or may not have involved racism the racial abuse this cunt was shouting might be a clue .
and which countries are breeding out of control like there no tomorrow the red ones as well flooding the world with mentally retarded individuals but hey europeans stop having children in order to save the world
all right faggots why is it that our posts bantzing beaners get so much engagement but when we take the piss out niggers and kikes you all get so silent all of a sudden
whoops ... meant to reply to bennice 's post .
i do n't get it .
i 'm sure other races do it , but it baffles me that whites want to blame other races for some intangible issue .
blame the blacks , blame the chinese , blame the mexicans .
uh , what are they really taking from us whites personally ?
nothing substantial i can put a finger on .
certainly nothing from me personally that makes a hoot of difference in my life .
i 've got it good .
i could have it better , but the only one to blame for that is me .
white supremacy someone will take that rifle and shove it up his ass url
sounds a bit fishy .
that 's a well - traveled road .
many hundreds of cars a day , times 5 days .
based on the picture , if he was down there and flashing his headlights , drivers would see the glow at night .
or honk the horn a lot .
and given he was n't injured , perhaps climb out a window if the doors are blocked ?
front and back windshields are n't that hard to break .
if nothing else , kick them out with your feet .
and i suppose the driver did n't have a cellphone .
it 'll be interesting to hear the rest of the story .
so far it does n't add up .
i wished i would have been here to read all about it-------for months and months hundreds of liberals   on here have been bragging clinton was going to be our next president and how trump had less than zero of a chance .
they bullied murkowski and sullivan to publicly denounce trump .
they even boasted alaska was going to become a blue state .
they claimed don young was done too .
well , early november morning was as sweet as it gets .
all you liberals remained in my thoughts as i gazed out on the beach 's of maui knowing even alaskan 's made the right choice .
trump will be great for alaska .
just wait   and see .
i 'll ask him not to punish murkowski and sullivan for being turn coats .
that could be more affordable for you .
a red herring from a red - neck .
how does chess relate to people in real life ?
whites always come first
whatever , no one helps the little guy as much as america .
just look at how many revolutions we finance around the globe .
we love helping the little guy , just ya know so long as they index their oil prices a lil lower than their current regime when they come into power .
can we deport this loser to syria .
url
where did you get the dumb idea that only latinos are able to avail themselves of the fund ?
have you been tweeting with trump ?
hi i m 20 year old male in louisville kentucky and have nt found one skin or even any1 proud of being white is there anymore like me out there ?
i 'd give her half my pizza if i got affordable health care and college education in exchange .
i hate when i send myself a tweet that i thought was funny and when i wanna look back on it it 's deleted & # 128532 ;
makes you wonder how we invented anything at all and built nations that were the envy of the brown world when our countries were mostly white .
and that 's why all those hispanics and blacks who voted for obama twice did n't vote for anyone at all last november ?
the republicans took all their registration cards away ?
trump is toast ?
how 'd that referendum on trump work out for you yesterday in ga . ?
liberals poured 25 million into the race and still lost .
just as with hillary , democrats picked the wrong candidate .
plus the guy could n't even vote for himself because he did n't live in the district he was running for .
just like here in alaska .
democrats keep sending poor quality candidates to run against don young and then scratch their heads wondering why they lost again and again and again and again .
to be fair , they could n't even find one good democrat to run for governor last election so maybe they just do n't have any good people within their ranks .
how very sad .
king abdullah of jordan has agreed to open the first refugee tent city to accept the refugees currently stuck in greece and italy because hungary and poland wo nt take them for eight years obama said jordan would never accept refugees trump maga freedomcaucus
i can partially understand the way you feel because of trump , but the veil is pulled too far over your eyes if you think the dnc cares about you and your family .
i do n't understand how clinton 's pandering does n't disgust you , did you forget about the scripted ' how lazy black people are ' joke that clinton and deblasio acted out during their fundraiser , joking about ' colored people time ' .
hillary even has the guts to minimize the achievements of the great dr. king .
clinton has a long , long track record of making comments which are anti - semitic , anti - black , anti - indian , anti - latino .... how is clinton and the dnc not racist in your eyes but the gop half of america is ?
i know that many racists exist but i think the dnc and msm have you fooled , which is what they are counting from america 's black community .
your list is a bit ridiculous - 
 russia did hack the dnc - both the fbi & the cia say so .
the cia says it was done to help trump win the election , the fbi wo n't go that far .
the globe has never said all white people are racists , just that some are .
there 's racists in every ethnic group .
did the globe really say for certain that iraq had wmd 's ?
pizzagate is definitely fake .
do you really believe that nonsense ? ? ? ?
the white helmets are doing good work .
trump definitely called mexicans rapists .
the globe said stupidly that the cons should be elected but their leader should resign .
they did n't say you could elect the party without their leader becoming pm .
your points range from ridiculous to manipulative but are mostly stupid .
what do a baseball and a mexican have in common ?
the harder you hit it the more english you get
nonsense !
obama referred to republicans as " the enemy " , and never tried to work together .
johnny is just acting like a stupid white male who thinks everything obeys him .
ok can someone explain to me what meghan markle has done to piss off the reptiles this week ? (
other than her disgraceful ongoing refusal to stop being black , obviously )
< user > < user > from being killed by nazis to becoming nazis
wait for the black hispanic looting
these were federally protected birds .
can the feds prosecute all three , meskar , justice and guiterrez for federal crimes that have nothing to do with kaneshiro , kealoha and the city prosecutor 's office ?
like the hawaii health connector , the oahu rail project , please feds , save hawaii from this travesty of justice .
it does n't matter what school they attended what ethnic background they are or how much money their parents have , justice has not been served in this case .
i was happy to see only whites in that movie , though there could ' ve been a few jews or half jews there but i would n't know .
the last true bastion of bipartisanship is criticizing the black muslim refugee congresswoman
@phreshagu_25 yeah you right and you know them mexicans bringing all they family that hoe finna be packed
the post - christian narcissistic of canada have a elephant in the room : alcohol .
> 
 when are they going to put the parents in jail for 14 years for providing booze to teenagers ?
alcohol is associated with over 250 disease , mental illness , car accidents , addiction .
alcohol is much worse than cannabis .
cannabis has not proven to hurt anyone .
> 
 the real problem with driving and cannabis is when someone has 1 drink a hour ( which is legal ) then smoke cannabis and then drive .
cannabis will amplify the effects of alcohol .
> 
  so what really needs to be done   is to apply all these new rules for cannabis to alcohol equally .
but the pcnc do not like that because they are the drinkers .
we can all preach until we 're all blue in the face about politics and it 's not going to change the fact or outcomes that lays ahead for us all
which is not nearly as < number > gay or < number > fun as it sounds
why come here if you hate white people so much ?
funny how everyone wants to come to white nations though is n't it !
i mean mexico for mexicans , india for indians , china for chinese , japan for japanese , me for arabs but white nations for everyone ? ?
your anti white hatred shows ?
why come here if you do n't like music , pork , beer seeing women dressed normal , dogs ?
there is lots of room in the me for you .
oh i know why they come here , it 's for the welfare !
i do miss the old days of european migrants who worked their butts off and made this country great !
built this country , defended this country against that dictator you seem to associate us with .
you are anti white , please leave you are n't good enough for canadian values , why do n't we let smart hardworking latino 's or asians in ?
i hope when the zambian wannabe dictator is kicked out , new - president hichilema will refuse to give sanctuary to lungu 's big mate showerhead when the latter flees sa to escape the 783 + heaven - knows - how - many - more cases of corruption he faces once he 's also thrown out .
youtube - grandson attacks and rapes 87 - year - old bed - ridden amputee grandmother youtube - police are looking for flash mob of black teens who robbed dupont circle store .
we are accepting donations on behalf of rose west who has really made a remarkable transformation from straight white female killer to east indian lesbian kindly send donations to killerdonations org
the milli vanilli christmas album " blame it on the reindeer " did not sell well
agreed , i think there are a fair few in denial .
and to some degree i ca nt blame them , because it cam be emotionally draining being aware of it .
i can honestly say i never thought black americans were assumed to be less american ( mainly because of the pervasiveness of african american culture ( and its appropriation ) ) .
so that is interesting to hear and i 'm curious about how that presents itself and if there are any similarities to the british experience .
alright , i see . :)
i agree that the pride parade left a bad taste in muslims ' mouths , but i think her heart was in the right place .
always give our friends the benefit of the doubt , yeah ?
trump 's cultists are threatened by empowered young women speaking their mind & expressing themselves .
turns out that they do n't approve of serial rapists that hang out with billionaire pedos , presently stealing & caging little brown babies at the border .
and they do n't approve of being treated as less than their male counterparts
looking at trump 's appointments till now is not conducive to any cooperation from anyone .
his appointees are the extremist fringe who are famous for their off - the - wall quotes in the past , and their friendliness ( and business dealings ) with russia .
even traditional republicans are getting worried about what is happening with the appointments and with candidate trump 's behavior as president - elect .
i do n't see any light at the end of the tunnel .
last night on tv i saw a man who has allegedly broken in the chief justice 's offices and stolen computers .
it is a complete joke .
you can see that the poor chap has been set up and the case will not go anywhere .
the " suspect " was even saying he is prepared to undergo any test to prove his innocence .
let us hope he will not die mysteriously so that the case would disappear with him .
basically if the democrats want something it because they figure that in the long run it makes it easier for gay latino muslims to rape your kids mpcstatusupdates
nigger please you do not have the first clue about anyting other than what white people tell you the same people that think you are a joke and uneducated house negro have you taken a moment to listen to yourself you are a shitass on top of that
" i m always here for objective beyonce analysis but i do not see what y all see for ashanti and never have " " oh babay " " & # 128580;&#128514 ; "
dolphin , these " dreamers " are by definition the ones who chose to register and get on the right side of the law as soon as daca gave them a way to do that .
these kids are the ones who have taken legal steps .
they 've applied and have been accepted .
and , furthermore , as per the discussion above , the economics indicate they are not taking your tax dollars ; they are paying their fair share .
this why i hate these dykes 😂 😂 😂
abortions for niggers jews arabs spics gooks should not be a right it should be a law white women should never have an abortion because it takes up valuable resources for people of colour if you are a white women and you have an abortion you should be labeled a racist < user > ‍
only jesus christ can save .
god bless you all
what 's a mexicans favorite sport ?
cross country !
@trappmoneyb domestic abuse in lgbtq relationships is a real epidemic and is under reported especially in male to male relationships .
url
another dumb bitch ratio
if , in the span of 24 hours , two islamic terrorists shit and killed 40 people in separate places , republicans would be foaming at the goddamn mouth demanding there be citizenship requirements and a religious test to buy a gun in this country .
the most disgusting aliens ever to hit the earth , they are responsible for 500 years of slavery , genocides , apartheid , dispossession , separation , racism , discrimination , global warming , and more .
url
it breaks my heart to know that my fav coach is leaving and i 'm rlly gon na miss her w all my heart but pls stay lit u da best ily orms & # 128575;&#128150;&#128150;&#128150;&#128150 ;
chris pederson , much of what you said is false .
maybe instead of trying to bring up hillary clinton you could work on facts .
you would be the better for it .
we conservatives used to enjoy facts , now we whine about hillary ... sad
a real piece of work also bending over for the arabs metruth ausfam
if you were smart you would nt create a white pride school group , take it from someone who has been through it .
< user > only one misusing scholars words and glorifying slavery here that islam tried to abolish in every way is you tfou 3 leik 🤢 🤮
jz already made it clear ; he will only go if the " masses " tells him to go .
what a racist administration !
so hispanics , philippinos , blacks , indians , and poor old whitey will not get the jobs on federal land , but they will get to pay for the natives hired by the feds to do the so called " work " .
racial discrimination pure and simple fostered by the obama administration .
this is proof enough we can not allow clinton to take the presidency .
she will be obama on steroids .
the noose tightens .
no trump tweets for a couple of days - gen. kelly seems to have the donald under control , at least for now .
african slave descendants mexicans ex pri socdem voters chinamen socialists and hindians socialist all vote on the same side along with queers and feminists the problem is immigration of races whose people lack protestant north sea germanic beliefs
some dykes be grown as hell dressing like they mom said they not allowed to get boy clothes 😂
that 's what happens when you allow your own countrymen and women to be molested by vile outsiders .
are the minorities still considered as family , friends , neighbors .... ?
are kashmiris even considered indian ? ?
a crude drawing of a swastika on a wall with spraypaint will only make neutral people associate nazi 's with common lowlife scum .
.@rawobjectivism @robscragga @blackopal80 " google christina hoff sommers wage gap or pay gap "   she uses real facts , not anecdotes . #
equalpay
i wonder why this has been introduced i would n't trust anything that is being taught in our schools - nothing in our schools is for the betterment of our white children and anything that has been newly introduced ( especially in the times we are living in now ) i would be highly sceptical .
simple truth black or white or raghead they need to die
make £ 45 today # bookiebashing !
follow our easy instructions & amp ; start earning now see @ukbookiebash for # free sign up # workfromhome # rt
well this is because they banned incels , the incels migrate , and now people think it 's mgtow that whine .
rose your not a mother , your a mother f -- er .
do n't encourage family members to head to our borders .
go down to central america and do something bitch .
america ca n't take in the whole f -ing world .
this asylum bull shit is a con job , to destroy our economy and destroy our nation ! ! ! .
fuck off ! ! ! .
trump 2o20 .
farmer - yeah i was pissed last night when i was banned .
i at least got 3 comments for 24 hrs .
most of comments are rejected because the 3 people " approving " them do n't agree with them , not because they are not civil .
i did see art chance who wrote " f#^^ you frank and ended with a fu adn .
i died laughing , and then i got my adn spanking and realized exactly why art was extra pissed .
i died laughing , almost peed my pants .
have no idea what that comment was referencing but i sure wanted to read the thread !
@kenolin1 @andthenisleep they must be eradicated .
all of them .
this is way beyond " enough " .
it will take a decades of ( unobstructed ) hard work to repair .
it 's mind boggling that some sick fucks , still support them .
just mind boggling !
brp inc. ( doo - t ) following its dealer meeting and analyst event last week , where it reaffirmed its goal of $ 6 - billion in sales by fiscal 2012 .
2012 ?
a couple do look grey but the majority of it looks like an ashy blonde colour that really does not blend well with the mousy brown .
i think this is just badly done highlight and seeing as this person has awful taste in clothing and posts crap like this i would n't expect them to have much better taste in dye jobs
two of my best friends are immigrants from mexico and lithuania respectively .
they tell veeeery different stories about growing up in america with english as their second language .
wow you racist son of a biscuit eater .
" white folks have been ripping up for years " !
fyi there is a very high percentage of those " folks ripping up " are hispanic , native americans and black .
so do n't give all the credit / blame to one race .
@wokieleaks1 they do n't care about intelligence or anything of the like , they just want an excuse to hate the evil browns
ms < number > and arabs pouring into the us from the south
precinct and campaign meetings will confirm that it is only whites who hold any ideals about government non whites want free govt cheese and jews are crazy for power
@sadfalafel go back to where you came from then immigrant 😡 😡 😡 😡
inna lillahi wa inna ilayhi rajiun death is inevitable may allah take our souls when he most pleased with us and forgive all of the muslim umma ameen
" you 've got to do it every single day .
you 've got to do it at practice , you 've got to do it when you do n't feel good , you 've got to do it when you travel , you 've got to do it when you 're tired .
you just do it every single day .
that becomes the norm and the expectation .
that 's what we have to set here . "
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = 
 that should be on the dressing room wall and on the back of every paycheck , even if he did borrow heavily from ken dryden .
an overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... more for taurus https://t.co/7et3tieiyr
my hope from the new year is that i wo n't be subjected to any more of this lefty propaganda .
< user > < user > but why a hindu name aren ’ t muslims names normal to be used in a movie
feminization 99 % complete   # tgirl # nurse # cosplay # tranny # feminization # mtf url
ever wonder why no one can afford to go see them on the average salary ?
no one is worth that for doing anything .
< user > illegal for where check any list of top < number > global watchers of gay porn and naija is always there those people recently rescued from an islamic school in the north also reported being sexually assaulted and raped by their teachers illegal for where
" @americanair aa thanks for the update of " " still ca n't find flight crew " " thanks for allowing me to miss my parade .
the worst ! ! ! "
how annoying when u keep trying to go to a toilet in s club and the dj keeps playing banger after banger
i feel like spanish ... is a poor people language .
i 'm more into chinese .
note how quickly the left wing hate media site nbc goes to bashing white people and citing far left hate group splc in reaction to an armenian act of violence
do many women get turned off by men who post nudes online ?
hillary to degenerate one dyke to another
i heard those kids at the border deserved it .
# justintruder , the # socialmedia purifier , on url : - racial slur   - hate speech   - personal abuse   gab links : url url url 🤓   @cbc @thecurrentcbc @cbctoronto @piya chattopadhyay url
that shit does nt even make sense so yes for wetback lmao
good job deflecting trumps issues back to obama but you forgot to demean the author .
perhaps you 've also forgotten how the republican led congress worked to block anything and everything obama tried to accomplish so he had little choice in attempting to help the dreamers
i went on the edl page last night and i saw the funnies thing .
first state in the us to protect trans people from discrimination in employment / housing !
i was kinda proud to learn that factoid .
1993 .
this is a sad situation for ahmad 's family .
< user > maybe you meant muslims because arab is not a religion it an ethnicity before zionist colonization a century ago you had jewish arabs in palestine but muslims were about < number > of the population it means that most israeli jewish immigrated muslims were chased
i do not care about so called exceptional white people who are not racist at the end of the day white supremacy is a business
yes !
i , a deplorable , basement - dwelling , bucket of idiot , b@st@rdized catholic , needy latino , everyday american black super predator , muslim ne’er - do - well sand negro , shall vote for clinton .
she shall unite us all — just like she promised at the convention !
i know that the russians are trying to rig our elections by telling everyone how we tried to rig our elections .
it does not matter that bill turned the white house into a brothel , lied to congress , and was disbarred for perjury , then had to make a nearly $ 1,000,000 settlement .
bill is not running for president ; his enabler is .
there is no story here !
the story about the awful alt - reich evangelical protestant preacher wannabes harassing the latino congregation is awful .
trumpkins tend to be bullies .
using debt to pay for a state required financial obligation is adding to our budget deficit .
this ai n't even some yee haw shit , this some yee yee shit .
bet he came out the womb wearing carhartt
censorship is violence therefore violence against those who want to censor is warranted and ethical as self defense
was there supposed to be like some weird dramatic shit after jason went missing ?
like he was gon na come back all dramatic like ?
i 'd like to know where this era of unity was that you 're talking about .
seems to me america 's always had a lot of in - fighting .
if it was n't the blacks it was the puerto ricans or the mexicans or the chinese or the italians or the irish or the ... get the picture ?
the only time we " unite " is when we can hate someone else like the muslims or the nazis .
we never unite for each other ... just to fight someone who we think threatens us .
coding like a boss _ get what you ’re owed - audigy group coding plays a big role in getting reimbursed for audiology services provided ...
fri 11:00 : mainly cloudy .
30 percent chance of drizzle early this afternoon .
high 8 .
uv index 3 or moderate .
he is correct though only because such folk are more intelligent than dark skinned persons but can whites claim to be discriminated against by the orientals and other asians who are better at mathematics than us
thank you steve ! ! !
i was a pleasure meeting you .
we inherited this mess from the boomers it our responsibility to make sure gen z inherits a better scenario we need to reverse this globalist coordinated trend of white displacement in the west it our obligation
man , if we had a total ban on slavery then people would still be trafficked .
no sense in doing that either .
xx : xx * do n't shea , remind you of of one of roger from american dads personalities with a black curly wig ? ? ? ! *
like she faking being a human being and no substance and joking human beings just to get what she wants and wants sympathy for simple things ... with love shea !
-david
i 'm fucked up , homie you fucked up but we gon na be aight ! !
i admit , you got me on that one , allie .
spanish speaking countries are total failures all over the world .
the populace pays their life savings and risk their lives   to get   the hell out .
no groundbreaking science being led by spanish latin america .
just drugs and counterfeit money .
do you know how stupid you just made yourself look ? !
my favorite book ever has a second book from a different perspective and i just ca n't wait to read it .
more angelic christian boys ... ? ? ?
undoubtedly , the parents are proud of how they instilled these acts into their lowlife kids .
url
... lol no .
and you do nt think 3rd world shit holes do nt " pillage rape , and enslave " ?
lol get real .
they do it 1000x worse .
go to africa and have a look .
the 1st world also supplys trillions to 3rd world and they do fuck all with it .
europe / north america needs to be for european decent .
you can have everything else .
middle east for arabs asia for asians south america for south americans africa for africans ect fair is fair .
we can see how well they do on their own .
good luck
how do jews use the state or any organizational position of power to bully those they choose into corruption and degeneracy start with congress i understand that they take leftist sometimes anti white positions at political rallies do you have specific examples
< user > one last time skippy the white house released the notes on your treasonous conversation with zelensky your own white house they must hate you so much to have done that
here 's some research for ya mr. bauer .
surely you will be able to support president obama in light of the news that 255,000 jobs were created last month : 

 " under president obama , the american economy has now experienced 77 months of consecutive private sector job growth , but trump calls this “ a disaster . ” "
richest person in 
 
 china : ma huateng , $ 42.8bn 
 france : bernard arnault , $ 62.9bn 
 germany : karl albrecht jr , $ 29.2bn 
 india : mukesh ambani , $ 38.9bn 
 japan : masayoshi son , $ 22.8bn 
 russia : alexey mordashov , $ 17.8bn 
 saudi arabia : prince alwaleed $ 16.5bn 
 us : jeff bezos , $ 94.9bn
i grew up in georgia , and i now live in greeley ... i see a lot of morons waving that flag up here .
people who obviously are using it to make a statement about their beliefs on race .. i see a lot of intimidation of brown folks here .
the last cinco de mayo i saw a big jacked up truck with giant trump and confederate flags attached to the bed , with a couple young guys inside .
they were yelling stuff at a latino family at   an intersection , and when the light turned green they took off in a big cloud of black diesel exhaust .
it reminded me of my youth in ga .
i was pretty appalled .
by now i 've lived in colorado most of my life , and i 'd never seen anything like this here .
it was very disappointing .
the lack of widespread racism is one of the things that made me appreciate colorado .
not everyone in weld county is a wack job secessionist , tea party nut , or a racist troglodyte , but stuff like this does n't help the county image and in the long run hurts our community on an number of fronts .
< user > agree with ananya baby every hindu muslim sikh isai should travel in economy class sonam kapoor
here are the only ones i have ever seen taras .
bulba . [
1962 ] - youtube wow , there is a re - make of taras bulba .
raccooneggs we need some of raccooneggs jokes in this
there are no " politically correct " " requirements " for you ( obviously ) or anyone else .
what some call " politically correct " is nothing more than everyday politeness and basic respect for our fellow humans , regardless of race , creed , or color .
that 's why so many boorish , angry and hateful people sneer at common decency .
it just so happens their are a whole lot of boorish , angry and hateful people , who also hate any respect for others and common decency .
that 's why trump has modeled his public speech to appeal to the boorish , hateful , angry mob he calls his base .
you asked for it , you got it ( and how ! ) ,
toyota .
watching my retarded cat play with catnip is probably the best part of my day guys
wow you look so mexican in this picture !
you look so much better now !
@tuckercarlson i find your naïveté disturbing how many times have you been called the n - word ?
followed in stores ?
questioned about why you are driving in a certain nhood ?
you are to use your platform for the good of humankind not pander to ratings- god sees u
< user > < user > < user > u can make up anything to fit your argument only a dummy thinks a victim getting a settlement for being raped is selling herself remy shot a woman so of course she sides with the rapists and not the victim ghetto mentality
uh oh , the pc police are here to tell us what 's racist ...
lol 2 mass shootings by white supremacists in hardly a weeks time is an outlier we probably dobt need to address ? ? ?
grow a brain ffs
< user > you confound arabs with north africains white people romains and iberian origin and i am the illiterate how many languages do you speak doctor in geography which is pointing africa in the arabic peninsula i speak < number > like a native sucker
as demonstrated by his many bankruptcies perhaps he can sidestep this based on absence of ' profit ' .
however , he would need to release his tax documents under discovery to demonstrate that .
he should release his taxes if he has nothing to hide .
bc some females do n't know how to chill lmao url
hey i got an idea lets wait for asians latinos and white people to create a worldwide company then complain that they wo nt give us an executive job without any education or self reliance we will call it racism then claim affirmative action
many professionals make life and death decisions : fire fighters , police , soldiers , ems workers .
the difference between doctors and these folks is that doctors generally make more money than these folks and under the old rules , doctors pay less in taxes that these folks .
if you want to pay doctors more , then do it honestly and pay them more , do n't tax them less .
that is just unfair .
what 's a mexicans favorite sport ?
cross country !
get fucked they should be shot and killed for crossing illegally , all of them .
racists in denton 🤷 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️ 😂 never thought i d see it but here we are i got called a nigger at home depot 😅 not just once but multiple times
on the prairies they call this tuesday .
i hope your prius starts .
flaring your nostrils in every photo is the new white trying to be black
true dat if you take your daughter to see this little spic whore and her troop of gyrating stage baboons you already put her on the road to death and depravity ahmed just sped things up
notice how the article only compares blacks to whites and leaves out other major racial / ethnic groups like hispanics and asians ?
https://www.nbcnews.com/news/asian-america/racial-gender-wage-gap-persists-asian-american-men-top-average-n602076 
 " white men earn a median $ 21 an hour , making more money than women across all races , according to a pew research center analysis of bureau of labor statistics data .
they also earn more than black and hispanic men , who make a respective $ 15 and $ 14 median hourly wage .
the only group that out - earns white men is asian men , who earn $ 24 , according to the report . "
if there are factors such as " discrimination " as the article states , then why do asian men earn more than white men ?
could it be that asian men work harder , value education and family more than white and black men and that discrimination does n't have a gd thing to do with it ?
this article is a great example of how the leftist media tries to misinform the public in order to push its agenda .
< user > so ppl do not go to church bc i said wearing blue jeans were ghetto not because your great aunt billie mae asked your dyke ass to wear a dress or to stop holding your boyfriend hand on the first pew bc of jeans akskksk i am tired
that 's disgusting .
she 's hindu and supports economic policies that will lead to the extinction of many species including humans .
terrible woman .
every slant in # losangeles should be deported .
those scum have no right to be here .
chinatown should be bulldozed .
no bum hoes formed against me shall prosper , amen
that pussy ass nigga was from allen he should 've brought his punkass to west dallas , the grove or the cliff where there 's mexicans everywhere and see if he would 've left that hoe alive url
catfish man will post on this sub from now on since his posts cause to many brigades and are not being approved anymore
yeah , but back in the day there were n't that many millions nigs and wetbacks .
" up to 80 % of gun homicides in this country are gang related , either black on black ( 55 % ) , or hispanic on hispanic , and occur in the inner cities . "
that 's the point .
if there were n't so many guns on the street , there would be fewer gun homicides .
" deaths from mass shootings are such a small percentage of the total , they 're almost irrelevant . "
they 're not irrelevant to the friends and family of the 59 people killed and 500 + wounded in las vegas .
best , 

 rtd
race conscious admissions 🚫 affirmative action .
its acknowledging that students of color often are of low ses , financially independent from their parents , are parents themselves , or are # firstgen college students .
lets work harder to remove obstacles for them ! #
latinxed # hsi
someone 's already leaked the draft background investigation form team trump is drafting .
there 's only one question .
q : are you white ?
motley :    ( if you provide it ; they will come ) .
yaaaa ...............   like fleas on a dog .................. 

 i have seen this first hand , and there are millions more .
there is   a 18 year old mexican   girl who lives down my   street   , and of course , she and   her family are unauthorized immigrants .
there is a 18 year old latino boy and his   latino family that live   next to them that are , unauthorized immigrants .
guess what , , the latino boy is a sperm donor to the mexican girl and she just gave birth .
they are not married , and he is around maybe 1 day a week , and he is not working .
the mexican girl is bragging to the other neighbors about how much she gets each month in   food stamps ,   and ,   welfare   because she now has a child .
as the fleas suck the blood out of the dog , the illegal or unauthorized immigrants are doing the same to our financial resources .
go donald , deport and build the wall .................
come on satin pluck these idiot 's from america trump2020
who to define the way i vote from the way i believe .. no one that s who why because freedom that why being me but voting republican do nt mean my vote truly defines my moral value or belifes for a free nation .
> scabs said he 's a ' suuuper lazy lover in the sack ' so no wonder this mexican bitch with her fake ass and tits and face is off catching loads from every pencil dick in hollywood .
​ she 's so insanely basic , but schrawb loves that kind of basic personality to go with his .
1/2 
 < so trump is de facto racist because he criticizes obama 's policies and has a history of questioning obama 's birthplace ( which , of course , remains debatable ) .
> 
 trump 's racism has been evident the whole of his adult life , going back to his early days as an agent for his father 's ( a former klansman ) real estate business .
it 's evident not only in the birtherism drivel , but in his rhetoric about muslims , mexicans , judges , etc .
etc .
ad nauseam .
there was never a legitimate " debate " about obama 's birthplace ( or his religion or his education ) ; this was always and only a racist effort to portray him as the " other " : not one of " us " ; not a christian ; not smart ; not white .
by the time trump was prancing around the country in 2011 pushing this lie , it had already been thoroughly debunked .
there was never a legitimate debate about this .
waco :   the u.s. government killed dozens of people because of a firearms infraction .
there is a mental health question with jeb if he needed to marry a wetback for politics his family has enough money he could have gotten a telenova star
puerto rican here .
ricky deserves to die in a fucking hole .
legend has it there you tried to sell yourself as a non bias liberal but clearly   you are a paid liberal sheep
was n't there something like a big bang in which a burrito exploded and all the beans flew everywhere and started reproducing exponentially ?
stop sending messico aid money .
stop selling messico anything made or grown in the us .
then build the wall and ignore them .
with any luck they 'll have a revolution and kill most of their population off !
unapologetically american i like legal immigrants who come here to be american and make a better life for themselves and their children the illegals can fuck off
damn dat wetback needs to strap in those moobs
white boy anyway seems like this was the mythical black unicorn living in a house with his woman and their own kids now thanks to the beaner lopez where are americans going to find another black unicorn
who exactly is damaging it 's life support systems ?
the pipe - fitter working in fort macmurray , driving around a f150 , or the film producer in vancouver , driving around in a ford explorer ?
prohibition has never worked .
when there is a demand , there will be a supply .
if you really want to fix the problem , you have to kill the demand .
let 's put the blame where it belongs .
we 're damaging the life support systems when we purchase gasoline .
quit pretending the people who enable our behaviors are responsible for them .
also , here is a link to the thread for meeting other people who are interested in defending our race , whether as militants or negotiators .
abortion rates all that is happening is that newly arrived and growing populations of muslim and mestizo women are carrying more of their pregnancies to full term than the local population of mostly blacks has traditionally done so abortion is nt down they should all be aborted from our lands
i 'm gona fuck your wallet and your wife so bend over and take it you sissy slut ! #
findom # finsubs # fincuck # alpha
" @iamkrause : no need to thank me , killing niggers is it 's own reward . "
dis my pal from our graduation when we was 26
how many islam political ideology followers are also animal activists
how do you feel about minorities ?
this is an amazing , beautiful and inspiring video .
i wish i had the courage to do something like this and actually come out as bisexual .
i 'm so proud of you for being able to do this .
no matter what anyone else thinks about you , eugene , just remember that you are an amazing , inspiring , courageous , and beautiful person .
thank you so much for all you have done to inspire me and others .
do n't pass me the aux cord & # 128514 ; my playlists so bipolar imma have you feeling like a savage then in your feelings to feeling in love
those are quotes directly from anti white semites so shove your fucking anti semitism up your faggot ass
lol 2 mass shootings by white supremacists in hardly a weeks time is an outlier we probably dobt need to address ? ? ?
grow a brain ffs
@yhdenpojanaiti @ericmoo91919605 @debrataddeo @yuh8tm3 @realdonaldtrump name a country they came from that the u.s. destroyed and explain what destroyed it .
do n't walk 20 miles without sunscreen , i look like a lobster !
cont my fecundity and a fuller economic productivity has been outrageously stolen by ghetto blacks mexican invaders white meth trash and now now muslims all to support the kalergi plans of the globalists you know who s no more
odd you do not see white people burning down their own neighborhoods because bill cosby wasn t found guilty but you do see his lawyer and reps on tv acting all ghetto even though they were victorious ghetto rats
an overdose of enthusiasm is particularly troublesome for you ... more for taurus https://t.co/7et3tieiyr
the normal narwhal noticed and named while the nocturnal narwhal nodded and nodded . #
normalnarwhal # nocturnalnarwhal
what do you call a fat mexican ?
spic and span
if you ever find out the why , please post another op - ed .
the white boy in my english class just yelled good morning shut up chad
i might sound annoyed but i m actually super relieved that i will never have to hear anyone compare this to the holocaust or some other shit again
@kylekulinski we need more school shootings .
we need american soldiers to be decapitated .
the working class americans must also suffer alongside the rich elite american as the working class american are greedy racist white & mix race devils .
we need to start off by bombing american embassies .
she should be the employeer , and she needs to be a mexican looking for a cleaning job .
easy to make generalized statements a stopped watch is right twice per day drug addicts can make intelligent statements from time to time even a mentally retarded person knows when to go to the bathroom
what s a similarity between coins and people the brown ones are not worth as much
don , do n't get our hopes up .
you failed to answer john 's question .
if you look like this asshole you must be a spic the only thing lower on the food chain than a f*cking < censored > spic is a f*cking < censored > muslim clearly i do not do pc i actually passed the first grade
diversity is our strength
given that the current answer from the police is largely " turn off the computer " , this should surprise no one .
staff ( black woman ): : who gave you the information ?
client : : some girl that works for you .
staff : : was it so - and - so ? (
a spanish - speaking latina staff member ) client : : no , it was an american girl .
staff : : was it a black woman ?
client : : no !
i already told you it was an american girl .
when the feelz so surreal you got ta break out that tounge i love beaner pussy nomnomonom
lgbt teachers need good coworkers friends school succeeds shirt url
want me one that do n't even say hello
america did n't have civilization before columbus taught them how to extract adrenochrome from babies
@thememoryhole2 suny albany !
interesting .
the chief of police there is an ex - athlete who 'd reportedly been a ( gym ? …
https://t.co/twh9ncb7pj
< user > so ppl do not go to church bc i said wearing blue jeans were ghetto not because your great aunt billie mae asked your dyke ass to wear a dress or to stop holding your boyfriend hand on the first pew bc of jeans akskksk i am tired
you can cope however you want , women are capable of pure love and will geniunly take care of you but we will never have it
according to news reports the jury also acquitted him of involuntary manslaughter in ca when they get a jury of your peers that includes getting anchor baby wetback child rapists
my boyfriend : : what is pride ?
me : : a campus organization for lgbtq people .
my boyfriend : : why should ' they ' be proud ?
me : : * starting to fume * my boyfriend : : why do you have to make these things so personal ?
i 'm a queer female .
i am attracted to both women and men .
he 's heterosexual and has known this about me for over a year .
made me feel incredibly hurt , betrayed , angry , minimalized , not understood .
having anger issues is the worst fucking thing ever cause i be wanting to fight everyone over everything
thir should be a private subreddit where only white listes users are allowed just for lolicon .
that way reddit normies ca nt ruin it
make “ patriot ” as disgusting as “ nazi ” to liberals
< user > < user > illegal immigrant muslims hindu sikh jain buddhist christian and yazidi refugees should be granted asylum and citizenship muslims can and should seek refugee status in pakistan bangladesh and other islamic countries
so i heard rick ross wants to collab with lil peep ....
most whites adapt pretty easy to being a minority as long as the new majority are not violent idiots like blacks whites flee becoming a minority to blacks but they just accept becoming minorities to asians and hispanics
oh , those guys were just trying to holler at you !
what 's a mexicans favourite sport ?
cross country
stop being lazy and write some real jokes instead of just saying paging doctor faggot lol he said a slur therefore its funny
gta san andreas the story of an above average somewhat talented black man who escapes the ghetto and becomes reasonably successful only to be dragged back in in the final act because his brother is a stubborn dumbass -_-
foreign did you note the shitskins with work visas censoring white americans republicans that just the shit workers ads sponsors and the use of secret filters oh boy election meddling and then some
i know there women who lie about getting raped but when there proof how tf can you justify that cause it your boy you all niggas are real life weirdos you all mothers should of never birthed you all forreal mal paridos
she needs to go back to canada and find a horny bull moose .
@phreshagu_25 yeah you right and you know them mexicans bringing all they family that hoe finna be packed
it 's fucked when i 'm angry i 'll literally go all guns blazing but if i 'm upset you wo n't even get a word out of me
voat marvel made miss america into a queer spic with lesbian parents
if you 've read a majority of all of craigers comments , s(he ) has a problem with people with brown skin .
this comment is no different .
craigers does n't care if the hispanics or latinos are legal or illegal .
bigotry at its dumbest .
@kenolin1 @andthenisleep they must be eradicated .
all of them .
this is way beyond " enough " .
it will take a decades of ( unobstructed ) hard work to repair .
it 's mind boggling that some sick fucks , still support them .
just mind boggling !
i hate when i send myself a tweet that i thought was funny and when i wanna look back on it it 's deleted & # 128532 ;
good .
fucking religious whack jobs .
a universe based on norse mythology with norse people it like when tom cruise was the last samurai it was retarded when they did it then and it retarded now
krugman , put up or shut up .
suggest a better medical plan in enough detail to inspire congress and the people to support it .
your carping is without value without explication of alternative possibilities .
what a strong and powerful way of coming out !
the legitimacy of the church is n't as important as the legitimacy of the rite .
baptism , in the name of the triune god is the issue .
similarly , most folks might not balk at a church of christ baptism , even though they 're fully pelagian .
i think if one is truly concerned , they should speak to their elders / pastor about it and seek rebaptism , but so long as they understand what baptism is / isn't .
you have a spic in a spic area he d have had to be the shooter himself almost to get fired a little bit of sexual harassment eyy mamasita joo bee lookin good is nothing to those muds best to deport them all
goes back to when the jews now < number > but a tiny alien bolshevik minority helped set up the naacp primarily run funded manned by jews all through the uncivil rights era adding the negro < number > to their < number > increased their reach < number > fold they use negroes as shocktroops
hella confusing when someone does n't answer ur messages but be watching your every fuckin move still like ignore me at full length u pansy
damn i loved both of them so much , and i forgive him along time ago for being a huge fan of his and then hearing the racist remarks i 'm only bringing his up because i see so many comments from people my community talking about him being racist but this has nothing at all to do with being racist and everything to do with losing his spouse and best friend who had nothing to do with what he said and he has helped way more people of all races than he has hurt , my prayers go out to him and his family and i truly love and miss his wife and always will .
muh national guard career they said i was like a nazi bc i was quiet so i told a story about how i got a spic at work to call the illegal spics spic they then said i was fucked up lol
kevin : ok nina starting s7 we 're going to try bring stelena back .
nina : nah man , i 'm leaving after s6 bc you 're full of shit nina saved us
@ballandthecity @_babsj @rebekahvardy surely her point is equality for everyone ?
equality is nt just for one gender , religion or ethnicity .
think that was her point
you said we thanks for celebrating diversity
your site shows the hispanic women more poorly compensated than the blacks , the whites or the asians .
so they should be having the most abortions according to your ' suggestion ' .
holy crap , now ocrazio is accusing pelosi of racism .
pelosi brought it upon herself , just like the women wanting equality and they get it in the form of transgender boys jumping into their sports .
they asked for equality they got it .
it is awful look at world demographics asians are fucking everywhere another betrayal white genocide is real
@thememoryhole2 suny albany !
interesting .
the chief of police there is an ex - athlete who 'd reportedly been a ( gym ? …
https://t.co/twh9ncb7pj
remember , when you buy california fruit you are supporting illegal immigration because that is all who pick the fruit .
just a friendly reminder .
😁 if you disrespect any if my girls i will drag your limb dick , pasty ass , cum stain of an excuse of a life in front of all of twitter and own your ass .
then i will have my girls re tweet your destruction via their fans .
👹
saw this at sainsburys i am still trying to work out the motive is it majority of the population demographic need not apply or let empower muslim women to work to try recover the hemoraging welfare state or is it virtue signalling on behalf of the toxic masculine patriarcy
< user > < user > < user > omg they actually said that shit disgusting and they get mad when you call them white supremacists
u r such a fuckin hoe i love it u r such a fuckin hoe i love it u r such a fuckin hoe i love it ur boyfriend a dork mclovin
white greeks are not white
the restaurant owner insists that it is n't a british restaurant .
the protesters have suggested she rebrand as such multiple times , but she resists .
< user > < user > < user > could you pray for all the kids who were raped by the priests and pastors over the past many decades maybe your jealous god could help his chosen flock keep there wieners in their pants god is not great
hey my commissions are open so get ready for a thread later on abt how to get stuff / how to pay me lolol
neither bill c-16 , the charter of rights and freedoms , nor any other law in canada forces you to recognize someone 's identity .
our laws only exist to prevent you from unlawfully discriminating against someone on the basis of their identity .
if you want to harbour ill - will towards people based on their race , ethnicity , nationality , age , gender or disability , there 's no law that says you ca n't .
but there are laws that prevent you from discriminating against people on those grounds , in certain situations .
like in the workplace .
it 's true that the charter 's rights and freedoms are only binding on the federal government per se .
nevertheless , the charter 's provisions oblige the federal government to pass laws which extend those rights and freedoms into certain areas .
the charter right to freedom from discrimination has little value if everyone but the federal government can violate it , whenever and wherever they like .
i made bread today 
 tfw no qt gf to share your bread with 

 tfw no qt gf to put flour in your hair playfully while making it 

 feels fucking bad man
two points : 

 1 .
i was specifically replying to the atheist - op - ed writer , who , while writing cogently about jesus christ 's commandment about loving others , did n't mention what he ( the writer ) did during the christmas season as to helping the disadvantaged .
the core message of atheism is that of denial of   god through christ , without actually doing anything substantive to help the poor .
2 .
yes , of course there are secular - based charities that do good work .
but atheists have not really organized themselves into " " churches " , until recently -- something that would give atheism the potential to do good work as atheists .
the three monotheistic religions   ( christianity , judaism , islam ) all emphasize helping the poor .
on this point , where are the atheists ?
i mean , really ?
back to the op - ed piece , the writer makes good points , as ideas .
but for me christmas is a time of giving and the sharing of christian love . --
david murrell , economics , unb at fredericton
why are browns always the most lit ?
they always blow up 
 ( first post seems bad )
bro my neighbors are some fucking thieves ain t nothin worse then ghetto white ppl 😒
what do you call a fat mexican ?
spic and span
appreciate allah 's love and mercy .
why do so many filthy wetback half - breed spic savages live in # losangeles ?
none of them have any right at all to be here .
feminists who are so concerned about female harassment and abuse address the muslim migrant rape problem in europe or shut up
fuck life tbh 
 its just not worth living in 2017 .
< user > girl i use my email for anything important cause that shit too ghetto 😂 😭
covertly invest into non white areas invest in ghetto abortion clinics help to raise money for free abortions in primarily non white areas perhaps abortion clinic syndicates throughout north america that primarily operate in non white areas and receive tax support should be promoted margaret sanger eugenics
daca college grads are the only mexicans mexico would even want back they may have college debt think they will pay it if they are deported nah priorities illegal criminals illegal welfare suckers illegal women very pregnant dreamers were made legal by the obama daca congress may do it too
camel raping sandniggers lazy dumb niggers and dirty tacobending beaners inspire me
wow i seriously never realized that spic kids watch tv 🤔 i guess i always imagined them just smoking drugs making burritos and sleeping with their butts to the wall when uncle jose stumbles in wasted on taquila at < number > a m
can someone bus trailer park trash meagain mctrustfund out of the united states ?
better yet , lock her up in a detention center .
her sense of entitlement must be brought back to earth .
ramadan kareem to all my mutuals muslims and all muslims around the world 💖
what is white and covers the streets on a winter morning ?
employed people
warning : if my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways then i will hear from heaven and i will forgive their sin and will heal their land .
babies blood is crying out from the ground , false accusations against the president , disrespect men with men women with women , fornicators , fowl mouths ... etc a new green deal will not help you , only humility and repentance will god hear .
america in god we trust we are the people called by his name .
stop killing our babies ban abortion .
we need to repent from our wicked ways .
and in other news the matsu with state help is going to spend 1.6 million on the barge dock at port mckenzie , and according to the ktuu legislative cost overrun clock these two special sessions have cost over 2 million , yet 8 million had to be cut from ua , not that there is n't plenty of cuts that can be made there , its just odd that they so celebrate those cuts and continue to waste money upon themselves and their pet projects .
on everything my best friend live in chicago and i will take that pussy nigga life fucking disgust me 👎 🏾 👎 🏾 👎 🏾
< user > these hoes are strippers i ’ m done arguing with fleas lmao
i told 'em i wish i would , i fuck her in the butt , go douche
thank you paul for your thoughts .
i am encouraged to see mostly civil thoughtful comments as well .
starting somewhere with this debate is crucial .
mental health does play a role in gun violence , as does domestic violence , abundance and ease of access firearms making it a convenient solution to conflict resolution , and of course more recently is the religious ideological war being waged .
this i am confident will increase over time if it remains so easy to attain firearms .
we need to continue the debate regarding the evolving gun culture in this country .
one place to start is to understand the answer to this question .
what is the primary purpose of firearms ?
so far no one i have asked has responded correctly .
they exist to take life .
something not to be taken lightly as any reasonable person would agree .
changing how we think about firearms and our culture is crucial .
no change in either legislation , and our culture is not acceptable .
our culture is capable of change as history shows .
yep , and do n't pump treated drinking water into fire - hydrants ( as per the story ) .
< user > cus y all some faggots 🤮
it is also possible he was reaching for his wallet , just as instructed and just as the girlfriend claims .
you do n't know and , obviously , neither did the officer .
do you think he would have been shot if he was a white woman ?
of course not .
conor cherry would want to keep his fucking day to himself now
pedophiles .... are fucking immature assholes .
dude get real we rent 3 bed 2 bath near the canal for 1850 .
six of us , yeah we share beds 3 guys with 3 girls were all good .
we all work diff shifts so its easy peasy .
muh based peanut butter dat da oneliest invention whites ain t steal from da black man actually blax ain t invent no peanut butter but it possible their < number > invention was slavery de jews invented da turrible turrible legacy of slabery ™
it takes belief in false morality to commit atrocities .
those who believe in the false morality of anti - abortion , anti - gay religions are primed for authoritarianism .
they use their beliefs to prop themselves up as superior to others .
they excuse all transgressions made by hose who share their beliefs .
that is how they excuse the obvious and undeniable immorality of trump .
it is only a small step from there to dehumanizing others and committing genocidal acts like separating migrant children from their parents or ignoring the threat of climate change .
< user > no sorry that man has more important issues to deal with here in this country then following a phantom around the world the rise of white supremacy accused sex offenders and sweet heart deals rampant gun violence barrs hands are dirty
this is what most american people with their electoral college wanted and voted for .
this is what they call democracy .
we canadians can only watch and wait for the next shoe to drop .
it would be entertaining if it were n't so serious .
in a few weeks , americans will celebrate lincoln and washington .
both had their wars and the country was very divided .
now we watch the markets .
“ give a man a fish and he ’ll eat for a day . ” “
deport a man and never have to feed him again . ”
-trump
because the mexicans do n't want poor guatemalans in their country .
is this racist or prejudiced ?
yes .
@themadsloth i pray justice will rain on this parade .... and god will have his way w the ones who persecute the jewish people ! !
i can not go to a restaurant amp eat a burger that ’ ghetto
< user > the holocaust happened alright it was during the holocaust when ole george soros sold his soul to lucifer
it 's becoming clear that i need to find more people in sf that are press / corporate competent so i can write some gd code 😜
hungary must stick to its guns it is a sad day when sticking to ones guns means simply enforcing the law as proscribed
p. t. barnum would have been proud .
let 's start by deporting ( or hanging ... i do n't care ) these mother f'ers !
this is proof that today 's immigrants are very different than my ancestors and they are n't assimilating and feel entitled to our country and want to take it over .
get every single one of these pos mexicans in this video the fk out of our country ! ! ! !
url
calm down , no reason to yell .
you should do a little research .
yes , a restaurant can refuse service for improper clothing , poor hygeine or for being a disturbance , no one is arguing that .
what a business owner can not do is refuse service based on sexual orientation .
that would be against colorado law .
the baker does not have the right to discriminate based on anything , his religion , or the constitution .
the constitution does not have anything in i that says you can discriminate based on religion .
the baker is immature and choosing to be offended .
how will he know in the future is he is making a cake for a gay wedding ?
what if the mother of a bride goes into the shop and asks for a wedding cake ?
is the baker going to ask the mother if the cake is for a gay wedding ?
he has to be told the cake is for , a gay wedding .
then he chooses to be offended .
if he does not know , he will make the cake and not be offended .
i bet he has made cakes for gay weddings and did not know it .
drove 600 miles to the boarder to kill as many mixed and brown people as possible .
this is n't mental health , it 's terrorism .
url
imagine fixing the entire timeline was just kissing ur s / o the gays are rlly that powerful
raindrawp drawp top i look like a faggot in a crop top
i m sure those moab bombs do nt damage the homes of hard working christian arabs right ↓
it a bitch to find i accidently opened it how i did it was i opened a list and pressed the top of the first post i will get you the screenshot
daca college grads are the only mexicans mexico would even want back they may have college debt think they will pay it if they are deported nah priorities illegal criminals illegal welfare suckers illegal women very pregnant dreamers were made legal by the obama daca congress may do it too
the ethnic cleaning is in reality the reverse , this is a wahhabi campaign , backed by kuwait and saudi 's .
the jihadist rebels are trying to create their own little " islamic stare " so they can claim the off - shore oil and gas .
well now i have seen it all a chinaman wearing a kilt
deportations are underway oh the feels just remember when you are all cozy in your bed at night some poor beaner has to sleep with one eye open lest the right wing deportation squad extracts it from its hiding place ragnar ds
in the movie titanic , how did rose stay afloat ?
with her back on the driftwood and her legs on jack .
wow so no more paintings of police as murderous pigs by untalented minorities no more gay porn touted as art i am good with that
funny how the people that go full retard lost their < number > minutes like < number > years ago even colin lost that < number > went full retard strange creatures these libtards
this is unhinged denial .
you are comparing the bither issue , and uninformed voters , and some conspiracies to an actual shooting of a republican and the desired to shot more republicans .
when you just realize you brought everything for your camera but the damn lenses .
stupid blown
i compared the church whose priests raped little boys then supported those pedophiles and helped move them around to cover it all up to the kkk yes .
not to mention all the anti gay and abortion crap they spew on about .
both evil .
beautiful video .
glad to see the a added to lgbtq+ and making lgbtqa+ .
i am asexual ( hereto romantic )   was an ally before i found out .
i have been afraid to come out , but when i learned what my situation was called and that there are more people like me i was trilled .
i can still fall in love with men and still get married .
so happy , thank you for the video , it gave me courage .
hello to all the try guys .
💜 🖤 💜 🦄
mr. akina ’s campaign is heartfelt .
i too wish everything could be fixed .
realistically , the problem is the result of usa 's illegal occupation of the hawaiian kingdom .
they have placed their government soh , neither de facto nor de jure to the displacement of hk 's government .
the office of the us president holds has the power to honor this unjustice .
honor the queen liliuokalani and grover cleveland 's two executive agreements of 1893 .
he has that power to order the commander in chief of the pacific fleet to begin immediate de - occupation .
law of occupation will be enforced .
the soh governmental heads will be remove and the installation of the hk government heads will begin to assemble .
the 1864 hawaiian kingdom constitution will take its place again .
those employed by our government will swear to hk law .
we hope for a smooth transition .
until then , we hold on to truth :   continue our lifestyle , stand pono , praying for justice , and keep learning the truth to guide our hk .
eo
" but catholic scholars did not get permission to do critical analysis of the bible using modern exegetical methods until long after protestants already were doing that , so it 's taken them awhile to catch up . "
specifically , 1943 , with pius xii 's encyclical divino afflante spiritu .
at the expense of repeating myseld whaddya expect from a free speech sm platform run by a kike and a street shitter free speech
just a friendly reminder .
😁 if you disrespect any if my girls i will drag your limb dick , pasty ass , cum stain of an excuse of a life in front of all of twitter and own your ass .
then i will have my girls re tweet your destruction via their fans .
👹
are we going to see letters from hispanics / latinos to la raza or the mexican mafia or m13 ?
blacks to black panthers or crips or bloods or vice lords or gangster disciples ?
it appears that there 's only one problem in the u.s. ?
yeah i do n't wish bad things to happen to anyone , but why could n't those people see this coming ?
https://t.co/g9o5hyrdhl
but something definitely needs to be corrected like i said besides war because the poor needs help as well money spent on stupid stuff could easily end poverty because it 's them and the middle class suffering the worst
females can be so pretty amp kill it by tryn too hard to be “ ghetto ” n “ hood ” when they really squares its a shame 🤦 ‍ ♀ ️
let 's fix america by transforming it into mexico .
sounds good right ?
we need to get these anti american congress women out of congress and deport them to the country they really work for .
isis will now attack america
did you actually go to this protest ?
report please !
how was the soup at the soup kitchen ?
what kind did they serve ?
the farms are hiring kids !
ooooooookay .
that 's just your opinion .
facts are what matters .
if what you wrote were true , obama would have been impeached well before this point in trumps presidency .
< user > the police snapper is aiming to kill all protestors or make them permanently blind 😡
congrats europe .
this is the first time in your 2000 history that you let yourself be invaded by militant islam from within no less .
great job .
url
it 's not the coffee that lost me to tims , it 's the poor food quality and service inside the place that turned me off .
i found a very good independent place and tim 's is fast becoming a distant memory
i am confused they say that national identity is made up are they really trying to say it ok to be white regardless of any borders are they really trying to say whites are the best regardless of any borders
" " " we stopped looking for monsters under our bed when we realized they were inside us " " -charles darwin "
< user > yea a gay one
well it sleeping beauty they plan to rewrite first cause she never gave consent to be kissed by the prince the left are seriously fucked in the head and if the bbc show it i am sure she will be a black moslem like thor was
do adjectives escape you ?
it 's radical muslims and illegal mexicans .
see how the adjectives make the difference to an educated mind ?
obfuscating the truth by refusing to be specific is both disingenuous and dishonest .
if we should ever have to go to war with mexico again could we win !
no more mexicans and make english only laws
of course not .
the power of the imams requires crusaders to go after .
the jews and the christians used to be " people of the book " in previous centuries ; today 's terrorists have gone back to a meaner time .
i ’ m tryna get drunk and this negro playing w my emotions
mel , have you been sniffing glue again .
w   h   i   t   e     p   o   w   e   r 
 h 
 i 
 t 
 e 

 p 
 o 
 w 
 e 
 r﻿
someone forces a brown cock into a woman pussy omg we need to take action this is unacceptable fucking culture that disrespects women buildawall someone forces a white cock into a woman pussy boys will be boys sluts should not be drinking why did not she fight harder
stupid hispanics , ruining it for everyone .
from my perspective , what you present is correct and the prevailing issue in our shortage of priests .
yet there are other , lesser , issues involved as well , no ?
the current crop of bishops that are the powers - that - be in the vatican are all products of the monarchal church and of the specific european type ( no matter where they are originally from ) .
the vatican is roman and so are all who is takes in .
and , unfortunately , so are the " successors in waiting . "
the culture of the vatican is the major impediment to the retention of and attraction of new catholics because it stuck in previous centuries .
there were three people on a bridge ... a mexican , a russian and an american .
the russian takes a bottle of vodka throws it in the river and says , " we have too much of this in my country . "
then the mexican throws a taco of the bridge and says , " we have too much of this in my country . "
then the american picks up the mexican , throws him into the river and says , " we have too many of these in my country . "
see niggas they be mad and all these hoes go & # 128584 ;
do n't pick her !
i do n't disagree with you .
did you catch the part in the article where trump relies on these guest   workers ?
interfaith discussion in cardiff on the religious significance of jerusalem to the jews , the christians & the muslims -fostering better understanding and finding common ground url url
" he explained that contracts in 2009 , 2010 and 2012 were not “ properly vetted ” and lacked “ clarity , ” and so contained inaccuracies . "
am i missing something ?
where is the accountability ?
why does every1 come in my room and never shut the fucking door
shut your bitchass up ur a feen i feed off u
how to stop black kids jumping on your bed ?
easy .
put velcro on the ceiling .
bonus : how to get them down ?
tell the mexican kids is a piñata .
@hollandcourtney @bmcadory9 i 'm not surprised , these same pc lunatic reprobates call men , women and women , men .
< user > i am bi so i get the gay pass
my friends amp my boo not tryna drunk with me this is ghetto
@ritapanahi walk away from the pay day !
i do not care what god you believe in !
i do n't care if you believe in no god !
i care that we all have right to believe in what we want to believe !
but your rugby mate i believe delivered a hate speech !
< user > this is nt a mosque a simple islamic architecture palace
time to play my favorite game : is it the stomach flu , did i eat something wrong or is my crohns dz back with a vengeance
inna lillahi wa inna ilayhi rajiun death is inevitable may allah take our souls when he most pleased with us and forgive all of the muslim umma ameen
@chisakanon its honestly fucking disgusting and the entire fucking reason people hate pride parades , because some dumbass like , frat boy types go out in gimp suits because " haha its funny " so glad the recent pride parade near me went on without sexual deviants flaunting their junk ...
how can any of our delegation seriously consider gilliam ?
he puts his personal business in front of alaska .
because of his lodge in lake clark he subverted the pebble mine permitting process .
if cash eliminates the4 rule of law and established permitting why even have the regulations ?
scratch his name from the list .
le3
i did not see the choice of beaners pretending to be republicans
at least you 're stupid enough to be funny .
most of the chuds on this subreddit just come here to cry about how they 're being oppressed for wanting to say n\*gger f\*ggot on the internet and how the jews gave them their ringworm or whatever it is you meth addicts in your rat infested backwaters , get .
the current president is a birther who tried to overthrow the last president with his birtherism lie .
arpaio is a birther also .
imagine that !
the current president broke the law in order to commit illegal anti - black housing discrimination .
arpaio broke the law to continue illegally racially profiling latinos .
imagine that !
the current president pretends to be a " law and order " guy .
unless the law does n't favor him .
same with arpaio .
imagine that !
the current president cut off his own cerebral palsy - suffering nephew 's health care to spite his sister in law .
arpaio was known to spitefully harass and jail his critics .
imagine that !
trump and arpaio : two spiteful racist lying birther criminals .
there 's so many black women killing it in the music industry right now , and most importantly they 're supporting each other .
a beautiful thing to watch .
what is a mexican 's favourite sport ?
cross - country
this is big news , silent dan does something to help ordinary alaskans , a big improvement over his efforts to derail clean water initiatives .
william maxey makes the argument equivalent to " do n't balance the budget on the backs of the poor . "
usually , we 're talking about taxation when we make that argument .
but the pfd is n't a form of taxation ; it 's a non - mandatory distribution of publicly - owned money .
i grant that it has been around long enough that many alaskan families have come to count on it .
but that would be an argument for phasing it out , not keeping it .
james johnson , public display of the symbols of nazism -- the eagles , the swastika -- is illegal in germany .
that does n't mean german wwii dead are simply not mentioned .
their military deaths , often with unit designations , are recorded on countless tombstones and private monuments .
there are a handful of public , though not government - sponsored , public monuments that celebrate the memories of some german war dead nonpolitically .
the simple fact is , the germans fought better than any force in the entire war , with the exception of the 442 regimental combat team .
just ordered < number > legs and a breast from kfc < allcaps > or as i like to call it .
< repeat > he amputee breast cancer orgy
these areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wo nt find a single white working class person living there .
we might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us
< user > how bored they all look
@natmypresident the heteros are at it again
why do mexican kids act like they own the school ?
because their dads built it and their moms clean it
whoever stole my phone at < user > last night is a fucking bum ass bitch
right .
it 's called ' latina pro imbecilibus ' ( latin for dummies ) .
exactly !
it seems every time a black youth is killed by police , the grieving parent is the mom .
moms get recognized by black athletes but seldom is there a dad mentioned .
i see no difference between trudeau 's fiscal mess and harper 's fiscal mess .
it 's the greed head plutocrats that specialize in mess making , not the place holders in ottawa .
fuck these whine tit leftist fuck their rock singers fuck their rap stars fuck their child molesting politicians fuck their sympathy for retarded foreigners and bad actors fuck their gay ass sitcoms fuck their lame late night comedians fuck their white hate fuck their patriotic disloyalty
austin councilman calls on texans to resist agenda of hate targeting immigrants and latinos
let me guess a white guy gunning down latinos ?
like they were whipped up about a story about an antifa revolution ?
more to come before saturday , the right wing is preparing for civil war based on fake news .
she should be arrested and deported
" @billtufts how do you define " " bailout " " ?
the key factor in plan soundness is interest rates , which are slowly moving up .
agree ? "
http://preventingbarnfires.com/
i have a dream that liberals will stop calling people they disagree with racists or nazis
open a new shop somewhere get my son more interested in education ( he hates school ) help mor ein my community try to whiten things up > >
i am a lying faggot that moves the goal post
do y' all count tha niggas who was supposed to be " jus tha tip " ?
ultimately , i think tv and movies have stifled creativity of thought and healthy progression of philosophy and art .
new bitch already and it 's the second episode .
another sick human selling violence just to get likes and views - humans do n't deserve to survive .
the earth will be far better off when homo sapiens kill and toxify themselves out of existence !
no do not lie these shithole are great places for niggers and spics and arabs to live they all will be happy together without wypipo
the amount of lesbians i know that live on dykes road is so fucking funny the joke literally writes itself dude
peter , they were shocked about what i thought of my experience there .
they never thought they were acting like bigots .
one of them even told me he was married to a latina , like that inoculated him from being a bigot .
slave owners made a profit center out raping their black slaves .
we know most white men are willing to have sex with just about anybody and anything .
i earned every penny of my tier 1 pers retirement , working with these people .
stares at my shoes
no most white men do not rape < number > year old women that department is saved for your compadre beaners and young black males
new law called the hillsborough law must be used first for the cover up by pms mps councillors social services police over the rape of < number > million white children raped by paki muslims
why are these people so upset ?
what 's wrong with separating babies from their moms and packing folk in cages like sardines .
what 's wrong with treating them as though they were not human .
they are not white like us .
let them rot .
comments closed on the edmonton guy with a noose .
said story happened on nov 8 , and the police , picture in hand , has n't yet caught the guy ?
come on , globe !
has readership decreased so much that fake news is now par for the course for you as well ?
but how can anyone bridge a racial gap that so wide i do not get i can see in some instances whites having relationship with some asians the gap between white and blacks arabs hindis metizos etc to my thinking makes for something completely out of whack
trump is right .. all immigrants who arrived after 1492 should go home ! !
wow so no more paintings of police as murderous pigs by untalented minorities no more gay porn touted as art i am good with that
" opposition accuses liberals of protecting friends , other ‘ big fish ’ named in paradise papers " 

 -------------------------- 

 ... it 's called " projecting " especially the cons! ... note mr bronfman , mr chretein have both released statements challenging the facts of the paradise papers , if the opposition have info to the contrary , kindly name names outside of the h.o.c where no priviledge is granted eh :-) ...
y’know , humans are a lot like pokemon .
only the rarer ones that are different colours are captured and put to work .
there is no evidence , none , that getting government out of health care and bringing in the vaunted free market will make this situation better .
this argument is born of the pseudo - lobbyists who operate at the heritage foundation under the guise of being a think tank .
meanwhile across the globe we see a variety of different systems being employed by comparable nations .
they all have two things in common , one they get as good or better health care and two , they get it for much cheaper .
there is only one direction we should be heading in , more and better government involvement .
gallagher killed a brown person so who cares , he 's a hero /s
now stephanie liking this nigga shit 😔 he getting mad bitches tonight
equal opportunity employment laws require every employer to hire any relatively qualified applicant , or face potential litigation for discrimination ....
i hope my partner & amp ; i are the best fucking parents in the world no matter what because nothing should be more important than your kids .
aw did i trigger you with the spic comment i am so sorry report me to the gab authorities little girl
what do you say to a mexican in a three piece suit ?
will the defendant please rise .
why ca n't mexicans win the olympics ?
coz anyone that can run , jump or swim has already crossed the border .
go back to cth , chapo fag .
israelis want peace .
they gave up gaza for peace .
they got rockets and bombs .
if the arabs wanted peace they could have it tomorrow , but they do n't want it , because their religion does n't want it .
it wants genocide .
non - negotiable islamic jew hatred is the problem .
< user > do i look like a faggot basher to you you stupid fucking human boy you have got a mouth
it called being a fuckin genius when i argue with a jew and people watch i become a jew too to undermine jewry and expose jq just like many jews become white to undermine white survival
looks like twitter keeping my shit fuck jack retweet to help a nigga out
nah bro that s gay
the last thing this bitch needs is roast
what 's a mexican ' s favorite sport ?
cross country
equal opportunity employment laws require every employer to hire any relatively qualified applicant , or face potential litigation for discrimination ....
# justintruder , the # socialmedia purifier , on url : - racial slur   - hate speech   - personal abuse   gab links : url url url 🤓   @cbc @thecurrentcbc @cbctoronto @piya chattopadhyay url
" officers will be required to use their own observation to determine a person ’s race .... " 
 wonderful !
if you are not obviously white , black , or asian you 'll automatically be labeled mexican .
but , then again springfield police automatically assume anyone with brown skin is only capable of speaking spanish .
well i have changed my signature , i think it was stupid i was forced to do so just because some people do nt like what i have to say , but i do hope my new one is acceptable . :
attack
the hispanic crowd and the illegal alien advocates did not do themselves any favors when they sued over the defeated state referendum to issue driver 's cards .
they can think what they want about americans , but now they look like fools , and do n't forget about their failed and pathetic uprising a few years ago .
@dmvsnake @samisuave _ @laylayflames _ just remember when you blow a load you need a break i do n't need to blow loads to make her legs shake .
we do n't take breaks and then show me on the doll where the lesbian hurt you
would not it be funny if it was a wetback run place that denied the nigtranny fried chicken in harlem it would be racist fan fiction come true if it was trump could gaslight shitlibs into covering the story to break the coalition of the fringes < user >
nay i 'm not against sex and sexuality .
i 'm for people doing what makes them happy ( and does n't harm others ) .
my rarely having sex is what makes me happy .
diversity is our greatest weakness
i love tori more i swear ( tho i have to admit i think about wataru more but trust me he s only like my top 15 trust me )
want me one that do n't even say hello
the homosexuals .
should've won that bloody match , damn it ref .
ibra 's goal was n't even offside damn it
sloter looked like a guy who understood the offense , paxton looks lost .
that 's how it looks in camp as well .
we know paxton is athletically talented but could it be what s above his shoulders holding him back ?
rotten two weeks is an understatement just like pretending he 's respected .
in germany he said canadians are more messy because we have french and latino blood ( identity politics ) and that new immigrants were more canadian than those born here .
then of course there is the lie that khadr would have won more money and then protecting his blood money from the widow .
jr. is a half witted anti canadian waste of skin .
however i 'd need to pay 20 bucks for one year but 40 for anwhole fucking lifetime soooo i 'm gon na check with my mom to see if i can-- yeah
this bitch is so retarded hate speech isn t real cunt
always told you asians were based
owaisi crying < number > rohingyas has never have tears for < number > kashmiri hindu pundits killed tortured raped driven away from their homes with anouncements 4 m masjids support of rohingyas b deshi muslims is for change demography for muslim majority to turn india into hell < number > hindus
i pulled a sickie the other day one of the benefits of working at the hospital
peter , they were shocked about what i thought of my experience there .
they never thought they were acting like bigots .
one of them even told me he was married to a latina , like that inoculated him from being a bigot .
slave owners made a profit center out raping their black slaves .
we know most white men are willing to have sex with just about anybody and anything .
i earned every penny of my tier 1 pers retirement , working with these people .
yes this red skin indian ojibwa tribe first nation is ok with it
oh this yellow bitch shame
< number > fucks i do not give muff munching wetback commie bitch
the left is disgusting .
those sick freaks definitely push homosexuality and gay weird stuff on children like lgbtq or whatever the fuck that means .
how is this even legal what they are doing ?
same way how they make all that nasty porn and hollywood always depicting faggots , lesbians and interracial shit .
they are promoting it .
they are filth .
something needs to be done about these people .
fanatics are created at home    around the dinner table , listening to the elders speak of world events and religion .
just as young jews and christians listen to their parents talk of   charity work and helping the sick and poor people of the world ,   muslims learn to wish death   on jews and christians over generous servings of mom 's good home cooking .
if you choose to be an artist and can only make $ 40k a year , then you can either become a better artist and make $ 300,000 or be happy with $ 40 or get a more marketable skill and do art on the side .
that 's how the world works .
there is no justification to subsidise anyone except for people who ca n't look after themselves .
the rational that artists use to get subsidised can be applied to any group or individual .
i like to sail but ca n't make a living at it .
if you want to force other taxpayers to pay for me to sail , then i would sail more , and we would have more canadian sailors , the world would be a better place .
as everyone knows , a country who loses its sailors loses its soul .
or some other nonsense that artists like to say .
team hick stands tall for all , especially this nation 's powerful , loving , unstoppable lgbtq community .
happy # pride month .
url
dank memes are desert sand asters are lightpink steve harwell from smash mouth is a lesbian and so on
exactly !
news reporter keep saying that legislators did not agree how to fund rail .
instead should be saying to fund it or not .
kgmb , are you listening ?
good i 'd rather have all of em dead in a pile first rather than to let them into the great usa .
get the fuck out of my country you law breaking human bags of shit .
inferior brown whore like you belongs to white cock only .
my brown cock is pathetic .
i am even more concerned about mexican teenage tramps whose birth canals are like bazookas launching anchor beaners onto the lanscape of the united states
< user > i know that you think that white peoples ate racist and hate you but there are a lot of people who love this country and their god given rights they love their president too many of these people have put their lives in the line over seas just saying
should be built in s. korea or japan .
cheaper , faster , better .
not in corrupt canada .
canadian gov`t for votes is constantly bailing out failing companies : cars , bombardier , now this .
taxpayer money being flushed down the toilet .
must stop .
canadians , speak up .
don`t let this happen to your money .
put an end to this absolute nonsense .
never seems to stop .
it`s an outrage .
i like my girls how i like my chicken as white meat nuggets .
paul 

 i am glad that you were .
but your obsession about the greeks indicates otherwise .
you have   pointed out alexander 's conquest of egypt , but not anything about ramses or gilgamesh .
shoo hadha ?
i can relate 100 % to what you said .
not trans , happy being a girl , but it sounds convenient and fun to have a penis .
we should pay for women to have them any white slut knocked up by a nigger spic mud negresses should be paid triple
man said dark skins should be raped and we should accept his apology because he apologised before brudda u should be kweffed
@archbishopkurtz announces religious freedom week 2019 url url
women be so aggressive when they are horny
the muslim girl you speak of was beaten to death by an illegal immigrant from a latin american country .
he was not " white " , and therefore probably does n't actually fit your narrative .
from the mosque massacre in jerusalem the burning of churches in america over to new zealand mass shooting in two mosques over to sri lanka churches being blown up back to the states a well intelligent lad shoots up a synagogue ... this craze comes evil to the core them responsible should have their dna wiped from existence just throwing away the key just not enough .
a serious question for the girls 
 how important is it for your boyfriend / husband to be university educated ?
frat boys are so disgusting let 's just rob those motherfuckers
deport the bitches .
the milli vanilli christmas album " blame it on the reindeer " did not sell well
what do you call 4 black guys , an asian , and 5 mexicans ?
a sprinkler , because nigga , nigga , nigga , nigga , chink , spick , spick , spick , spick , spick .
nobody else in the world would call any hispanick " white " .
liberals know it makes hispanicks feel proud to refer to them as " white " and hillary clinton as " non - hispanick white " .
but when you deport a hispanick , they then claim we are doing it because we do n't want " non whites in the usa " .
as someone who goes to a christian college and is struggling with their faith and their sexuality , this gave me a lot of hope !
i 'm still feeling my way around , but i hope to come out stronger or more stable when i graduate next year .
inferior brown whore like you belongs to white cock only .
my brown cock is pathetic .
desert fox says < date > < number > at < time > what would you expect from the chicago ghetto people and the no clue major media love them because they are of the same caliber
vox is that you or is this how you let your slut talk this person is a mother and you are worried about losing your kids over what someone else called you … not what she might say shame
my grandfather drew a drawing of mlk dying a day before it happened .
i guess you could say shit got real
why white people used to say that sex was a sin used to be a mystery to me until i saw the children of browns and mixed race children popping up all around me .
trump should try to impeach the wetback jew justices who performed gay marriages but did not recuse themselves from the gay marriage ruling
your wife hates me i like provoking her jealousy tribute or i 'll dump you the instant she gets fed up & leaves # hotwife # cuck # cuckold # wife # homewrecker # divorce # cheating # gprt # alpha # goddess # mistress # worship # girlfriend # sidepiece # hotwifing # ruined # girlfriendexperience url
fuck a blunt nigga need a backwood 🤦 🏽 ‍ ♂ ️
having recently traveled to london i was disgusted by how non - white the city had become .
but he a spic so the jury figured that was excusable fuck daca fuck sanctuary cities fuck immigration fuck democrats may an earthquake destroy frisco
< user > there are no palestinian people because there is no palestine we saw your true colors < number > days ago you filthy bitch
of course not .
the power of the imams requires crusaders to go after .
the jews and the christians used to be " people of the book " in previous centuries ; today 's terrorists have gone back to a meaner time .
< user > linda came to flint michigan for a photo op of delivering water to families she not even from michigan our newpaper made a big deal to show how co operative the recent refugees were in this crisis
@bbctms i wish i could be inglish so i could be better than everyone else # xenophobic # nationalism
sarah with his overheated rhetoric and his latest lead - balloon liturgy proposal has taken himself out of the running .
i think he knows this .
he 's the most divisive anti - consensus candidate .
he should take his own advice and try silence .
we 'd all be better off .
b.s. , there would not be a race war because of whites going out and shooting up non - white neighborhoods ; it is already open season on white americans and white europeans and white australians and white canadians .
white greeks are not white
it never really gone out of style it just got kept out of the usual places < number > a while tv media politics academia sand nigger sand groid dune coon dindu nuffin all valuable additions to the nigger lexicon oh sheeit dat remind me mexicon lexicon meh some beaners r ok
if they get in and free the alien slaves do we have to pay for their house , health care , free money , food , writing paper , cars and bubble gum ?
ship em over to california they can handle it .
it 's some producers that think a trap beat is just a trap beat when really it 's levels to this trap beat shit ...
why is mexico so bad at the olympics ?
because every mexican that can run , jump and climb is allready on the u.s.a
these braids are coming down tonight & amp ; i will be back to the wild haired child .. my hair needs to breathe naturally ..
excellent article .
we have followed every rule diligently and it works great .
i draw less $ $ $ from the rrif on my wife 's younger   age , so income is lower .
and we take rrif payments quarterly to spread   the stock market ups and downs .
robert e. lee said some seemingly enlightened things during his life .
yet , even among the slavers he was known as a harsh master .
he was known to personally whip the people he enslaved .
sometimes that would be followed by the pouring of brine over the wounds .
he broke with his family 's tradition of not breaking up slave families , selling off children to other plantations .
he kidnapped free african - americans when he invaded the north and sent them south into slavery .
his personal mythology is part of the lost cause myth .
he was the gallant aristocratic warrior fighting the industrialized machine of the north .
the reality is much uglier , and its sad that his reputation has been so strong for the past 150 years .
i wish the border wall height and length could increase by 1 additional imperial foot ( 1/3 meter ) for the death of each citizen caused by a non - citizen .
these invaders should be stopped dead in their tracks by leos or a by a well - regulated militia .
url
how come there are n't any mexicans in star trek ?
they do n't work in the future either .
i definitely agree with this , i am a bi girl who has a for sure preference for girls .
however , it 's very hard for me to find other queer girls that i 'm interested in , but i have found myself being hit on by guys frequently which would give me the option to date them ( if i wanted to . )
staff ( black woman ): : who gave you the information ?
client : : some girl that works for you .
staff : : was it so - and - so ? (
a spanish - speaking latina staff member ) client : : no , it was an american girl .
staff : : was it a black woman ?
client : : no !
i already told you it was an american girl .
that creature on the left she won the ghetto lottery with that one my goodness talk about lucking out maybe she his second wife hence the wedding dress if that the case please do not breed honey please please please
who she epp ?
me !
endless love and prayer my incomparable and irreplaceable diamond . #
reunionisalliaskifpossible
speakfreely gabfam hey ladies i want all of us to be safe we are surrounded by fucking nut jobs being able to protect ourselves is important get a gun learn krav maga learn how to escape being attacked carry batteries in a sock learned that from ghetto girls be safe
this old man is the epitome of decorum .
calling hispanics " wetbacks " and making lewd comments to high schoolers about " bull sex " and suicide .
" just how many times was that man excommunicated , called to rome to recant , allowed back in , only to repeat again . "
none .
fr .
de chardin was never excommunicated .
@judgejules75 @forwomenscot @victoriapeckham @miss_leeze @gordon_struth @mumofc @redqueenrising @maitlis @scotgov in the uk a male doctor is required to have a female chaperone when carrying out intimate examinations .
this too is been disregarded by some males who i d as transwomen .
it disregards female patients protections , consent issues , safeguards & best practice .
url
build the wall , and put these spics in prison with the nogs .
trump just destroyed msm insanely expensive propaganda and cover up of illegal immigrants violence in western cities from usa to europe and he did it with < number > rts
if only my new local mall was n't so ghetto
my body is so cute !
trans body positivity for today .
needs validation for my horny depressed ass . #
transpunkporn # transbodypositivity url
well fortunately , chris tucker is black so he gets a pass from the rabid finger pointing reddit crowd with their insane victim fetish if that were a white male playing that part though .. it 'd be a whole different story .
re : " “ depending on who you listen to , i ’m either a hero , a terrorist , or a crybaby , ” he wrote , “ which should tell you something about the reliability of the media . ”
unbelievable .
the guy was recorded doing all of these things .
he was unabashed in his call to arms for violence and recorded doing so .
his fans were recorded shouting " heil cantwell " .
he himself recorded his tear - filled rants of fear .
how is the media in any way unreliable by simply broadcasting what he , through his own actions , put out there ? !
blaming the media because you did n't think before you spoke is becoming a woefully tired defense .
these are his own words and actions for all the world to see-- time for him to man up and take responsibility for the actions and words he , and he alone , propagated .
liberal logic you can not put a white brown red or yellow skinned person in charge of urban development because they are not qualified to know what a ghetto needs if you put a black person in charge of urban development it racist
fair .
counter point : he made multiple user accounts with his information in the name .
he put his information out there for us to use .
they should sink the island , seems to be full of corruption .
us citizens are tired of supporting , freeloading latinos .
pr , mexico and invaders of central america .
why the wifey type girls single and the hoes being cuffed though ?
white guy it a witch hunt white guy they are a lynch mob white guy in that country they throw faggots off of rooftops
so here 's the nazi still ranting at " impassioned hold the pain harold " as of a half hour ago :   url " because i do n't care .
i would rather protect the nations that whites created from being flooded by 3rd worlders being corrupted by jews .
words mean nothing to me "
hey if the left want refugees so bad over here bring on the swedish blondes lol
shut up bitch cuck penis vagina nigger cracker butt anus liwuid !
one must wonder how long she will do in jail on the taxpayers dime before they decide to toss her spic ass out as for the guy castrate him and jail him for life the prisoners in nevada will deal with the matter themselves tyvm
' 
 … except , of course , nothing about it is government dole .
.
why do mexican kids act like they own the school ?
because their dads built it and their moms clean it
what do you call four mexicans in quick sand ?
quattro sinko
go home muther fukers .... you're not wanted here .
bathe in your own p.o.s .
country you fleeing pusssssies .
we need to euthanize these scumbags who come here and demand our tax dollars to feed and house them .
better yet , let loose some alligators and pythons into the holding areas .
at least the reptiles could get a few good meals out of them
how is keeping schools open going to do ‘ more harm than good ’ this is a fucking pisstake
sarah with his overheated rhetoric and his latest lead - balloon liturgy proposal has taken himself out of the running .
i think he knows this .
he 's the most divisive anti - consensus candidate .
he should take his own advice and try silence .
we 'd all be better off .
i really think the msm the left should stop using refugee immigrant illegal aliens as synonymous terms refugees are escaping dangerous situations immigrants are likely seeking economic opportunities illegal aliens are law breakers right from the jump these are not the same circumstances
i may not be the target market but i love brown skin girls .
i think we all need to be affirmed in some way - it 's okay that the song was n't written for lighter brown skin .
i want to play it for my baby cousins .
i will smile every time i see brown girls singing and dancing to it
this old man is the epitome of decorum .
calling hispanics " wetbacks " and making lewd comments to high schoolers about " bull sex " and suicide .
" asked specifically about the growing trend in his native germany of " forest burials , " where people pay to have their ashes in urns interred at the base of a tree in a designated forest burial ground , müller said the german bishops were not thrilled with the idea , but accepted it with the proviso that the tree be marked with the name of the person buried at its base . "
interesting comment , considering that in europe , many burial spots are reused after a certain number of years have passed , and the original gravestone is removed to be replaced by a new one .
how long is a marker on a tree going to last until the expanding trunk pops it off , or the tree comes down in a storm ?
lmao says the person who insulted me stop doing things when it done back you u bitch up and cower in a corner and try and be a victim pussy still no denial you are trailer trash and a product of incest
so they 're going to make it more appealing with lots of naughty words in their pro feminist , pro ethnic minority t"her"minator , complete with the lgbt-1000 .
game was rigged from the start goy wake up .
americans genocided europeans in both world wars .
more than any other race in the history of the world .
all part of the plan .
enjoy your brown and black invaders .
america died in the early 1900s .
your just propping up a dead corpse .
return to your roots white man .
or die and be forgotten .
i used to be an er nurse and listening to my coworkers trash lgbtq patients used to infuriate me .
so i would always volunteer to care for them .
i take care to ask about preferred pronouns and try to provide relevant discharge information .
i hope to become a nurse practitioner and focus on providing comprehensive open primary care to lgbtq community in my area .
i live in sc , and we are 44/50 in primary care .
and when you look at the wpath registered providers for our state ... there are no primary care or endocrinologists listed .
just " counselors " most of them social workers .
# pridemonth2019 is a celebration of : gay lesbian bisexual pansexual asexual trans genderfluid non - binary gender non - conforming and many other things !
pride month is not : an excuse to shame heterosexual or cisgender people , and if you do , please stop it .
~a pansexual transgirl
one of the stupidest things a plug can do is skimp a nigga that knows where he lives i m a knock you off every time
bitch b on dicks
too many homos in the bible belt
i think most republicans still support trump , but it must not be a very happy experience for them .
the republican party is in a way a fake party , cobbled together mostly by a common hatred of a black president but otherwise not able to work together .
their steadfast inability and unwillingness to appeal to latino voters will cause more and more problems for them going forward .
the problem is they are working to give our oil to   foreign oil corporations .
i never try and break up an argument between gay guys you never know when it may come to blows
the problem is that many can not afford to feed and educate children .
this is why birth rates are so low .
ten years ago , when my two children were small , i was paying over 2k / month in daycare fees alone .
unless they are very poor , young families can not afford to have more than one or two children .
most people depend on two incomes , and having one parent stay home for five or more years to rear children is unrealistic .
but we are addicted to economic growth , and have to figure out a way to finance aging baby boomer health care .
that leaves two choices .
help families and thereby increase the birth rate , as qc has done , or increase immigration levels .
in sweden most people receives svt 1 , svt 2 , tv 3 , tv 4 , kanal 5 and ztv svt 1 and svt 2 are state owned and mostly show socialistic propaganda .
anyone here have experiences with escorts they'de like to share ?
< user > refugees acceptance needs to be proportionate to refugee creation the us should take most of them
same sex marriages have been recognized in illinois since 2012 or 13 .
bitches be way freakier than they look ... i know a bitch that look like she watch cookin shows and read the bible all day but she a fucking freaky horny freakeinstein 🧟 ‍ ♀ ️ 🧟 ‍ ♂ ️ 😂 😂
the prevalence of feminism demonstrates that the future is now the ponderous pace of evolution argues that the future reflects the past and the present only the biological limits of dimorphism have prevented women from evolving into reproduction machines sexbots meh gmo women brave new world
non whites hate white people plain and simple .
they are taught from birth that white people are the cause of all the problems in the world and every bad thing that happens is because of evil racist white people .
his base is not happy there goes the silent majority i bet ricky vaughn and based spic fuentes are running damage control
so am i really fucking up or does my mom just shout at me because i am gay and she still can not get over it
< user > we do not want illegal muslim immigrants so what wrong in that he has been elected for it
so just regular retarded then
< user > only reason islamists tweet this ridiculous stuff is because left loonies who are closet jihadis themselves support this ridiculous notion show me one muslim country where minorities are not being killed and women are not being caned or stoned in public
dark side of monopoly party politics hon
worship the almighty foot faggot worship master oz86 skype
i doubt you can actually get close enough to the antis to pass a flower .
many reasons i just know when m billions of blax muzzeez la raza jews and christinas say they want to exterminate all white people and start doing it i believe them
same as it ever was ...
alex jones ' popularity is an indication of something deeply wrong in the world . (
and 2 m subs does n't actually seem like a huge number in the first place . )
2019 america is so retarded and gay 😖
i am the white man ’ whore
@gaywonk @youtube lmao faggot gay ass brown ass go back to your country faggot
if dems ca n't win the debate based upon logic and reason , they must change the rules of the debate in their favor .
london police arrest two men in connection with the london terrorist bombing 

 one , 18 yrs old 

 one , 21 yrs old 

 wo n't tell us who / what they are , but i can just about tell you who / what they aren't 

 white / european 
 british 
 native londoners 
 iq above room temperature 
 self - sufficient 

 any takers at 10:1 ?

a real piece of work also bending over for the arabs metruth ausfam
what 's the difference between a mexican and a printer ?
one has its papers
what ’s the difference between a mexican and a bench ?
a bench can support a family
thank god for you prophetess bola .
you have been a blessing
> affirmative action : while it is unfortunate conservatives hijack this issue by claiming they are fighting for asian americans .
politicians face a conflict of deciding which minority to help .
by eliminating affirmative action , does it also benefit whites ?
i am confused by this one .
i thought the argument for removing affirmative action is to not play sides ... not help another minority who does n't benefit .
if not , i do n't see the argument for it .
it only hit the beaner city
what a racist newspaper , did we need to know if they are hispanic .
if they were black , their race would not have been mentioned .
can this teacher sound even more ghetto and dumb then she is
but how can anyone bridge a racial gap that so wide i do not get i can see in some instances whites having relationship with some asians the gap between white and blacks arabs hindis metizos etc to my thinking makes for something completely out of whack
" i just said this and my brother said " " i think you know what 's won harriet . " "
and started singing occidentali 's karma & # 128514;&#128557 ; "
god gave us brains to make medical treatment and medication if he did n't want us to use it then he would of gave it to us
let 's lock all those guys up ! ! ! !
lol ! ! ! !
especially pelosi ! ! ! ! !
shawn and chase are tras
the african girl wants to make sure the white boy 🍆 works before getting into a marriage she smart lol 😂 did she see timothy story 😂 😂 😂 90 day fiance 9 0 dayfiancebefore90 days
mr / ms so - called brown , 
 i did not say anything about latino nannies .
now did you come up with that kind of detail ?
hmm .
you speak of an integrated school , but from your statement it is clear that you are fine with any or all neighborhood families being thrown out of ainsworth ( " redistricted " ) so long as you are not affected .
the worst kind of hypocrite is the one that does not even realize it .
btw i am brown , so do n't bring your racist bs argument here .
can you reconcile your statement with the fact that the ainsworth si program has so few minorities ?
why are you so opposed to making the program more inclusive ?
it seems lupul learned that $ 5.2 can be cut by a third in a buy out and either way he has no place on the team .
the leafs have played hard ball with lupul and the globe , tsn and sportsnet - all part of the leaf ownership group have given management a pass .
but , if he can play tennis and snowboard he can play hockey somewhere , perhaps the nhl should take a hard look ?
and you 're a f * * * * * * moron the reason america has more so - called killings is because we help every other f * * * * * * piece of s * * * lowlife country in this world every time they have a little squabble some f * * * * * * country is asking the us for something just to have ungrateful motherfukers to say we 're terrorists when you see on tv a sick and dying child it 's an american giving him food or medicine you f * * * * * * piece of s * * * moron
< user > nah he could be a hindu brown or a ching chong gookboy or a mexican derivative
you do n't know your church history at all if you think it did n't argue against heliocentrism in favour of  
 geocentrism .
your arguing just emphasizes your ignorance of history .
the catechism is filled with ignorant statements targeting women and the lgbt community .
again , your denial highlights the depth of your ignorance in these matter .
the church is growing percentage wise in africa and the asia - pacific regions but declining dramatically in the west and latin america .
" rt @risecmp : " " let me reintroduce myself to you , i am the cowboy , james mother f'ing storm and sorry about your damn luck ! " "
@jamesstormbrand … "
bisexuals lesbians 🤝 < number > being our year
how do i work so much amp still be broke adult hood is so ghetto
maybe that is your problem you are excited by street fights with antifa and you think that in and of itself is a goal rather than promoting the white race and building a mass movement
if these pathetic mayo 's are only able to attack unarmed minorities we should give every minority their own assault rifle and vest .
< user > dear < user > it seems that you are ok with her calling a baby retarded no ban you are extremely biased
and none of that is true .
even after all the terrorist attacks by muslims and latino gang members , there are virtually no incidents of any muslims or latinos being attacked .
your side and its silly rhetoric that painted all opponents as nazis was defeated .
i 'm so glad that 's so , because it shows real and positive hope for america .
we 're out just got ta keep looking i live in east texas out here its just as hard for us to find single white men
speaking of world stage .
at present there are 27 spoof videos from states and countries that make fun of america being first and them only being second .
as the " orange oddity " would say sad , so sad — since he would n't get the jokes .
< user > blatant lawlessness on the streets of n.y .
another example of dumb blasio the rest of these democrat cities anti police agenda safety is a priority to every citizen in a civilized society democrat agenda is sanctuary city < money > for saying illegal alien vote republican
we inherited this mess from the boomers it our responsibility to make sure gen z inherits a better scenario we need to reverse this globalist coordinated trend of white displacement in the west it our obligation
if you 'd posted this on uo matters , it would be the comment of the month and i 'd owe you a coffee cup .
i ca n't with this disrespect ass bitches
trump 's message about rejecting globalization is a smoke screen .
his supporters are overwhelmingly uneducated , white , earning above average incomes .
they 've never been disadvantaged by nafta or offshoring manufacturing jobs .
what they have in common is a resentment toward immigrants ( especially muslims and latinos ) , afro - americans , and natives who they see as benefiting from government assistance and preferential treatment .
trump 's message is all about making america safe for white supremacists .
apparently , kelly leech wants the same for canada .
disgusting .
it amazes me when ppl are so damn prideful it turns into a form of stupidity .
these people who should be ashamed but are not -- they do not value either ethics or democratic process -- hence their colluding candidate and " president . "
they want their cake and to eat it too .
republicans want democracy for themselves but want to deny it to others -- blacks , women , gays , lesbians and transgender people , latinos , immigrants .
it 's like democracy in ancient greece only instead of democracy being limited to male citizens , it 's limited to citizens who are white .
this is the " vision " of the republicans -- a society where rights are offered -- but only to whites who are straight .
america will fall behind more enlightened societies because it allows its most backward elements to lead .
what 's the best part of being a mexican in the us ?
< allcaps > nothing , go back to mexico
well that 's kind of the point is n't it .
i think the majority of trans person are aware that they ca n't change their biological sex .
i do n't think that 's what matters to them .
> change your lifestyle and not conform to social norms for the gender you 're assigned , more power to you .
why would n't that include hormone treatment and surgery ?
if they want to look a certain way , why should n't they ?
i 've never been one to tell people what they can and ca n't do with their bodies .
you want tattoos , great .
you want bigger tits , great .
you want a forked tongue , great .
you want different genitals , great .
oh come on , what if someone chose to put swastikas on their foreheads , would that be acceptable ?
women under shariah law ( islam ) are not equal to men , and are subject to a number of oppressive practices , eg fgm , forced marriage , subservient status , etc .
the niqab is a symbol of this oppression .
how can anyone who claims to be a feminist support the wearing of a symbol that embraces these oppressive practices against women ? ?
black people - savages , borderline non - human apes .
middle east - favourite pastime is building bombs and blowing themselves up .
indians - shit on the street , eating shit off the street .
asians - robotic , sexless , dictatorial patriarchy .
​ whites - god 's chosen people .
the perfect specimen .
​ they 're one step from chanting " heil hitler " .
you bitches loyal to someone that ’ fucking soo many different bitches i feel you tho
@wokieleaks1 they do n't care about intelligence or anything of the like , they just want an excuse to hate the evil browns
< user > other wise all the immigrants would have been banned finally 🇧 🇩 took advantage
it 's not freedom of speech if your filthy words are dictating what a woman can and ca n't do with her body .
fuck outta here
they try to rape me but when people ca n't notice but they abuse me while they notice why they do n't rape me ?
i swear this particular presidency makes me question and reassess this whole democracy thing sometimes & # 129300;&#128557;&#128514 ;
my body is so cute !
trans body positivity for today .
needs validation for my horny depressed ass . #
transpunkporn # transbodypositivity url
# newarknj tonight saturday we have @honeygerman radio & # 128251 ; @djreymo x dj.alxndr onset @catasnewark … https://t.co/ni4xk7tocr
i remember when my fifth grade teacher told us this story it made me feel special because i was the only blond kid in class .
not all of those first crimes are violent .
the us incarcerates more of its citizens than any other country in the world .
we are the world 's jailer .
prison rates in the us are the world 's highest , at 724 people per 100,000 .
the   " for profit "   prison industrial complex is one of the fastest growing industries in the usa .
it 's profitable to keep people in prison .
many are imprisoned for low level drug related crimes as a result of the nation 's war on drugs .
our drug laws are set up to discriminate : " federal law stipulates five years ’ imprisonment without possibility of parole for possession of 5 grams of crack or 3.5 ounces of heroin , and 10 years for possession of less than 2 ounces of rock - cocaine or crack .
a sentence of 5 years for cocaine powder requires possession of 500 grams – 100 times more than the quantity of rock cocaine for the same sentence .
most of those who use cocaine powder are white , middle - class or rich people , while mostly blacks and latinos use rock cocaine .
in no order : 

 irs punishing conservative groups , dnc - awan spy / blackmail crimes , dnc - sanders nomination rigging , uranium 1 approval , haiti - clinton foundation , trump dossier used for illegal surveillance , russian racketeering w clinton uranium , illegal unmasking of ilegally surveilled trump campaign members , emails , obstruction of justice : destruction deleting and destroying both correspondence and devices ,   emails not secured allowed exposure of national secrets , clinton crime foundation , fbi coverup of russian bribery re ; uranium purchases , fbi coverup clinton email investigation , obstruction of justice fbi dismissal clinton email investigation , obstruction of justice clinton - lynch tarmac meeting , 

 part 1 ( my hands getting tired )
not i they shut me out for stating the court should kill the beaner who said he was sorry he could not or did not kill more mf cops and they ban me twitter is fucked up
well obviously they must be a diverse group of morbidly obese transgendered persons some blacks hispanics some veiled muslims a few asians and a white girl i guess and they should replace the dallas cheerleaders
“ never let a bitch take your spot period ” rosa parks < number >
building your life around hate is probably the most retarded approach to life normal people make the best of their options they do not fixate on irrelevant things if one spends most of their life thinking about other people who runs their life
when you admit black and brown people are abused by democrats as their standard of living fall to the rats !
is @orkinpest racist too @joyannreid when they ranked baltimore in top ten of rat infested cities ?
americans are tired of your race card sweetie ! #
trumplandslide2020 url url
imma start blocking anybody that post that lil ugly dyke haitian boy on the tl it disturbing af
no matter , your gender , culture , class , race or creed , love is for all and never discriminates !
both the ap and the new york times have retracted the " all 17 intelligence agencies " claim .
perhaps you missed that ?
http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/u/us_trump_russia?site=ap&section=home&template=default&ctime=2017-06-30-17-32-29 

 https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.nytimes.com/2017/06/29/pageoneplus/corrections-june-29-2017.amp.html
a fire was reported in a three family house mid - morning wednesday last week there were many fatalities .
on the first floor lived a black family - < number > fatalities .
on the second floor lived a mexican family - < number > fatalities .
on the third floor lived a white family of < number > - no fatalities .
a reporter at the scene made headlines with this story .
immediately the fire chief and his department were attacked by naacp , < allcaps > jesse jackson and other black rights groups , as well as , the mexican consulate as being racist in their handling of the fire and loss of life issues .
there was some unsettling discomfort when questioned further the fire chief explained why the family on the third floor survived the fire and the others did not .
his only response was , " they were at work ! "
anyone who has not visited the ple - uk web site for some time is invited to return , as there 's a new introduction there on how ` ` the history of britain is the history of those who held living space . ''
< user > some people are just retarded like that
@alakatezam i 'm pansexual , and for me it just means that i 'm attracted to someone 's personality and emotions no matter the sex or how they identify ; whereas bisexuals usually have preference over sex / identifications .
hope this helps 💕
ah yes .
a far right christian theocracy where gays are caged and women forced to bear white cis children .
where book burnings are common and social media is held in a grip where any criticism of the dear leader is punished .
do you realize how ignorant you sound when you say we 're a far right nation .
there 's a trans drag queen reading books to kids at my library today .
go find that in another anglosphere country .
yes , and good luck finding a lawyer that will take the case .
god damn you fat ass losers are so easy .
you bore me fat ass .
see ya loser .
go fap to some anime
future pickups are going to be either hybrids or bevs .
in many countries trucks will have to be bevs as a result of government regulations .
in other places fleet buyers will be choosing the truck that offers the lowest fuel / energy consumption .
courier companies are already switching to bevs and hybrids .
the german post office has done this after deciding to manufacture their own vehicles .
amazon , ups and other companies are also switching .
the future will not resemble the past .
yeah , i mean it 's totally unheard of for a player to go through an adjustment period when signing a big contract with a new team like andersen did in the first month , right ?
nick the spic fuentes
play this at my fucking funeral & # 128069 ; https://t.co/jj5qqphrkr
what 's the best part of being a mexican in the us ?
< allcaps > nothing , go back to mexico
i licked it it queer now
via the hrc : maine gov. janet mills signs legislation protecting lgbtq youth from " conversion therapy " url
the shooter 's blog is full of atheistic rantings .
atheists are responsible for the pogroms of christians , jews , and other believers .
report trump to allow < number > refugees into the u.s .
they arrive on friday and start their modeling careers on monday
has there ever been another time in history when a political party attacked its own president ?
just because oil companies did not admit guilt does not mean they are innocent in a court of oil attorneys using precedents instead of laws .
as we see daily proof , laws made by attorneys can be screwed to give unfair advantage to their big retainers .
you can not sue tesoro for violations on anything , cause tesoro has every attorney on retainer in state .
that 's their conflict of interest for you !
as do they all !
🔸 these families need your support 🕉 🙏 🏽   🔸 they are paying huge price defending themselves against # jihadis   🔸 let 's make their life little easier and make sure that they remain hindus   cc @ippatel @ahmasmiyodha @modifiedvikas @riturathaur @swati_gs   url
life is like a box of chocolates some people do n't like it and throw the whole box away
olrun - i think i will surprise you with this comment .
i agree with you that obama did not need to change his immediate activities .
i am sure that he was kept fully informed of events that he could do nothing about .
i realize that there are some , well many on the right , who are criticizing the president about not stopping the state visit immediately and returning to washington to oversee our response .
since the terrorist attacks took place in belgium and did not require immediate action , of any kind by our government , there was really no reason for him to cut the visit short .
however , the not so subtle insult is unnecessary .
food stamps are n't only for mexicans .
i like my women like i like my cigars 7 years old and coming from cuba in a burlap sack
women who act like a man is supposed to do everything because they 're too " fragile " .
you bitches is real life basic asf step your motherfucking cookies up
this from a man who libelled ncr , and when i asked him for proof , he bobbed and weaved and obfuscated and blamed me for his refusal to back up his libel .
he also lied about me , and went through a similar song and dance rather than admit to having lied .
rd , you do n't get to ask that question , since you do n't offer proof when it is asked of you .
actually yes there were irish slaves in america mostly women and girls who were allowed to work in the manors as opposed to the fields they were also forced to have sex with the negro slaves this is why many african americans today have irish or english scottish blood in them
if it did n't work as a gun deterrent maybe you could get him to chase the laser light and lead him out the door !
what do you say to a man from liverpool who has a full time job ?
i 'll have a big mac extra cheese .
among immigrants hispanics have the highest rate of non marital births at < number > percent which means that < number > percent of births to hispanic immigrants are to a mother who was unmarried at the time of the child birth buildthemotherfuckingwall
< user > this is the guy i was meant to be arguing with his bio says he is a spic troll but press him on it and he is nt a spic i just got mixed up
if trump ’s tweets bother you more than what happened in rotherham or manchester , then i do n’t even know what to say to you ,
she was gay , and that means no more guys .
honestly , i 'm glad she was able to figure out what makes her happy .
i hope she finds an awesome lady .
all the more reason eugene needs uber .
gives us freedom to choose .
we need a j.t ready on the california border .
i think donald j trump should offer a resettlement program to all eu nationals who are not happy with the current immigration policies of it leaders that way trump gets immigrants who are nearly perfectly aligned with usa values education and european expats can feel better at ease
certainly the " strawman " post of the day .
as i do so , this very very small woman glances up , glares at me , and says ' stupid ' .
why small lady ?
why are you calling me stupid ?
lgbtq+ is nt an exclusive group that you need a membership for .
you can still be an ally no matter what the orientation is and you are under no obligation to do anything different just because you identify with the community .
be supportive , find yourself along the way , and do n't label yourself just so you can fit in with a group .
you fit in if you think that everyone is a human and recognize there is still an imbalance in equality between us and society and hope for a better future .
no i d cards or tests of faith required , just open and honest you .
honestly the only woman i would not ever date is a solid black woman hispanics are aye okay asians are qu3 < number > i do not have yellow fever anymore but white girls can be crazy ass folk indian and arab women maybe but they got ta be shaved no negotiating that shit
no , he 's giving arms to saudi arabia .
you know , the one 's who killed a journalist because he called them out on their evil , and where the vast majority of terrorists usually come from .
last time i checked , mexicans did n't bring down the trade center towers , did they , princess ?
url
here is todays big idea for you , think about it .
change your handle .
a good suggestion would be missinglink .
you should know the answer all along i get paid to watch when it 's too hot outside for angels to fly .
check out the subreddit that claims we're the hateful ones
no kidding ! ! !
dude get real we rent 3 bed 2 bath near the canal for 1850 .
six of us , yeah we share beds 3 guys with 3 girls were all good .
we all work diff shifts so its easy peasy .
< user > lmao oh ok i ama talking bout a dyke in the line he need to let you text him your picks and bring the bread
being a csu alum , one thing i would like to see added to the alternate look would be to have a mirror - gold helmet with the csu logo on it .
also , have a gold " bone ram horn " ( like the orange one ) used on the green helmet .
i licked it it queer now
" a new home ? ?
" wanting/ " 
 i did not come to eugene with homelessness as my goal , which any careful reader could infer from my previous post .
i did find work , but it did n't pay enough to show a landlord after i accumulated the requisite number of pay stubs .
i recently signed up for social security , motley , so xers and millenials ( including my daughter ) are taking care of my provisions , as my labor and that of the rest of my generation provided for my parents .
anything else , motley ?
please feel free .
because the mexicans do n't want poor guatemalans in their country .
is this racist or prejudiced ?
yes .
a wild misdreavus has appeared !
it 's iv is 75.56 .
despawns at 23:12:17 ( 27 m 7s ) .
https://t.co/bg0j72l71v
bonus points if she says people are gay fanny and she replies with happy
what is black and is stuck to a ceiling ?
a not very good electrician .
why do puerto ricans hang the puerto rican flag in their car ?
so they do nt steal from each other .
dorelas huerta and christina aguillar are racists .
the latino equivalent of neo nazis .
i ca n't believe that the dp would write an article letting them spew their crap as legitimate words in our society .
i am not surprise that reporter john frank wrote it .
he is a known leftist activist reporter .
this is far from being a " gratuitous smear " .
trump 's angry , racist remarks about mexicans and muslims have emboldened the alt - right and other white supremacist groups who now feel it 's acceptable to attack anyone who does n't meet their white , christian american standards .
would not it be funny if american blacks and mexicans were going around beating the crap out of muslim arabs the liberal media would flat lose their shit
britain is faced with a tough choice on account of making all extreme pornography illegal .
either make interracial porno illegal or accept that all other forms of bestiality are legal .
it was most certainly high even for secular jews during the ellis island days but i think the percentage of jews relative to their population that use welfare is higher than say asians or white catholics not sure though
go home muther fukers .... you're not wanted here .
bathe in your own p.o.s .
country you fleeing pusssssies .
we need to euthanize these scumbags who come here and demand our tax dollars to feed and house them .
better yet , let loose some alligators and pythons into the holding areas .
at least the reptiles could get a few good meals out of them
bring it on .
i rarely purchase canadian cheese because it is just too darn expensive .
it is time to bust the the dairy and cheese marketing boards in this country .
what do you mean goes and buys their house not only predates the ghetto it was there before ghetto people came to exist why do you want white people to take a stand for their home but jews to flee theirs
saying rap music is ghetto culture and liking a tweet that factually states that gays can not reproduce is racism and homophobia 😂 😂 these snowflakes need jobs and families so they can learn what real work and real life is all about and stop creating drama where there is none
rape is not a synonym for " treated unfairly " or " defeated , " @samklein28.@warnkemg got raped by his phone
b - real , wait ... who are you ?
lol why do you think you matter more than they do ?
i feel sorry for these obviously mentally sick white people who are obviously emotionally and intellectually retarded
blackpill they are still having babies someone call bill gates operation sterilize the beaners has failed
john are you saying that only latinos are illegal aliens ?
lol * * * * * grabber really fires you up hey .
i assume you 've never spent time in an auto body shop , construction site , oil rig , poker game , night out with the boys lol .
if i was getting recorded that line would be the least of my worries hahaha .
next what racism .
the only remote form of racism i 've heard was wanting to kick out illegal immigrants that happen to be mostly mexican .
i do n't see any issue with that as they are in fact illegal , end of story .
next what ignorance to scientific fact .
man made climate change is no scientific fact .
climate change most certainly is .
i 'm certain that long before man our earths climate changed   like it does today .
would you have claimed people were ignorant that were opposed to the barbaric medical practices of the past ?
questioning everything is how we continue to learn .
it 's ignorant to think that we know everything and that scientific " facts " ca n't change as we become more intelligent .
i 'd say prude and a bonehead .
# diversity fail for the start of the week in canada 

 terror attack in canada : isis loser stabs cop , ploughs through crowd
is that about supporting illegals ?
who here is an illegal ?
lmao it 's my pride pin .
yeah cuz it 's illegal to be gay in the us .
fuck off it 's more dangerous to come out as a moderate and conservative than it is to come out as gay .
no one gives a fuck who you fuck .. so fuck off .
ruben reyes , a federal judge in seattle ruled in favor of the states of washington and minnesota , which showed that they would be irreparably harmed and that they would likely succeed on the merits of their claim .
the claim was based on constitutional principles .
the ninth circuit upheld that ruling .
an explanation of why the executive order is unconstitutional follows .
trump himself must agree because he recently said he would be issuing a new executive order that would recognize the shortcomings that were identified by the ninth circuit .
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2017/02/05/why-trumps-refugee-order-is-unconstitutional-discrimination-on-the-basis-of-religion/?utm_term=.317f8c0e9891 
 https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-says-hell-issue-a-new-executive-order-on-immigration-by-next-week/2017/02/16/4b65e7d6-f463-11e6-a9b0-ecee7ce475fc_story.html?utm_term=.c4a07ab091e5
ibbitson writes : " let 's remember how the conservatives win . "
well , if john is talking about the " cpc " , they win with things like the in and out scam , robocalling , spending record billions of tax dollars to buy the vote ( eg : the " action plan " ) , spending hundreds of millions on overtly partisan govt advertising ( eg : the " action plan " ) , and then they tried to suppress the vote ( the " fair elections act " ) and tried to pander to canadian 's worst instincts ( " the snitch line " ) .
the last two tactics failed miserably and harper was turfed by an electorate who finally tired of the hyper partisan , overly obsessed ( with " getting " the liberals ) , legislative incompetents known as the cpc .
trudeau got a majority because of the overall backlash against the harper cpc and what little it stood for .
the cpc had a chance to re - invent themselves but somehow ended up with scheer .
same rejected tactics except behind a smile this time .
scheer will end up being known as the cpc 's dion .
canadian industry ....
and what do the gods to men who grab women 's private parts ?
only thing worse than arguing with a flat earther is arguing with a holocaust denier
wishing a happy new year to all slavic brothers and sisters let 's hope this will be a good year for us
a very close friends when i was younger tried to kill her self right in front of me after her mom basically called her dumb and worthless .
the only way you lose the white card is if you become muslim or buddhist or some shit like that
cishet always wait until their dicks itch and burn to worry about their sexual health .
what the fuck does body count matter if you do n't even know each other 's sexual health .
it 's probably been more than a year since you got tested and you worried about body count ?
you should never take anything from a beaner butthole i will grant that
not i they shut me out for stating the court should kill the beaner who said he was sorry he could not or did not kill more mf cops and they ban me twitter is fucked up
he should join the jew epstein in prison and share cells with bubba
the normal narwhal noticed and named while the nocturnal narwhal nodded and nodded . #
normalnarwhal # nocturnalnarwhal
i think 100,000 is a possibility this year .
why not come up here .
if your asylum claim is rejected you still have 5 years+ of living in a first world country prior to being deported .
not to mention getting your teeth fixed and a healthy monthly cheque .
if trump really comes down hard we could get more than 100,000 economic migrants .
can the feds raid the north shore sweeping up and deporting the hundreds of brazilians and mexicans who illegally live there and make a living off the books , primarily by selling drugs until they can find a desperate american female to marry ?
if a mexican and a pedophile fought , would it be alien vs predator ?
< user > < user > very shamefull act ov a muslim country
my ghetto has limits like i ’ m down for whatever but don ’ t be doing too much 🥴 🤏 🏾
does it really matter ?
just imagine someone claiming a loss after selling half of the fish they bought .
how does one lose with a 6000 percent profit ?
no , lee did not slaughter millions , and truth be told , there were aspects of his character that put most of us to shame .
still , we have to see this through the eyes of black new orleanians .
how would we feel if the chief warrior on the side of our ancestors ' long oppression were presented like a diamond in a beautiful setting ?
the statue of lee , in itself a thing of beauty , becomes grotesque no less than a beautiful statue of a hitler or stalin .
the analogy of lee to them is far from perfect , but close enough .
physical beauty bends to the meaning of the thing .
much as i will miss the statue --- i rarely thought of its meaning , but only of its physical beauty --- it was right to take it down .
being an addict for 15 years the money i 've spent has only been in the 200 hundred range because i 've been blessed and fortunate for others to give me stuff i know it 's not a thing to brag about just had this on my mind and wanted to share
wow , you 're mexican ?
i had no idea !
you 're so lucky you look white .
those are quotes directly from anti white semites so shove your fucking anti semitism up your faggot ass
ha good i am tired of that beaner clown
i do n't know anyone who 's pursuing socioeconomic equality in outcomes ... learning about white privilege helps me understand the experience of poc .
it helps me empathize and to adapt my political opinions to include the experiences of others .
white privilege is a real thing and we do n't need to use it as a bludgeon against each other .
the enemy here is privilege itself , not each other .
male feminists white knights secretly think women are retarded so it makes sense to infantilize their choices
there are good reasons why no state awards their electors proportionally .
the whole number proportional system sharply increases the odds of no candidate getting the majority of electoral votes needed , leading to the selection of the president by the u.s. house of representatives , regardless of the popular vote anywhere .
it would not accurately reflect the nationwide popular vote ; 

 it would reduce the influence of any state , if not all states adopted .
it would not improve upon the current situation in which four out of five states and four out of five voters in the united states are ignored by presidential campaigns , but instead , would create a very small set of states in which only one electoral vote is in play ( while making most states politically irrelevant ) , 

 it would not make every vote equal .
it would not guarantee the presidency to the candidate with the most popular votes in the country .
bellichick traded away two decent quarterback prospects maybe we could have given them aj derby back .
realistically , what do you think we could get for siemian ?
or who would be foolish enough to give us anything ?
you know what elway 's fantasy is of course , to get andrew luck .
he would sell his soul to the devil to get luck even if he has two broken arms and could n't play for five years .
" but on most issues — whether it is immigration or the economy or national security — we rise and fall together . "
that simply is n't true .
the rich are rising , the middle class is barely holding its own , and the working class is falling .
this is what " corrodes the sense of solidarity " and " breeds suspicion , cynicism and distrust " .
unless we change how the economy works , the us is in big trouble .
she s hot , but she s nothing special , i used to fuck a girl who looked just like her , was weird like her too , but oh my that girl was a cunt , she got so nasty when i did nt do exactly what she wanted , i fucked that bitch off quicker than trump deports immigrants
let 's lock all those guys up ! ! ! !
lol ! ! ! !
especially pelosi ! ! ! ! !
a company is working on making bullets that plant flowers from the shell casings ... this is good news because now inner city schools can finally have gardens
thanks for the great article , michelle .
flavio , you may not think you do n't receive anything in return , but there are police , fire & ambulance at your call .
if you rent , you are paying property tax in your rent to fund schools and education , possibly road repairs , water & sewer upgrades which are all conveniences for personal comfort and sanitation .
it 's very similar to supporting a church with your tithes or giving , you can be putting god before and in many others lives , feeding the poor and hungry , providing help to those without in many various forms .
i got an idea : let 's deport these terrorist rats to some cocoa fields in southern mexico .
these frosty fucks would die in a week .
if i ca n't get this , you guys definitely ca n't !
last tweet b4 i become inactive i was so jealous cuz harry potter can talk to snakes .
i didnt even realize it i was talking to them
you all need to spit onika cock right out your faggot ass mouths
4:26 oohhh , you think ur mom is strict ?
you should see my african - american mom .
and while you 're at it go see a latina mom , a arabic mom , and a asian mom .
the most your mom can probably do is take away your phone a ground you for a day .
my mom will get yer tennis shoe and use it as a weapon ! (
it 's a joke 😂 but seriously immigrant parents are wayyy to harsh .
i 'm not joking about the shoe thing lol )
i am deeply troubled by the recent actions of the nfl and it 's players .
i love my broncos and have been a fan since 1975 .
i hold this country and our flag dear to me heart but without hesitation i can say , they are dishonoring the flag and the people that have fought for it .
there are many injustices in this country but we must work together to rectify them .
if you go anywhere else in this world those same injustices are exponentially worse .
when will these protests end ?
during wwii , america had internment camps .
should i start waiting for the asian american protests ?
currently in this country our muslim population is being vilified and judged .
when will the muslim american contingent start dishonoring our flag ?
this countries latino population , i feel , is by far the most persecuted and judged .
where is their voice ?
does the current nfl player represent them in their protest against the flag and those who fought for it ?
please rethink these misguided protests .
btw trump is an ass .
< user > < user > shut up faggot
deport them all !
listen folks i am not normally one to preach but as a white male of privilege i < number > < number > mpcstatusupdates
so what has the gasping old party learned since its ' autopsy ' of 2012 ( and 2008 ) - they continue to alienate women , blacks , latinos , asians and other minorities , millennials , lgbts , non - saber rattlers , people who care for our planet .
no republican can win the presidency with a constituency of old , angry , bible thumping white folks .
the votes simply are not there in today 's tumble of real world diversity   - one they refuse to acknowledge and embrace .
as for lisa , she is increasingly speaking to alaskans with a forked tongue while appeasing the gop and her campaign contributors .
disappointing .
about fuck all imigrants to death time .
oh you mean these guys all jews vox said no jews are globalists is vox lying
terminate dark feminism please
< user > most of us are descendants of legal immigrants this battle has nothing to do with legal immigrants it ’ about illegal immigrants
.@slutwalkto @filotto @thegags29 @bowtie_guy14 @mylostgadget @justlaurenb @lostsailorny you support the slut shaming of # nomorepage3 ?
odd ...
my favorite book ever has a second book from a different perspective and i just ca n't wait to read it .
i wake , reluctant 
 too cold to get out of bed 
 but i have to pee
can someone bus trailer park trash meagain mctrustfund out of the united states ?
better yet , lock her up in a detention center .
her sense of entitlement must be brought back to earth .
@multifacettrash men are trash
i also find it quite disappointing and disingenuous ... that people / politicians have normalized the terrorist in the inner city , murdering in double digits every holiday weekend .
3,000 more us citizens have died in chicago than afganistan & iraq combined where 's the outrage ?
perhaps the wind bag will sue him for the billions that the lieberals tried to slide from the books .
deport them all .
send them back where they came from .. shoot them !
they 're violent
if he was white and not hispanic it would be s problem
so being an entrepreneur and working to save to become a self made millionaire is basic bitch talking points you have a right to your opinion enjoy flipping burgers for a living cuz that not being a basic bitch at all
she was gay , and that means no more guys .
honestly , i 'm glad she was able to figure out what makes her happy .
i hope she finds an awesome lady .
time to pack it in and let the jews win guys some spic who shot up a school had a loose connection to some larping white nationalists
press release we want to commend jussie smollett on creating < number > jobs for < number > wonderful immigrants
are there really that many gay people ? !
it may be that i am in california they are mostly wetback catholics disgusting hostile creatures no matter what god they pray to
my scientist can beat the living life out of your scientist on any day .
" oh boys , would you two faggots stop making so fucking much noise , im trying to sleep ! "
( wave ) swell : 5.3 ft at 16.7 s w / wind wave : 3.0 ft at 9.1 s wnw / wvht : 6.2 ft / apd : 10.6 s / mwd : 267 ° / 12:41p pdt
stupid white douche .
what do you get when you cross a black and a mexican someone who to lazy to steal hear about the retarded gang member he d tag chain link fences with graffiti
get armed and get trained , they are literally pushing for a genocide against us .
so was it the mexican whore fucking the nigger or the mexican fucking the nigger whore either way we know you had no father and you should fuck off to either mexico or africa you aids cunt
of course everybody wants to trade with the usa - as long as the usa runs the show !
ever hear of donald trump and his policies ?
go back to mexico you spic neocon le < number > nationalism
let`s hope senate finance faces facts and not remain married to past fiscal fixes .
this is a new paradigm and demands all hands on deck .
like mcguire , they have been all over the map .. avoiding doing their jobs, .. but boy are they busy putting up " vote for me " signs ( unless it`s the ones taking the money and running away from their mess they left us .. like stoltz and huggins etc ..
< user > < user > from being killed by nazis to becoming nazis
every country will have their own specific battle to fight while germany most of europe will have to fight off muslims america has beaners and other coloreds to fight off
nick the spic fuentes
you walk soto to face the man who hit a grand slam against the dodgers aj hinch are you fucking retarded
the u of nike ducks are running scared .
why are they not playing usc this year ? ? ? ? ? ?
< user > < user > < user > i am sure they think fuck you too one fake fan gone if that how you feel
if i were an # ootd kinda woman i would totally drop one today .
my suburban mom game is unfuckwitable .
y' all : omg you support a guy kicking a woman just for speaking her own opinion ?
it 's disrespectful and very immature !
also y' all : go kill your self you fat ugly beaner i hope you get raped and get deported back to your country ! ! ! !
i came up with a new mixed drink : < number > parts blood orange , < number > part cuban rum , served over ice .
i call it a jose fernandez on the rocks .
white americans and white europeons have too few children .
fucking nigger me up the asshole with a hotrod nigga
fuck you all faggot ass niggas
correct , doug ford has no connection with the ' ordinary guy ' .
rob on the other hand , despite his wealthy background , was very much connected to the ' ordinary guy ' .
rob 's appeal was not false , it was real .
that being said , his ideas were tired tropes that actually did n't help the ' ordinary guy ' ( e.g. forcing the slicing of critical bus services including the very ward he served ) .
he could never free himself from his family 's angry political ideologies .
literally anything racist or with the nword
why is anna acting like she black 😊
the jewish question is probably the greatest litmus test for loyalty if they defend this one group of people despite any wrong doing they are not on your side this is like the house negro protecting the slave master chicano
< user > < user > war is hell wake up you muslim moron
these areas that you name are the preserve of the rich , you wo nt find a single white working class person living there .
we might look down on blacks and pakis as scum and not want them living near us but the upper class feel exactly the same about us
omar is a piece of garbage .
she 's the biggest racist i can think of and a threat and embarassment to america .
i would like nothing more than to see her ejected from this country that she despises so much .
grey hairs come to us in our old age .
or wisdom for those who are sage .
they come too in a hurry 
 when we overly worry .
just relax as you turn the next page .
serb atrocities in srebrenica were pure evil not seen in europe since the days of nazi germany .
the serbian people need to come to terms with the crimes against humanity that were committed by their countrymen and engineered by their government with the support of   large parts of the serb populace .
they need to renounce the evil that was committed and bring to justice those directly involved in the murder of thousands of people .
another dumb bitch ratio
really ?
let 's check back in a couple of years .
you bitch niggas actin hard you remind me of sum dykes 😬 🤣
did you hear about the constipated mathematician ?
he worked it out with a pencil .
oh come on , what if someone chose to put swastikas on their foreheads , would that be acceptable ?
women under shariah law ( islam ) are not equal to men , and are subject to a number of oppressive practices , eg fgm , forced marriage , subservient status , etc .
the niqab is a symbol of this oppression .
how can anyone who claims to be a feminist support the wearing of a symbol that embraces these oppressive practices against women ? ?
thanks for a sensible perspective , eben .
too bad so many other seniors are being bamboozled by this psycho creep .
i 'm counting on the women and latinos / as to save us .
-- paul
usually , " representation " in music videos is one skinny girl of color in the background of a video .
this video celebrates real diversity and i 'm here for it .
on vacation in the pool drinking a beer .
cut up guy joined me with the same swim shorts i had on .
felt like i was in a before / after shot .
love the come back chad blair .. but what 's funny biased star advertiser would n't print it they only printed kirks challenge ?
only online star advertiser common bias bias bias
according to news reports the jury also acquitted him of involuntary manslaughter in ca when they get a jury of your peers that includes getting anchor baby wetback child rapists
< user > maybe should have course for monkeys and towelheads on sensitivity to white culture also
my mama told me it wrong to hate people so i just want you all to know i do not hate jews niggers faggots dykes fat bitch feminest cucks ragheads or illegals but i really really really fucking dislike them they should all die of ghoneria and rot in hell
rico beaners are busy stealing hording the cash from charities and welfare daddy usa instead of fixing the infrastructure and getting shit done the problem is corruption by elected officials and puerto ricans always has been and always will be
let 's be honest you ca n't stop mexicans from coming over that will be a problem until the end of the world
& gt ; :( i wish i stayed at the hotel a little longer bc a lot of my ( ex ) batchmates went 2 prom earlier i miss them but :( i m :( awkward :(
" tifu by being overweight and unattractive at the gym at night " - or , how being male and unattractive makes people think you 're a creep or a threat .
i do n't get it .
i 'm sure other races do it , but it baffles me that whites want to blame other races for some intangible issue .
blame the blacks , blame the chinese , blame the mexicans .
uh , what are they really taking from us whites personally ?
nothing substantial i can put a finger on .
certainly nothing from me personally that makes a hoot of difference in my life .
i 've got it good .
i could have it better , but the only one to blame for that is me .
the trump reference in the column was lost on you apparently .
trump is president despite the fact that his opponent drew more votes than him .
arguably this is a scare tactic , but the point is that under a pr system the will of the people is more broadly reflected in the results .
it was actually much better all - around before they charged you just to drive up to the hotel .
so what do you have against trailer parks ? ? ?
funny how everyone wants to come to white nations though is n't it !
i mean mexico for mexicans , india for indians , china for chinese , japan for japanese , me for arabs but white nations for everyone ? ?
your anti white hatred shows ?
why come here if you do n't like music , pork , beer seeing women dressed normal , dogs ?
there is lots of room in the me for you .
oh i know why they come here , it 's for the welfare !
i do miss the old days of european migrants who worked their butts off and made this country great !
built this country , defended this country against that dictator you seem to associate us with .
you are anti white , please leave you are n't good enough for canadian values , why do n't we let smart hardworking latino 's or asians in ?
what are you doing here ?
a lot of you forget that the latino refugees are fleeing the cia created mayhem , terror and slaughter going on in south america right now .
not everyone is from mexico .
go ahead and type , what is the cia 's role in creating terrorism " ?
or " what is the cia 's role in toppling south america 's governments " ?
i see not too many mention a wall to protect america from canada .
meaning canada is another colonial country stolen from the natives by britain and france , several more terrorism creating countries who depends on invading and occupying other countries , so a chosen few could leech off other peoples resources and lands like parasites .
no one mentions canada because the a lot of the people entering america are white skinned not brown .
got news for you , most of the terrorist attackers look blonde and white skinned and would not have acted if not for america 's politicians thinking its still okay to steal other countries resources by trickery and invasions .
save some of that up for our " undocumented tourists " when they start their " outreach " .
they do n't use fists .
oh you mean like count dankula who a self admitted communist with a tattoo of a red star on his chest who just got convicted of being a nazi because he white cowards like you find it very easy to attack the enemies of the jews
❓ ❓ if the story is that the right wants immigrants because they are cheap labor just how does that work if all of the immigrants are on welfare as far as lefties wanting votes is concerned we already know that illegals do vote
man these fucks at cnn make us fucking sick ... ! ! !
we are in full support of throwing the garbage ( illegal aliens ) right out the fucking door .. ! ! ! !
cnn is absolutely right family 's need to stay together .. so they need to get the fuck out and take your bastard welfare kids right with you .. ! ! !
you ever notice everywhere these nasty fucks hang out or live it looks like a garbage dump or landfill site ... ? ?
just take a look at where they live in mexico .. ! !
these nasty fucks have turned that place into a trash dump site ... ! ! !
if minorities in this country were truly oppressed you would n’t have so many people desperately pretending to be one .
< user > < user > < user > the non prejudice blacks will give em his props the prejucidice blacks will say he does nt belong in the culture when what the culture needed was a white following and he delivered pay respects
men would have duels now they have but sex eyy gg
so true .
a professional like a doctor or dentist might not start their paid working life until age 30 or higher , and might not reach peak earning years until their 50s , and not be able to start saving for retirement after paying off student loans and practice purchase until they are int heir 40s or 50s .
so that $ 250k / yr income at age 55 is really like making less than half of that given the 10 + years working for zero income in school and residency .
meanwhile government worker will typically have a db pension which is worth the equivalent of a million dollars by the time they are in their mid 50s !
but the government thinks it is the small - business heavyily deb - ridden dentist who needs to get kicked in the nuts with a heavy duty tax overhaul ? ?
the whole of western civilisation is our stuff a chinaman in a suit is a pretender a mestizo playing lawyer is a fabrication of a whitie situation they can not but dress up as white civilisation we are that thing that is all what they attempt matters not
omfg they are still repeating the fake news that the killer was a white supremacist 🤣 < user > ‍ he hurled slurs at blacks and muslims and according to the anti defamation league had ties to white supremacists
the democrats are inviting more homeless illegal people to cross the border while they complain it 's not enough money and housing while these illegals are jumping the line for affordable housing while some americans have been waiting for years .
seems like all illegals do is break laws and jump lines .
hahahah du .. have some shame son of whore .
you studied arts .
useless sperm of your pathetic cuck dad .
enough attention to an inferior blood like you .
i made your life by replying i know cunt :)
hey twitter you enormous fags do not you have more problems than anime posting weebs to worry about your problem should be the actual terrorists and maybe the kangz how about you ban some of those faggots instead
africans mexicans do not like the homos put up billboards in the ghetto barrio tying dems to gays i d like to see what happens next
seeing dexter fowler in a cardinals uniform is like what i imagine seeing @alexjade_4 with another guy would be like .
hey fam , does anyone have information on how q ect plans on respectfully removing all of the illegal aliens pouring into our country , right now ?
at the border now , hundreds of thousands more are there with eb0la , demanding asylum , accusing border patrol of racism .
we cannot loose focus of this trojan horse ! !
its common to for whites to love ethnics when they do n't know any as all they have seen is the pc image of them on tv .
what do brick sidewalks and fat women have in common they both get laid by mexicans
i did n't say all brexiteers are racist - only some
1/2 messican , 1/2 white babies can often pass for white until they turn six or seven when the golden brown coating covers all .
more than that .... if we cut the budget .
by then oil will rebound- and we can keep trimming useless state workers and voila- balanced .
until women the queer community have rights what exactly are we independent from
@whycrow the expanse
but it isn't a white majority country .
that needle tipped 10 years ago .
you go back to where your lice ridden tuberculosis infected relatives came from .
feminism is the greed for honor by some women against the status of the most prestigious men the great pretense is that feminist women want equality with men but feminists remain silent about the plight of low status exploited men
once a conman , always a conman .
what is white and covers the streets on a winter morning ?
employed people
" three excellent articles on the subject of homosexuality and the options available to individuals and the church : " 

 which " option " did you individually chose ?
silly question -   but without your response - you acknowledge yourself to be a fraud .
your pre - ordained response to my observation will make that manifestly clear ....
that 's it .
only the g & m and it 's simplistic fools blame all the ills of the world , particularly right wing hatred , on donald trump .
experts in profound analysis know it 's entirely the fault of the internet .
lol 

 forget the kkk has thrived for about 150 years .
forget nazism and fascism have found followers since the 1920 's .
forget anti - semitism has been active for at least 1000 years .
white supremacists ?
what about christopher columbus ?
look what the spanish conquerors did in latin america in the 1500 's .
and what the americans did to the american indians in the 1880 's .
maybe the source of right wing racist hatred is capitalism .
it 's always more virulent in difficult economic times when large numbers of whites are struggling to survive .
right wing racist hatred never went away - it was only waiting in the weeds for corporate oligarchs to let it loose for economic purposes .
the plight of illegals is sad indeed .
but , they are illegals .
if a nation can not control its borders , it will eventually cease to be a nation .
there is also the fact that many thousands of people wait for years to .immigrate lawfully .
i do n't pretend to have a solution to this vexing problem .
nevertheless   a solution must involve   maintaining the borders , allowing legal immigration , and facing up to fact that there are illegals here who are breaking the law and have no right --i.e .
a moral claim -- to be here .
.
" mr. bernier said he expects economic growth would pay for half the cost of his income - tax cuts , $ 15 - billion to $ 18 - billion . "
mr bernier is a typical conservative / libertarian .
he lies a lot ....... 

 how many balanced budgets from the right ( far right ) of reagan , thatcher , mulroney , bush sr / bush jr , harris and harper ? (
over 50 { fifty } years of combined power ) 

 three balanced budgets achieved by fire - sale of government assets . (
remember the 407 ......... suckers ? )
so , drop it maxime .
go and speak to prime minister mulroney , he knows the what , when , where and how that you do not 
 .
is totally not racist tucka carlson doing a special from vegas on the loose ends hmm hmm < number > tattoo on paddocks neck hmm jesus the beaner campos
you bet .... little petey 's city is a sanctuary city for illegals , so the mexican 's can ethnically cleanse the feral black thug culture .
little petey is a covert white liberal racist !
i 'm asian , and i fucking love rice .
hello everyone i am a freedom lover love god family and america i am white and will not allow anti american people of color destroy my country nor infiltrate my government
< user > those people who are simply seeking a better life are responsible for making life of the people of host country hell most muslim illegal immigrants are responsible for law and order situation and terrorism < user > is doing a brilliant job
if you had watched the 60 minutes piece on ulukaya recently , you would have had accurate information about the chobani hiring practices and how the company has benefitted the two communities in which the plants are located .
you realize when israel left the area they told all jews to leave the agricultural infrastructure , right ?
know what the palestinians did ?
they burned it all down because it was made by jew hands .
now their land is useless .
very intelligent , civilized people in palestine !
actually i agree with certain gatekeeping merely because in the dating world when someone says they are polyamorous i think it should be understood as something more personal and connected than " can fuck many people honestly at the same time " it is frustrating to think someone means they are poly and then it turns out they 're just nm .
how do we know that jesus was n't born in mexico ?
because he 'd never have been able to find < number > wise men and a virgin .
there are just women and men male and female there is no gender spectrum the ones that claim they are such and such are just in need of help i e psychiatric the only ones i accept other than male and female are gay and even then some dabble in this
what ’s the difference between a black guy and a white guy ? “
i have white guilt ”
it ghetto talk though it basically meant degenerate stereotypical trashy woman
what do you do when your lawnmower stops working ?
deport him .
search " white people " on twitter today if you 're unclear about the level of vitriolic hate people have for you and your culture 

 it reminds me that this is n't going to work out and they have to go
thank you juergen i submitted this quickly for clarity to your comment 
 
 " i am not sure what you mean " 

 luke 18:8 

 and he also told this parable to some people who trusted in themselves that they were righteous , and viewed others with contempt : 10“two men went up into the temple to pray , one a pharisee and the other a tax collector .
11“the pharisee stood and was praying this to himself : ‘ god , i thank you that i am not like other people : swindlers , unjust , adulterers , or even like this tax collector .
12‘i fast twice a week ; i pay tithes of all that i get . ’
13“but the tax collector , standing some distance away , was even unwilling to lift up his eyes to heaven , but was beating his breast , saying , ‘ god , be merciful to me , the sinner ! ’
14“i tell you , this man went to his house justified rather than the other ; for everyone who exalts himself will be humbled , but he who humbles himself will be exalted . ”
kevin your brother 
 in christ
fox propaganda where is the outrage over david stringer republicunt arizona legislature forced to resign for sodomizing young white boys not black boys !
where ?
is the word wetback banned
it okay to be an illegal immigrant
why do law breaking illegal aliens have more say so in america than american citizens ?
< user > let be honest multiculturalism is just a euphemism for hostile takeover by jews and non whites
this is purely for tourists .
sixty years , eh ?
you must have lived a pretty sheltered life .
why was jesus not born in mexico he could n't find three wise men and a virgin
i was trying to find out if the egyptians were white or not and my search brought me to a thread on this site .
goys are incapable of thinking .
just ate 12 nuggets and a potato loaded in cheese and i 'm still fucking hungry
always told you asians were based
what 's the difference between my mexican slaves and my new lawnmover i give my lawnmower water if it starts overheating on my lawn .
man , you should totes use that argument with the 58 people that died today .
oops , i mean 59 .
that is interesting .
i wonder how average pay works out between era 's .
contract workers tend to get good wages , but the employer does n't foot the bill for their medical care or other benefits .
yes , that could be part of their contracted wage , so it would nice to see ' total ' compensaion and not just wage / salary data .
ha ha ha no more trophies for women only men and those who used to be men
with no feminism or lgbthsghdjdgsvxhdbullshit this is going to be a success .
there are not " countless " men and women walking around naked .
but they sure seem to catch the eye of critics ! !
it all started with somebody miss gendering a transformer , then it melted down .
bahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 😂 🤣 🤣 🤣 🤣
shut your bitchass up ur a feen i feed off u
wipe out everybody and racism will be no more
zio trumps job promises are lies a study by the pro immigration group fwd us reveals an amnesty to daca recipients wld mean the hundreds of thousands of illegal beaners currently holding jobs in the u.s .
wld be able < number > remain at those jobs rather than those opportunities opening up < number > white americans
we need to do both .
otherwise , we 're simply drawing up walls between us .
as vatican ii reminded us :   there are two principal tasks of every catholic :   pursue holiness and apostolate .
the universal call to holiness and apostolate .
was n't vatican ii good ?
these two pursuits actually meet in the middle !
one reinforces improvement on the other .
do you remember the principle of " combined arms " from your army days ?
similar concept .
reinforcing action , creating new dilemmas for the devil .
its just another refugee camp for illegal aliens .
they think that all of us latinx are trash so why not die and fight for russia and prove we are not trash ... revenge is good for the soul and we can free ourselves from the evil empire(usa ) and make latin america great again ... i really hate americunts
@lanitas_kitchen 5 fucking mins is too muthafuckin long !
give @slysinzu muthafuckin 47seconds and that peppered turkey 's ip wld be tracked to his small intestine !
nigga is a certified hyena in nupe clothing
women are giving you more attention because they mistook the sexual dating market with the actual dating market .
in these days , most women chase the top 20 % of guys in their young days to fuck with and then come back to guys like you to get children and settle down .
you have to ask yourself if you are fine with a deal like that .
the only reason why they are with you is because you can provide for them , they do nt love you .
its up to you to decide if that is enough .
trump should have done this about 5 million trash illegals ago
they took the action of screaming for help and getting off the bus .
that nigga charlie murphy said p diddy got dolphin teeth
@de positive mind , please !
am very intrigued but before i go ahead and reply your comment above : please answer me this , which part of the nigerian legislation has this woman breached ?
please give us section number so that i can look it up .
did you know that according to un human right act 1998 , this woman 's fundamental human right has been breached grossly ?
i wonder if amnesty international is seeing all these human right breaches coming out of nigeria in this dawn of social media era 🤔 🤔 🤔
damonte dodd 's snap rn has me fucking geeked this man is hammered ! & #
128514 ;
having recently traveled to london i was disgusted by how non - white the city had become .
i now only go into the city when i have to and i had to yesterday and i could not belive what has happend in there .i think i must have seen every peice of dirt from every corner of the globe in there it was horrible .
so it works .
and it is necessary .
let 's hope the surveillance continues .
maybe it will plow the roads .
trump should call for a < number > day waiting period on bridges built by wetback girls
< user > wa alaykum essallam yeah lmfao i just said that cuz some ppl think that all arabs are muslims
ut is currently the top big 12 and texas school in the division i learfield directors ’ cup standings , per an ut release # hookem
my argument to repealthe19th is simple < number > voting either directs violence or is a substitute < number > men participate in organized violence women do not < number > women vote differently than men the farther the results of elections and violence diverge the less stable is democracy and the more likely violence
this will get out of hand .
when will we be erasing martin luther king from our history because he opposed gay marriage ?
when will we destroy all of picaso 's   paintings because he brutally beat all four of his wives ?
this idiotic trend will go beyond politics and american history , it will also effect the arts and entertainment .
air quality is on the decline from all the illegals shitting their pants after trumps win .
via the hrc : maine gov. janet mills signs legislation protecting lgbtq youth from " conversion therapy " url
2019 ca n't come fast enough .
not just set to become the biggest economy , we are constantly told china is poised to be the new world leader .
what was that saying ?
with great power comes great responsibility ?
you 're right about pope francis being effectively complicit protecting the ' honor ' of the priesthood at the expense of the dignity of children raped by the clergy .
he is capable of turning this around by one dramatic gesture : expunging the pontifical secret from canon law .
kieran tapsell and others have argued this at length , persuasively and repeatedly here on the pages of ncr .
bishops can say sorry till they are blue in the face .
the apologies will take on congruence and credibility when the pope backs up his calls for sorry days by getting rid of the source of the even more scandalous dimension of the problem which is that the hierarchy of the catholic church is canonically forbidden to report paedophile clergy except in those very few civil jurisdictions in the world that require mandatory reporting .
i think pope francis still holds the arrogant view that it is all an ' anglo ' problem .
there will be an education when the paedophilia lid blows off asia , latin america and africa
< user > < user > all of the illegal immigrants coming from checks notes the aquapeople residing in the gulf of mexico
i like my diversity like how i like my laundry ... whites in one load and colors in the other .
lolol 
 translation : " i am not affected by racism .
this is not my problem .
i see the injustice but i just do n't care about it . "
everybody needs to see # 13reasonswhy & # 128561 ; talk about getting your attention from the get go and so needed in today 's society . #
hooked
people say they want a country for whites like israel i say move to poland or any other very white nations just like jews moved from their homes to israel or america that is what is consistent logic wise
< user > i agree racism is wrong as a principle and as a fellow queer it important to strive for an intersectional inclusion in our community hate speech is wrong calling someone white trash is wrong but it also important to acknowledge the pain and fight of fellow queer poc
we all need guns to protect ourselves .
it should be in our constitution .
are you another of these " follow the hierarchy 's teachings , no matter how wrong they appear to you " fellows ?
not sure that something different equates to the the best representative of a great black guy finding love .
why not shine if you are given the stage .
there are great ones out there and nothing but the best is worth my screen time .
then post heinous crimes by us citizens while your at it motley .
i love your writing , but your narrow focus manipulates stereotyping .
segment population any way you chose and you will find those who have committed crimes .
and of course you 'll have many crimes that never result in charges or , maybe not noticed being crimes of property or complex financial graft .
those count too and destroy lives .
huma 's are n't perfect .
sometimes the criminal is wearing a suit , sometimes they may be wearing rags .
the failure 's are still personal .
please do n't expand these human failings into cultural stereotypes .
* i 'm not naive .
i 've was threatened   by a hispanic person when living in iowa(asking him to stop catcalling a female customer ) .
i recognize but do not like the very macho side of some culture 's that have lead to abuse of women and girls ( abuse by western standards at least ) .
but i do not damn all hispanics only because they share similar genetics .
" democrats are the real racists " has got to be my favorite cuck line of all time .
i like my white skin we discovered america and built it including most inventions sorry niggers beaners and chinks
there are no " politically correct " " requirements " for you ( obviously ) or anyone else .
what some call " politically correct " is nothing more than everyday politeness and basic respect for our fellow humans , regardless of race , creed , or color .
that 's why so many boorish , angry and hateful people sneer at common decency .
it just so happens their are a whole lot of boorish , angry and hateful people , who also hate any respect for others and common decency .
that 's why trump has modeled his public speech to appeal to the boorish , hateful , angry mob he calls his base .
you asked for it , you got it ( and how ! ) ,
toyota .
correct , doug ford has no connection with the ' ordinary guy ' .
rob on the other hand , despite his wealthy background , was very much connected to the ' ordinary guy ' .
rob 's appeal was not false , it was real .
that being said , his ideas were tired tropes that actually did n't help the ' ordinary guy ' ( e.g. forcing the slicing of critical bus services including the very ward he served ) .
he could never free himself from his family 's angry political ideologies .
fuck , i wanna fuckin , like , thrust my dick into dora , man .
i wanna fucking eat her little fresh pink pussy out until she moans in that cute little spanish voice of hers , before breaking her cute little untouched hymen with my monster 16 inch long cock .
i wanna play with her tiny little toes and lick them all over as i fingerbang her virgin child pussy as roughly as i can .
god i wanna fuck that pink little asshole so bad .
fuck !
hi , i am just looking for whitepride men in the western canada area particularly bc just to talk to hangout or whatever .
boeing has no world exposure / sales force ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
ut is currently the top big 12 and texas school in the division i learfield directors ’ cup standings , per an ut release # hookem
we 're back underway at the opel arena !
let 's have some goals in the second half , lads . (
46 ' ) # m05rbl 0 - 0
that nigga steal if he drive an impala with no hubcaps
it looks as though my account is now restricted ... i may have to " restrict " my subscription .
i am confused they say that national identity is made up are they really trying to say it ok to be white regardless of any borders are they really trying to say whites are the best regardless of any borders
mayor el porko is a sick , repulsive , person .
she is a disgrace to latinos , not only in puerto rico , but around the world .
disgusting - o ...
guys , the devil is behind suicide , he came to kill , steal , and destroy .
but jesus is come to give life , and life more abundantly !
listen to this man 's testimony from suicidal to hope and life in christ !
url
first scripted interracial kiss between a white man and black woman on us tv .
sorry .
just sayin ' .
it 's still an important milestone , but not the first interracial kiss on tv .
did molefe actually receive the " r30 million payout " ?
i was under the impression that this was stopped .
any help appreciated ...
that is not the reason why they stay .
it 's more complex than that .
are you seriously suggesting that canadians and canadian companies are folding their cards before this man is even inaugurated ? ?
wake up !
are we not a sovereign country ?
there is no puppetry here , unless we allow it .
i 'm personally glad that we are not only doing business but traveling to iran as visitors .
everybody wins .
they 're in prison what else can you do to them ?
the latino and black gangs have pretty much the same ideology .
eat the chocolate , lick the lolipop ... my mom was cool when i grew up .
she made me feel things .
i d rather get fisted by a nigger tbh
send that stupid woman back to where she came from .. africa .
teilhard de chardin represents a very small school of thought verging on heresy .
the big bang theory in no way invalidates the truth genesis proclaims .
it tells us who created the universe , what creation was intended to be like , how it went wrong through man 's disobedience and the consequences of that disobedience .
it is not a scientific explanation .
< user > you confound arabs with north africains white people romains and iberian origin and i am the illiterate how many languages do you speak doctor in geography which is pointing africa in the arabic peninsula i speak < number > like a native sucker
oh woaw fansites from other groups have been hiding quality pictures that they took of got7 members until now
@toxicallyfemme that 's why you never cuff a bitch you took from a nigga 💯
treating black folk as if they are retarded and can not handle construction criticism a countries laws social expectations and the difference between right and right is what the virtue signalers do and they are most often white savior progressives
nothing like a 10 k walk to clear the cobwebs & amp ; get my thoughts in order .
today is another day .
i 'm still moving forwards not backwards & # 128170;&#128170;&#129304;&#129304 ;
i swear if i ever die someday and some sorry son of bitch votes democrat on my behalf i will comeback and slash that motherfucker
pride month ?
pride in what ?
there is nothing pride - worthy in just being attracted differently .
like,,,celebrate ur anniversary man is that not what is more important idk it 's just so petty
" what idiot called it " " campaigning " " instead of " " nursery " " ? "
even when they are stuck between two white babies like an inside out oreo cookie
baloney .
it has nothing to do with censorship and everything to do with promoting civil debate .
instead of lobbing insults , why do n't you roll up your sleeves and bring some facts to the debate ?
name - calling is no substitute for doing your homework .
in my experience a looooot of gay relationships crumble once the honeymoon phase is over .
if y'all've crested past that hump , you 're already in a better situation than the majority of gay relationships ( numerically ) .
@wesstreeting @hayteratlords @jeremycorbyn there are jewish staff in corbyns office .
you know this .
is it acceptable to make suggestions any jewish people are nazis .
you are out of your depth as per usual
< user > stop pretending your sarcasm over a towel head shot in texas is obvious and disgusting fake thoughts and prayers
how can any of our delegation seriously consider gilliam ?
he puts his personal business in front of alaska .
because of his lodge in lake clark he subverted the pebble mine permitting process .
if cash eliminates the4 rule of law and established permitting why even have the regulations ?
scratch his name from the list .
le3
they can not get the job done in alaska or washington with seniority .
we elect the same people and expect different results .
i am tired and frustrated of our leaders .
where are the statesmen ? ? ? ? ?
citizen legislators and not lifetime politicians are what we need .
okay taco munching beaner
you think ? ? ?
yeah those gov contractors responsible for resettling immigrants brought in by the gov and leftist un looks like you were not educated let ignore the agenda by msm leftists un and go attack christians right you are no different than any stupid leftist also slander is the tool of the loser
and who is this lovely exotic young lady over here ?
why does n't mexico have a good olympic team ?
because all of the good runners , jumpers , and swimmers are in america .
historically speaking , the only time people have actually tried to cause meaningful change in america outside electoral bounds is when their regional identification superseded their national connection .
and none of that is true .
even after all the terrorist attacks by muslims and latino gang members , there are virtually no incidents of any muslims or latinos being attacked .
your side and its silly rhetoric that painted all opponents as nazis was defeated .
i 'm so glad that 's so , because it shows real and positive hope for america .
bloody hell kondor _ rnu , this is excellent mate !
you can call me queer , bi , pan , fluid , or a purple spotted giraffe .
to make things even more ( or less ) complicated i have even identified as grey - asexual and sapiosexual in the past .
just a human living my life .
not trying to erase or invalidate yours .
✌ 🏼
these are the guys protecting violent criminals and rapists like ms-13   from being deported just because they are latinos too , get fuck out of here
rape is not a synonym for " treated unfairly " or " defeated , " @samklein28.@warnkemg got raped by his phone
this is exactly why we need to make america white again .
brown people are uncivilized savages that contaminate the earth .
trump 2020 🇺 🇸
did you know the only time moslem women can walk before men
what do you call a mexican rapist ?
all too common .
the notice fan -gets noticed by all of fob -has 30 + replies -followed by the fob acc -envied by the whole fandom -highkey lucky
i heard those kids at the border deserved it .
watching my retarded cat play with catnip is probably the best part of my day guys
what does the constitution say about immigrants and illegal immigrants amendment < number > section < number > – all persons born or naturalized in the united states and subject to the jurisdiction thereof are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they reside
" " " someone suggest songs for people who just broke up with their friends , please .. wait , i 'm not saying ' please ' .. i am ordering you ! ! ! " " "
e url url url reminding , cautioning , and warning to the muslims and the disbelievers who are turning away from the caller to the greatest bliss that is greater than the world and the hereafter url
you are not even white ya fucking kike suck that fuentes spic dick more fake ass kike moonman
if i 'm being nice to you and trying to be a decent person it does not mean i want you or want to get w / you
i do n't know anyone who 's pursuing socioeconomic equality in outcomes ... learning about white privilege helps me understand the experience of poc .
it helps me empathize and to adapt my political opinions to include the experiences of others .
white privilege is a real thing and we do n't need to use it as a bludgeon against each other .
the enemy here is privilege itself , not each other .
hating beaners is so easy
a ) what does this have to do with atheism**+ * ( real question ) ?
b ) what does this have to do with ethics in videogame , apart from the fact that she is brown and people here do n't like brown people — probably because of gamma ( rethorical question ) ?
dd is becoming a great # cajun chef .
can you recommend a classic cajun # cookbook or recipe to advance her studies ?
thx :)
i blocked her so she wo nt be stalking me anymore ha fuck you too
corporate welfare has almost the same mentality   but they can afford to crap on gold rim toilets and let the mexican or asian maids clean it up .
the only difference is wealth vs. indigent .
i could smell the liquor , i feel fucking disgusting & # 128567 ;
girls still talking shit after not talking to them for two years .... ca n't relate being that fuckin bothered url
honestly .
yes , i know the republicans who made comments about blacks and latinos .
i took exception to their comments not because i personally know of whom they spoke but because of the way it was stated .
" well , you know how n * * * * * * are " or ' honestly , mexicans are so lazy .
she always leaves my house not quite clean . "
that is offensive speech to me .
and i think this discussion is just a smoke screen to detract from the real issue .
it is wrong for any race to make assumptions about another race based on too little information .
that is not the same as white nationalism , and do n't try to pretend it is .
stop sucking that fatass ' dick , you niggerloving kike
congress ' break may not last very long .
in the wake of james comey 's abrupt termination , congress may soon be called back to deal with what hawaii senator brian schatz described as a " full - fledged constitutional crisis . "
now that trump 's over - built house of cards is starting to collapse , impeachment proceedings may soon follow , as happened shortly after nixon 's termination of archibald cox , and that will overshadow all talk of health care reform .
if that 's the case , the aca will stand , at least for the time being .
that is just as well since congress has the more important task of dealing with a corrupt president who colluded with a hostile foreign government in order to get himself elected .
no need to go past the origins of the author , the university of misguided social justice .
oh how i 'd like cum inside your sweet pussy non stop and i would like to fuck you personally on my pussystretchcasting porn shoot .
or abuse their husbands or boyfriends .
some articles estimate that about 1/3 of the victims are men .
https://www.helpguide.org/articles/abuse/help-for-men-who-are-being-abused.htm
seven billion ` ` humans '' on the planet and with open borders , h1 - b visas , fake social security numbers , colleges hiring foreign nationals over white legal americans , and obama 's amnesty on line with an apathetic public , , , well , dye your skin black and unlearn your english and you might get a good job .
< user > < user > < user > the non prejudice blacks will give em his props the prejucidice blacks will say he does nt belong in the culture when what the culture needed was a white following and he delivered pay respects
< user > how about you get the overwhelming amount of heterosexuality off my gay ass tv first and then we can tackle the significantly fewer pieces of queer rep that you clearly take such issue with obviously to protect your daughter whose sexuality you have no control over anyways
good morning to everyone except politicians who favor the welfare of illegal immigrants over that of the american citizens they have sworn to protect maga
really ?
you've never been out of the country ?
you were born here ?
why do aspirins work ?
cause they 're white .
in the latino culture , like the arab culture , wife & child beating is normal .
better get used to & support it liberals , that is your base .
cardinal sarah warns that an apostasy is underway in many parts of the world , and in some parts of the church url
that why these sand niggers and other shitskins should be banned from this country
feminists who are so concerned about female harassment and abuse address the muslim migrant rape problem in europe or shut up
ha ha ha no more trophies for women only men and those who used to be men
i think sehun is really mixed .
is n't it obvious that he 's a demigod ?
he 's aphrodite 's son ! #
sehun @weareoneexo url
< user > refugees acceptance needs to be proportionate to refugee creation the us should take most of them
i guess people have forgotten these important principles promoting the common good : 
 1 .
illegal immigrants should not be allowed to break the law ; illegal immigrants do this every day when they force themselves into america .
2 .
illegal immigrants should not be assisting multi - national and trans - national corporations to drive down the wages of all working class people .
3 .
illegal immigrants are taking jobs away from poor and young white , black and hispanic american citizens .
where did these principles come from : civil rights activist , african american , lesbian , physically disabled , and hero to the american left and progressives : congresswoman barbara jordan .
her immigration task force in the 1990 's came up with these three principles , and i wholeheartedly agree with them .
they were sound then , and they 're sound today .
not wanting illegal immigrants makes you a bigot apparently .
yeah just let them in our countries hahah what 's the worst they could do hahaha
mess with the bull you get the fucking horns , asshole , bitch , fucking cunt , whore bag .
bring on the war cause i 'm not backing down for no fucking puto .
😈
how timely !
i literally just learned about gilgulim today !
my mother found out her birth parents are jewish a few years back and even before that i felt drawn to the religion .
now i have a word for the innate draw i have felt my entire life to the jewish faith .
banks are doing what ?
and interest is gon na be what ?
both belong to white people and enrich white people only , fact ! ! ! #
antizumamarches
an idea to consider might be not engaging with her .
as soon as i found out she was with child by a mulatto and she 's a wet back too , i suddenly found her to be repulsive and shall never watch anything she is in again .
a couple do look grey but the majority of it looks like an ashy blonde colour that really does not blend well with the mousy brown .
i think this is just badly done highlight and seeing as this person has awful taste in clothing and posts crap like this i would n't expect them to have much better taste in dye jobs
fuck no that 's fag shit .
do n't even be tryna impress these bitches either they ai n't nothin url
can ’ t help wondering if his friend had been raped by a white guy would he have gone out for a week looking to provoke and kill white guys
mr azavii , tear down this wall 
 we need to explode with blackpills
kind of in the same boat , except my parents are still together and they both are trans and homophobic and the only way for me to transition is if i move to a different state .
i know how you feel and i 'm sorry your dad has to be that way .
thanks miriam .
yes there those of us white women who try to be aware and write of other cultures , other races , other genders .
sometimes it works , sometimes not .
i think it requires responsibility and true and strong insight of your own perspectives 
 that being said - i would talk to your prof about the syllabus .
it needs to be way more inclusive like maybe belle hooks - fath ringold - john witmer - wesley lowry 
 one needs to see writing from both sides other and same .
when i write if my own culture , i inherently want to self censure 
 and am always afraid of spilling the bones .
philip roth and chaim potok had similar issues to my own .
also many works are out of print for various reasons .
gwendolyn brooks had a sonnet cycle about african american wwi soldiers coming home .
it 's easier for me to do research on other groups not my own - if i do mine i get caught in cultural shoulds and shouldn'ts .
good luck on your own research and work .
dig deep and hard .
according to lambo men have cervical cancer while women have breast cancer bb naija
so this is what the other half of trump supporters look and act like , the deplorable side of the family ... hillary might have a valid point ... #maga
happy trans day of visibility buddy , i 've celebrated by going to my local transgender pride , protesting our rights .
it 's not really the other side of the spectrum .
as a tall woman one can make lots of money e.g. in media , sports and fashion industry , also one may meet indimitated people , but never a lack of respect , especially not in work .
there tall women often earn more than short ones .
being tall is nowadays very important to many , it is a well sought trait and like i said one only has benefits in workplace .
however a short guy on the other hand ...
jews dominate the donor class both republican and democrat why fixate on the jewish question you will never solve as a tide of hispanics blacks breed you into the third world
i want to see my woman
the story about the awful alt - reich evangelical protestant preacher wannabes harassing the latino congregation is awful .
trumpkins tend to be bullies .
great letter rudy !
i 'm surprised adn printed it though .
the globe editors do not get to elect public officials and if they are british ( i think that is their background ) or canadian they do nt event get a vote on the us election .
what they are doing is simply trying to make a big story out of a nothing .
i am not a trump supporter but i have become so fed up with their media bias and paternalistic elitist attitude that i find myself sympathetic to him .
if they let trump fail , as he will if he keeps up his tweeting teenage behavior , the us will elect another president in 3.5 years .
if the editors and the ny times do nt stop , they will harden his supporters if only as way of putting a lid on the elitist know it all arrogance .
one of our strongest tools in stopping violence against women is public shame of the abuser and public support of the victim .
beyoncé has < number > albums in billboard < number > 😌 see when your the main bitch
dad : : so , is your new boyfriend mexican ?
me : : why does that matter ?
dad : : well , is he ?
i mean , it does n't matter ... just as long as he 's not black .
a phone conversation with my father in december last year .
made me feel angry , sad , but unastonished .
< user > started from islam raped modi and ended his powerful speech with laillaha ilallah there no god but allah and we will fight till end did not vote him but indeed it one of the best speeches i have ever heard
i would have no problem with the transgender thing .
people with ca drivers license can drive in texas , and every other state .
your proposal could work if the government was never allowed to see or use the records of the private companies in any circumstance .
however , if that were the case there would be no way of knowing if anyone was certified .
statistically , gun crimes are not a significant problem .
and you will not get a 2nd amendment tirade from me .
i think and recommend anyone interested in gun ownership take a gun safety and shooting course .
as far a the 2nd goes , it is my understanding that the founders put it in for the specific purpose of citizens being able to defend themselves against a tyrannical government .
there is a downside to freedom , the more freedom allowed comes with the risk some will abuse the freedom .
anarchy has the greatest freedom with the greatest danger of violence .
dictatorships tend to government violence on its citizens .
i prefer freedom with the risks .
i wanna be fucked !
find my name here https://t.co/7ex2yjua9 g https://t.co/kzuswse5oa
it ’s seems to me that horses do more damage to trails than mountain bikes , yet there is no blanket ban on horses in wilderness areas .
@techconnectify eugenics is a hell of a drug
ilmar omar is such a us - hating woman and you - f***ing cbs - as an american news outlet make yourself common with such a terrorist favoring creature .
disgusting .
no patriotism , no love for the own country .
go down the drain .
you will follow cnn .
the last thing this bitch needs is roast
< user > < user > and white supremacy is a phrase meant to incite racial hatred and violence against white people
trump and the despot deterte seem to also be bffs .
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-watch/wp/2016/12/08/the-disturbing-bond-between-donald-trump-and-rodrigo-duterte/?utm_term=.5d384b5e557c 

 endorsed by david duke , kim jong - il and helped to victory by vladimir putin .
trump 's pick for cia director wants snowden executed .
ottawa should grant those who assisted snowden asylum .
y'all orgy bitches still ugly swapping spit n shit with the whole group y' all ai n't ever hurd of herpes ?
😣
yep , and do n't pump treated drinking water into fire - hydrants ( as per the story ) .
@andholl77 @nightowlsne new evidence - based ripper theory / book written by top criminologists drs baden , lee & amp ; wecht : … https://t.co/fxd0ioxium
the world 's comedians will have fun with this : 
 the owner called a fat old groper 's presence in the white house a “ breath of fresh air . ”
....... ha !
like no , as soon as i hear that attitude and disrespect , just know i 'm getting closer to losing my job & # 129303 ;
what is a mexican 's favourite sport ?
cross - country
it 's almost hard to believe the shayateen were locked away this ramadan with the way some of you were acting .
" is your name kim jong - un , m'boy ? " "
no papa " " then finish off your vegetables "
yes , the villages have huge issues with lack of leo .
i would imagine that any community that does not have armed police would be a mecca for crime .
however , who would fund every village having police officers ?
the fact that villages have tremendous crime is no different than the crime we have in anchorage .
the bush has isolated areas , limited access and is often days before troopers can arrive .
investigating is difficult , time delay allows everyone involved time to come up with a story , evidence can be destroyed etc .
i think every village should have armed police , no village leo person should ever be without a weapon .
ideally 2 officers should be in every village .
it 's almost impossible to investigate / charge / convict if no one talks .
if the officer is native he is usually somehow related and knows everyone .
if he is n't native , he is viewed as an " outsider " .
i ca n't imagine being in either of those positions .
my exhusband is ak native and our daughter is biracial .
racism hurt my heart .
“ never let a bitch take your spot period ” rosa parks < number >
she hates america and israel .... maybe she should go back to somalia .
next time maybe america wo n't save her ?
xd
the problem is that many can not afford to feed and educate children .
this is why birth rates are so low .
ten years ago , when my two children were small , i was paying over 2k / month in daycare fees alone .
unless they are very poor , young families can not afford to have more than one or two children .
most people depend on two incomes , and having one parent stay home for five or more years to rear children is unrealistic .
but we are addicted to economic growth , and have to figure out a way to finance aging baby boomer health care .
that leaves two choices .
help families and thereby increase the birth rate , as qc has done , or increase immigration levels .
with 9 % of precincts reporting  
 roy moore 50,524 votes 52 % 
 doug jones 44,878 votes 46 % 

 moore is leading .
dam 😵 bitch you ai nt gone say hay
not all straight men - i am frustrated .
unlike on okcupid , queer folks don&#8217;t have the ability to block ... http://t.co/hbf2xza0ke
why do aspirins work ?
cause they 're white .
karma is a bitch
mr / ms so - called brown , 
 i did not say anything about latino nannies .
now did you come up with that kind of detail ?
hmm .
you speak of an integrated school , but from your statement it is clear that you are fine with any or all neighborhood families being thrown out of ainsworth ( " redistricted " ) so long as you are not affected .
the worst kind of hypocrite is the one that does not even realize it .
btw i am brown , so do n't bring your racist bs argument here .
can you reconcile your statement with the fact that the ainsworth si program has so few minorities ?
why are you so opposed to making the program more inclusive ?
she hates america and israel .... maybe she should go back to somalia .
next time maybe america wo n't save her ?
xd
implying i give a fuck about beaners and commies in california with whom it impossible to share a system of government with
speaking to black leaders and hispanic students ( you do n't qualify the women you talk to ) ; why would you exclude white caucasians of either sex from your conversations ?
would it not be considered to be biased by the splc to limit your interactions to racial minorities ?
check comments : joe rogan destroys jon mcintosh • /r / videos
ducksoup :   i agree with you about japan but you are forgetting that japan does not have the populations of black men and women , white men and women   or any men or woman   that have ptsd , mexican men , latino men , huge numbers   of mentally ill etc .
all high crime folks ...
do many women get turned off by men who post nudes online ?
the elites in canada are even more distant from the grass roots of canadian life than the ones in the uk and us .
they 're a tight knit group of academic , union , media and political elites who engage in groupthink on every subject .
the national media is absolutely chock full of them .
they 're smug smarmy , self - righteous progressives who honestly believe they represent the majority - because they never meet or hear from anyone not a member of their clique .
as an example you can see how virtually every media personality and columnist has strongly denounced kellie lietch 's fairly simple and inoffensive idea to test potential immigrants for their values as offensive .
virtually all politicians have denounced it too , including almost all conservative candidates .
yet two separate polls , both by left leaning organizations , have shown that an overwhelming majority of canadians want values testing .
the notice fan -gets noticed by all of fob -has 30 + replies -followed by the fob acc -envied by the whole fandom -highkey lucky
i would be a much more sane human being if i was getting dick on a regular basis
here are two articles that suggest a bannon / burke nexus : 
 http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2016/11/20/the-american-who-would-impeach-pope-francis-if-only-he-could.html 
 https://www.buzzfeed.com/lesterfeder/this-is-how-steve-bannon-sees-the-entire-world?utm_term=.ja3j7nd3n#.ie8dgmx7y 
 both articles refer to the same event -- a talk bannon gave in 2014 .
one is a description of the sponsoring group and burke 's relationship to it ; the other contains a transcript of bannon 's talk .
i am not suggesting that this is evidence of ongoing collaboration between bannon and burke .
i am merely suggesting that this is one occasion when their paths intersected .
whether that reflects a more sustained relationship , i do n't know .
but i would think a good investigative reporter might want to find out .
burn all the gays burn all non whites i am living for giving these niggers their due i m burnin i m burnin i m burnin a jew hitlerwasright
it would have been good to have had a comparison with a salaried family for comparison purposes .
the article was otherwise good but some of the assumptions were wonky .
for instance .
families 3 and 4 could take advantage of rrsp limits by taking some of the dividends as salary .
" is your name kim jong - un , m'boy ? " "
no papa " " then finish off your vegetables "
is n't it dishonest to label this agenda as " advocating greater acceptance in the church " for those with same sex desire ?
everyone is welcome accepted in the church .
the actual aim is to pressure the church into accepting active same sex relationships and " marriage " as god given and therefore equal to marital sexual relationships between men and women .
india should link teesta with bangladesh taking back illegal migrants .
its just another refugee camp for illegal aliens .
why is shyness & amp ; awkwardness sexy in a woman ... 
 ... but repulsive in a man ?
.. it 's hard to supply toothbrushes and toilet paper with instructions in spanish .
also we need a higher tax on the american people to pay for the other 150 million coming form south america for some free healthcare and toiletries .
maybe we could provide ships to pick up illegals in europe and bring them to one of our better concentration camps ..
rotten two weeks is an understatement just like pretending he 's respected .
in germany he said canadians are more messy because we have french and latino blood ( identity politics ) and that new immigrants were more canadian than those born here .
then of course there is the lie that khadr would have won more money and then protecting his blood money from the widow .
jr. is a half witted anti canadian waste of skin .
how do you know when your human is cooked ?
oh shit this is n’t google ...
two of my best friends are immigrants from mexico and lithuania respectively .
they tell veeeery different stories about growing up in america with english as their second language .
why do gay people need glasses ?
they ca n’t ever see straight !
california plates ?
traffic violation ?
hispanic ?
drug corridor ?
these clowns should get life for first degree stupidity .
conor cherry would want to keep his fucking day to himself now
< user > i agree racism is wrong as a principle and as a fellow queer it important to strive for an intersectional inclusion in our community hate speech is wrong calling someone white trash is wrong but it also important to acknowledge the pain and fight of fellow queer poc
fanatics are created at home    around the dinner table , listening to the elders speak of world events and religion .
just as young jews and christians listen to their parents talk of   charity work and helping the sick and poor people of the world ,   muslims learn to wish death   on jews and christians over generous servings of mom 's good home cooking .
good point , making a sweeping characterization that most latinos and blacks are uneducated in no way appears racist .
and as always , you are correct , it is always proper to respond to a perceived attack by engaging in the same conduct .
since you believe others have referred to certain white groups as uneducated , you are completely justified in characterizing any non - white group you wish in the same manner .
as jesus taught , turnabout is fair play .
so now that ca has that equal pay law , do male porn stars make the same as female porn stars ?
you moron i 'm a us citizen who lived " up there " for 55 years .
so do n't push your racist far right b / s on me .
go to a domestic shelter in the south and tell me how many of these are latino .
ignorance is unfortunately a trail you 'll follow all of your life .
by the way i 'm a white guy married to a latino
lil wayne & baby are the only real men from ymcmb that actually held nicki minaj down during everything that happened over the past 2 years !
url
lolol 
 translation : " i am not affected by racism .
this is not my problem .
i see the injustice but i just do n't care about it . "
ffs everthing is offensive to muslimes
the policy was wonderfully effective it succeeded in keeping insane kike with taco beaner last name nicholas cruz from suffering the fate of the school to prison pipeline everybody sing kumbaya kumbaya
you all bitches always posting some faggot ass shit smfh
california plates ?
traffic violation ?
hispanic ?
drug corridor ?
these clowns should get life for first degree stupidity .
@ilhanmn have you legally migrated to our country and followed the proper process toward citizenship ?
do you love our country and abide by it 's constitution ?
do your fellow citizens come first ?
if so you are a " real " american !
that racial crap you spew omar is n't nothing but lying filth !
normies who say we have no morals practice adultery , fornication , and abortion .
what 's that city kit all about ?
the designers at @nikefootball should be fucking shot in the bollocks .
being a small minded and nasty person who is lacking in emotional and spiritual maturiyt and whose ministry is basically scamming gullible people out of money certainly strike me as disqualifications to the priesthood .
and i 'd prefer that the right men ( and sadly it is still only men ) enter the priesthood rather than ordaining anything with a pulse .
we really do n't need immature woman hating men who want to play latin mass dress up and act like little dictators becoming priests .
they do so much to chase people out of the church .
the future of the catholic church in this country is becoming more and more hispanic .
that is one of the reasons so many white catholics jumped on trump 's racist bandwagon .
a hrc apologist .
if unable to do the job with the allocated funds , maybe it 's time to change those in charge .
drum , kevin ( march 27 , 2016 ) . "
hillary email scandal continue to be dumb but non - scandalous " .
mother jones .
drum , kevin ( march 10 , 2016 ) . "
hillary clinton 's honesty problem is not what you think it is " .
mother jones .
most go to the bush to get their student loans forgiven , and after 3 years most have no intention of ever going back .
alaska does n't offer an easy transition to teaching , thanks to the nea .
if you are college educated and want to become a teacher guess what ?
2 years of college classes an an unpaid internship stand in the way of the state issuing you a teaching licence .
< user > trump erroneously presented the total number of aliens in the country < number > million as the number of illegal aliens in this country
i thought that justice was supposed to be blind in the us . ...
not !
if every white man who cares about the survival of our race killed as many niggers and kikes as they could before getting arrested or killed the problem would be solved in no time this is what they fear more than anything
url indian fans do watch and support team india for their future matches !
☝ 💗 👌
tell me a non - white country that is n't an absolute shit hole / corrupt beyond repair / boring / unfree / lame as fuck .
for my # lgbtq friends in the catholic church : god loves you . #
pridemonth   url
this was all for " our " manipulation !
san jose has a large hispanic community and trump wanted this confrontation to show voters how " mexicans " are dangerous .
then the true thugs showed up !
let the border down and let the predators come on and finish it off .
who cares anymore .
or send in the military and take them out .
either or .
trash … those people like cortez are so amoral they really don
pissing off our allies while cozying up to some of the world 's worst regimes .
a homerun ?
i was never a fan of reagan or bush policy , but at least you could believe they cared about western democratic values .
i 'd come up behind and smack your ass before spreading your cheeks and eating your ass and pussy , then put my cock into your pussy and cuddle fuck you
the media focuses on the word " owe " ...... but ignore trump 's real point about nato members not meeting a target they agreed to , most ( including canada ) do n't even have a real plan to meet the target .
yes , words matter , yes trump said " owe " , but it is not the point he and others have been making .
germany does n't " owe " as in they need to give the us money for past defense spending , but germany does not meet the 2 % target , germany ( and others ) is not paying their fair share ( below 2 % ) and most nato countries do benefit from us defense spending and are able to have smaller defense budgets because of the amount the us pays .
shit i forgot to include arabic hebrew yiddish spanish swedish finnish fucked beheaded goat sheep and chained up slaves in burkas speak to be inclusive and tolerant of religions rats vermin weasels bacteria women being raped by maggots maggots fucking goats am i missing anyone
literally i ’ ve infiltrated the ghetto there is gunshots everywhere call the police the police
love the come back chad blair .. but what 's funny biased star advertiser would n't print it they only printed kirks challenge ?
only online star advertiser common bias bias bias
the only negro i d shed a tear for
here 's a thought .
why does n't the lgbtq community add an " s " for straight people in order to cover all the bases & celebrate acceptance for all ?
that would be true inclusivity .
he did n't shoot up the bar cause of chapo retard .
he hated women so he killed his sister and killed a bunch of other college fags .
jayda fransen britain first was arrested at today 's justice for chelsey demonstration .
alaska has more money per capita then any other oil state in the nation .
the real issue is alaska has all the money it wants locked away but between ( 1 . )
the big oil monopoly and ( 2 . )
the oil haters , alaskans and the leaders may let these two have the state 's oil wealth stay locked in the ground , will this change in 2017 ? .
insightful and honest leadership is all that alaska had missing over the years , will the legislature and oil and gas agencies improve this year and stop pricing everyone except the majors out ?
alaska needs to get rid of the oil and gas bonds and have a self insured oil state so alaskans can prosper !
stop bad rules like the c - plan ! !
this lock could be unlocked if the people and the leaders can get past these two groups oil haters and big oil market control .
not one alaskan or smaller oil competitors has ever found oil and old it for a profit !
can the 2017 legislative session stop these two from stop pricing the smaller oil and gas   competitors out of alaska ?
i graduated from university high in irvine in the mid 7 0 i think the last time it was mostly white was maybe in the mid < number > or so all the vc got moved into garden grove and now almost all of oc is beaners and slopes
infrastructure is required to get energy from the ground to the socket the wetback vag whose < number > day old bridge collapsed in miami last week might be building power lines next
looking to exchange nudes with anybody .
m / f / etc snap : tyroned396
the key item in this proposal is cutting taxes for wealthy donors whose greed is limitless and moral depravity bottomless .
because beaner murder rate is always 5 x whites
ok i get it the chinks are innocent now shut up lol
bitch u retarded
yeah , but back in the day there were n't that many millions nigs and wetbacks .
you failed to answer john 's question .
from this letter : 

 " the school is pitzer college .
its president , while condemning “ hate ” speech from outsiders in the wake of the “ hoops ” rant , did not hold his students accountable for their own racist hate messages which sparked the public outrage . "
he did nothing .
that is acquiescence in racist speech and appears to be only because the racists are hispanic .
is it fine for an hispanic woman to make racist comments about white women ?
is it fine for woman hispanics to make racist comments about black , asian , muslim , or any other ' race ' of women just because they are hispanic speakers ?
when you answer those two questions , i will then know your values regarding ' racist speech ' .
i answer both of those questions totally and unequivocally " no ! "
omg !
i have n't seen so many sluts in one place at the same time !
🍬 sex dating ➡ url 🔱 url
america needs more mass shootings .
that whole country should burn to the ground .
" what trump offers his followers are not economic remedies — his proposals change daily .
what he offers is an attitude , an aura of crude strength and machismo , a boasting disrespect for the niceties of the democratic culture that he claims , and his followers believe , has produced national weakness and incompetence .
his incoherent and contradictory utterances have one thing in common : they provoke and play on feelings of resentment and disdain , intermingled with bits of fear , hatred and anger .
his public discourse consists of attacking or ridiculing a wide range of “ others ” — muslims , hispanics , women , chinese , mexicans , europeans , arabs , immigrants , refugees — whom he depicts either as threats or as objects of derision .
his program , such as it is , consists chiefly of promises to get tough with foreigners and people of nonwhite complexion .
he will deport them , bar them , get them to knuckle under , make them pay up or make them shut up . "
kathleen parker is 100 % correct .
a whiteface shot and no riots in the street ?
i will tell you why .
most white people have the intelligence   that tells them not to riot , burn , protest , parade etc .
this info just out in today 's , 12.30.16 ,   rg paper .
in this country for 2016 .
imprisonment rates for whites ( 312 per 100,000 , unchanged over last year ) .
blacks ( 1,745 per 100,000 , down 4 % over last year ) , latinos ( 820 per 100,000 , down 5 % over last year ) .
what does the general public not understand   about black   people committing a majority   of the crimes .
motley , would love your comment ..............
adoption by gay parents is not allowed .
trans people being judged by other folks on their own self assertion and needing to be certified .
gay relationships not solemnised .
same and equal benefits for non cis folks and non straight couples .
ors , 
  trumpet 's bootlicking putin is not what most patriots would label as " standing up for our country " .
putin ate trumpet 's lunch   and beautiful chocolate cake too .
like placing a bunch of muslim refugees in one area to gain political control ?
look at which party wants their cake and to eat it too .
hint : it 's not the democrats .
we know that we have to pay for what we want , not just for ourselves but for our country . "
do unto others ... "
@gaywonk @youtube shut your faggot beaner ass up
< user > we learned our lesson the first yr the demanazis courts will not happen again
it seems to me that as a manager of these 10 types , you would be spending excessive amounts of your time providing them with special treatments to deal with their various eccentricities .
imagine being able to give only one project at a time to the person who 's not organized .
and what about those who do n't fit into any of these categories , presumably the conscientious , hard - working individuals ?
when would you find time to advise and manage them ?
the book is poppycock !
these people are pathetic .
it 's an insult to the women who legitiemtly suffer in those countries to even suggest it 's close in america .
let 's fight .
you 'll see that this shit is your superior you fucking virgin bitch
he should be forced to resign , what an irresponsible tweet that threatens the lives of hundreds of thousands of lebanese families that left the country because of his corruption .
what a shame .
talk about an inside baseball opinion .
we have the least diverse media in the world , diverse meaning diversity of opinion .
most of our media outlets simply read the latest government announcement and are aligned with the liberal party .
the cbc is the prime example but the private broadcasters are n't much better .
the national post might be the exception .
the us has a much more diverse media .
the problem is many people only consume media that they agree with .
in the information age , people tend to only follow anything they agree with .
we should somehow challenge people to consume media and information from many sources with different slates then build their own opinion .
what they try to do is move in her hair of not being washed and wanting to rape in touch in thought of when we touch as father and daughter
@freetobe66 @michaelbeatty3 @1romans58 @realdonaldtrump i will be damned if my federal tax dollars will be used to give scum sucking illegals free health insurance .
they should be terminated at the border
temp:14.0 ° c wind:3.1 mph n light air .
pressure:1007.6 hpa falling autoforecast : fairly fine , showery later
@hunterdrewtfa whether you believe that the sole purpose of existence is procreation or you believe it is simply the most fulfilling thing a person can do , it seems to make some sense for it to be done by a feminine woman and a masculine man .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > i know it not right i know < number > months is retarded and it does not matter what i say activision is still gon na do what they want and if that wasn t the case then they would have stopped years ago
i want my flying car instead of a nation full of beaners
oil fields decline by about 5 percent a year on average .
it takes a lot of investment to maintain current production .
three years of low prices has already pushed future investment requirements .
and electricity is still mainly produced by coal and natural gas .
coal happens to be a lot dirtier than oil .
cars may be electric in 7 years .
what about aircrafts , ships , etc ?
there is no electric substitute there .
i guess it 's official then , nothing on this planet is k - proof ...
there can been a sharp increase in black on black violence mostly due to the increased ten suicide rates ..
charles wohlforth why do n't you apply for a job at the huffington post .
they run a continuing trump slam site for hillary .
i think you would fit right in .
you do n't have to be so negative , you know .
trump has n't a chance .
his move to the policy of protecting the interests of native - born or established inhabitants against those of immigrants has trumped his political ambition .
the blacks and hispanics are voting in mass for hillary .
so unless the white race votes in mass for trump it is very unlikely he can win .
this election is all about race for the blacks and hispanics .
so unless the whites are as racist as the blacks and hispanics trump is doomed .
i do n't think whites are racist enough to elect trump .
do n't we have any self - respect anymore ?
how many presidents of the usa attended schools that were air - conditioned ?
man , if we had a total ban on slavery then people would still be trafficked .
no sense in doing that either .
" @hexsorceress " " you like meatballs ?
i have two you can eat . " "
|| : sorry !
i had too ! ! & #
128514 ; too lazy to say it on roy . "
corporate welfare has almost the same mentality   but they can afford to crap on gold rim toilets and let the mexican or asian maids clean it up .
the only difference is wealth vs. indigent .
what kind of retard would put mooslem women and honor in the same sentence and anyone can see where their head is at by using the word keep women hell i do not even keep my cat and no westerner ever forced plastic surgery on me a fucking islam apologist wrote that shit
@trippy_spiffy ayyyyyyeeeeee my nigga back in the bitch
poc / minority nazis deserve to be tortured to death , not shot in the head like a regular white nazi .
url
shut your mouth tranny
< user > i have worshipped her since i have memory bc it is my job as a queer
i wonder how any times this same video was posted on this thread .
what 's a mexicans favourite sport ?
cross country
the democrats are inviting more homeless illegal people to cross the border while they complain it 's not enough money and housing while these illegals are jumping the line for affordable housing while some americans have been waiting for years .
seems like all illegals do is break laws and jump lines .
yes , general kelly should not have said anything without checking the record of what actually occurred .
had he done so , i believe he still would have blasted congresswoman wilson for grand - standing by bragging about her role in naming the building .
there were many instances during my military and civilian careers when i immediately prepared very strong responses to various issues , but i learned early on it was best to remove the emotion by sitting on them overnight .
it helped in " toning down " my comments , ensuring they were accurate and kept me from getting fired .
i do not understand why people argue here you know the enemy you do not need to explain it you do not have to debate them the enemy are kikes niggers and muzzos deal with these shit stains first then deal with the race traitors
i hate you
pti must take karachittes out on roads to kick out these inhuman pieces of gutter shit .
url
* top not too .
q. what do you call mexican firefighters josa and josb
who else wants to beat the shit out of this wetback bitch
when the beaner army rushes the border will trump have the stomach to order troops to fire on them
oh look ..... another day , another liberal tax proposal .
you look like you jack off to pictures of chris kyle .
< user > rodrigue i m disappointed in you son felix yeah fuck you too astra crits
so he means to incite violence to a user when he says bring it
i hope you burn in the sun until you 're a tiny faggot piece of bacon
allie likes her own posts all the time
easy fix exterminate < number > 3 billion niggers spics and sand niggers along with a few million libtardassians
" get real / realistic , we / the world do n't really need the americans for anything .
lets act that way . "
sure .
why with the us out of the global picture we can all rely on peace loving human rights respecting china to deal with the world in a perfectly reasonable way .
maybe we can even increase our current trade deficit with china from $ 46b / year to $ 246b / year .
that would be swell !
solly , i think that many in east europe would disagree with the " few strings attached " story after about 45 years of russian - driven dictatorships .
implying i give a fuck about beaners and commies in california with whom it impossible to share a system of government with
well when i was in the air force they thought i was a dyke plumber bitch so there ya go opinions are like assholes
an irishman a mexican and a scotsman are at the top of a magic slide .
when they 're going down the slide the say something and a pool of it will be waiting for them at the bottom .
so the scotsman yells " whiskey ! "
and slides down the slide .
the mexican says " tequila ! "
and slides down the slide .
their wishes came true !
so the irishman walks up to the slide .
he slips , as he slips he lands headfirst on the slide and screams " shit " .
" rt @nervousrocket : i like bees , but not like , " " look at me , i 'm going to marry this fucking beehive . " " "
i would prefer that members of the armed forces visit the white house rather than sports teams .
they are truly champions , not these snowflakes .
" a backhanded compliment is a veiled insult . "
thank you for the petty nitpicking when it is clear you understood the message .
" your adding the word transparency does n't make it relevant " 
 who died and made you boss on what is and is not relevant in another person 's opinions about the government ?
" they are not welcome to misrepresent the executive branch . "
do you have any examples of a department " mirspresenting " the executive branch ?
it seems your concept of " american " might also include presumed guilty until proven innocent .
does the potential that they might misrepresent something mean my concerns about the government becoming less transparent is not as valid or justified ?
my dumbass fell asleep and now it 's midnight and i have nt studied for two tests that i have later i hate myself
the only negro i d shed a tear for
nay i 'm not against sex and sexuality .
i 'm for people doing what makes them happy ( and does n't harm others ) .
my rarely having sex is what makes me happy .
if only there were a president with the balls to deport this spic idiot
this statement is one of the oft repeated lies on this site why because it rightly shines a spotlight on the impact of street and ghetto crime on society while ignoring the far greater impact of corruption and white collar crimes sure no bullet is fired in those < number >
i had the same realization of the left and right in high school , eventually the extreme left and right parties will join together over a petty fear .
so far the petty fear has been black people , arabic people , hispanic people and soon white people , specifically elitist white people , which includes both trump and hillary .
already defeated by extreme left and right includes cruz , kasich , carlson , bush , and mccain .
i 'm good with whatever your man does in the way of taking federal money away from alaska .
i 'm sick and tired of conservatives complaining and whining about how horrible the feds are out of one side of their mouths , while whining and begging for federal   handouts out of the other side .
they demand federal money then bash the government that gives it to them .
they constantly campaign on getting rid of any federal " say "   in alaska .
well , this time they 'll be more likely get their wish .
the feds do n't seem all that interested in keeping alaska happy .
sad .
just as ridiculous are people who are on medicare and social security who complain about the federal government running " entitlement programs " then screaming at that same government " stay away from my medicare and social security benefits ! "
and since alaska voted for trump , it seems particularly fitting that the people who did so get what they asked for .
divert migrants to latin america ... 
 excellent , they will enjoy living in amazon rainforest .
why do so many filthy wetback half - breed spic savages live in # losangeles ?
none of them have any right at all to be here .
right .
it 's called ' latina pro imbecilibus ' ( latin for dummies ) .
so just pray for me
@drukrishnan @rajpc1 @sethamandel @edwhelaneppc no worries .
legal writing is hard when relaying facts .
how many dif … https://t.co/jnvgmxxhkp
seek help my dear friend , i 'm sorry for whatever in life made you this way to be so dedicated to sucking a rapist 's dick .
your whore mother should 've disowned you years ago .
disgusting little racist with a messiah complex .
my theory : vanya being straight caused the apocalypse
mr. phillip , our government spends billions of dollars maintaining aboriginal communities .
where do you suppose that money comes from .... the government 's private money trees ?
a good chunk of it is royalties from resource sales .
the same resources that those pipelines carry .
there is no free lunch , mr. phillip .
calling someone an asshole is always subjective territory .
yes , it 's under his roof and it 's his rules , but sexually repressing your soon - to - be adult daughter is just straight up being an asshole .
the obsession with keeping daughters from having sex is a pervasive mentality that needs to die .
if you disrespect the country you go to for a better life , you are a parasitical hypocrite .
trump should try to impeach the wetback jew justices who performed gay marriages but did not recuse themselves from the gay marriage ruling
i miss you , you racist cocksucker .
how is your 3rd world shithole city shaping up for baseball and football season ?
are you excited to see them follow the example of your shithole country ?
inbred bitch .
not sure what his attorney do n't understand but it seems a muslim ban wo n't work .
the key ... muslim ban ...
you will have many who do not agree with you .
i think we can do a great deal to reduce abortions by promoting contraceptives .
in fact , that is the optimal solution to the problem .
to do that , we need to have mandates that all health insurance includes contraceptives .
that includes health insurance of religious employers or service providers such as hospitals , universities , charities - you know , the little sisters of the poor types .
they should not have the right to a religious freedom that denies the same right to their employees - the employer should not be empowered to require or coerce an employee to live by faith rules the employee does not accept .
i also think that if " defense of the life of the fetus is a true value " , then there should be universal free health care for pregnant women and food / clothing / shelter for the woman while her body bears that fetal life .
the real trick is to figure out how to value the woman as an agent of her own life and the fetus .
i member when clinton said … you could put half of trump supporters into what i call the basket of deplorables the racist sexist homophobic xenophobic islamaphobic you name it and now trump supporters are all white supremacist nazis and trump is hitler reincarnated fud
" do n't tell someone you " " love " " that your waiting for them to be great , instead encourage and help them to be . "
so is woman of color a royal title now ?
fuck you fuck you you stupid cheating bitch go lick a dick and die ur a stupid nigger bitch
the real # wrestlemania streak that ended tonight was @therock 's 6 straight mania appearances . #
busybusy
non whites hate white people plain and simple .
they are taught from birth that white people are the cause of all the problems in the world and every bad thing that happens is because of evil racist white people .
a jew , a mexican and a black guy walk into the bar .
< repeat > the bartender pulls out his gun and says " get the fuck outta here "
saying rap music is ghetto culture and liking a tweet that factually states that gays can not reproduce is racism and homophobia 😂 😂 these snowflakes need jobs and families so they can learn what real work and real life is all about and stop creating drama where there is none
< user > but like starting your tweet with this white bitch with an excuse of curly hair like what good curly hair what the context wha
its sunday !
round these vermin up and deport them to the middle of the atlantic ocean .
that way they wo n't be back .
in portland we have had alotta businesses have to put up walls where doors once were to combat chronic shoplifting which increased as the liberals spread their foodstamp ghetto culture here in the hopes of making everything all better
< user > i could not quit laughing at it yesterday white cucks out in their bass boats risking their lives to save the niggers and mexicans seriously fuck those cucks fuck the brown people and fuck all the non texans who have moved in there oh and fuck the nigger mayor
" what trump offers his followers are not economic remedies — his proposals change daily .
what he offers is an attitude , an aura of crude strength and machismo , a boasting disrespect for the niceties of the democratic culture that he claims , and his followers believe , has produced national weakness and incompetence .
his incoherent and contradictory utterances have one thing in common : they provoke and play on feelings of resentment and disdain , intermingled with bits of fear , hatred and anger .
his public discourse consists of attacking or ridiculing a wide range of “ others ” — muslims , hispanics , women , chinese , mexicans , europeans , arabs , immigrants , refugees — whom he depicts either as threats or as objects of derision .
his program , such as it is , consists chiefly of promises to get tough with foreigners and people of nonwhite complexion .
he will deport them , bar them , get them to knuckle under , make them pay up or make them shut up . "
kathleen parker is 100 % correct .
americans so naïve .
these 4 stupid idiots have infiltrated our congress and are out to spread their radical , socialist , communist , anti jews policies .
omar is a terrorist sympathizer and god forbids will one day hurt americans again .
aoc wants dhs and ice out , how american can that be .. you want your fellow americans to be out of job in favor of these law breaking illegals .
just imagine someone claiming a loss after selling half of the fish they bought .
how does one lose with a 6000 percent profit ?
" tf maggie ?
you did not just tell mer she did n't care about her mom because she put her to " " rest " " in a scrub in sink in or2 ... "
looks like twitter keeping my shit fuck jack retweet to help a nigga out
as a conservative i thought that many accusations against obama were unfounded .
but now he is protecting isis in libya .
beyond belief !
islam
in the current saga of feminism cannibalizing itself where black and mestiza women are attacking white women one complaint is that more attention wasn t given to a retarded film called mudbound lmao white women we welcome you to join the alt right whitefeminism
liberal logic illegal alien kills kate steinle conservatives upset over acquittal ergo conservatives hate immigrants conservative logic illegal alien kills kate steinle knows there is a difference between legal illegal immigrants ergo liberals are shameless liars
so if the ghetto clans and angry dumb fems so come over with there muslum terrorist buddies that are equally great appearetly for whatever reason will this site cater to them because they do love a good upsetting it like a happening for them except is it different
lemon juice brain is an abomination - embarrassment to all real journalists , gays and anyone with an once of integrity .
shame on him
africans mexicans do not like the homos put up billboards in the ghetto barrio tying dems to gays i d like to see what happens next
harper tried that and failed .
in doing so , he accrued a record new debt .
.
why is that ?
.
could it be that canadians demand the services that public servants supply ?
you make it sound like you could cut half of government and not feel the pain , yet the harper majority tried and failed .
you forgot - it 's a dog race .
trump makes them strip off their masks but is this a case of trump pushing them to the left on they are simply of the left controlled opposition bill c said the same things as trump about immigration but the only wetback he wanted deported was elian gonzales
if you disrespect the country you go to for a better life , you are a parasitical hypocrite .
team hick stands tall for all , especially this nation 's powerful , loving , unstoppable lgbtq community .
happy # pride month .
url
akilah now that is some dindu stereotypical shit right there akilah white muhfugga akilah taco when i be hungree akilah welfare check in a minute bitchez
true christian racism
@sevancruz you re literally mentally retarted you fucking light spic
if a wall stopped just < number > of those future illegal line jumping crossings … it would pay for itself in fiscal savings from welfare public education refundable tax credits and other benefits currently given to low income illegal immigrants from mexico and central america sperry wrote
millions of brown retards coming in .
that should help .
rt @hotwata : & # 8220;@vsamone : tom ford probably fucking all these hoes&#8221 ; he probably would be if he was n't a homosexual
well if you can come from the ghetto become a billionaire or come from another country e a muslim become president of the usa where the oppression
< user > other wise all the immigrants would have been banned finally 🇧 🇩 took advantage
the current president is a birther who tried to overthrow the last president with his birtherism lie .
arpaio is a birther also .
imagine that !
the current president broke the law in order to commit illegal anti - black housing discrimination .
arpaio broke the law to continue illegally racially profiling latinos .
imagine that !
the current president pretends to be a " law and order " guy .
unless the law does n't favor him .
same with arpaio .
imagine that !
the current president cut off his own cerebral palsy - suffering nephew 's health care to spite his sister in law .
arpaio was known to spitefully harass and jail his critics .
imagine that !
trump and arpaio : two spiteful racist lying birther criminals .
are n't " latino whites " overwhelmingly catholic ?
that 's the agenda with illegal immigration , to expand the territory because they 've overpopulated latin america - and because previous rounds of catholic immigration want to validate themselves with more of the same .
they are seeking to take advantage of the declining fertility rates in the us ( the declining fertility rates in the us that are below 1.0 are though to be just a developmental stage ) .
the " latin " in " latino " actually refers to the language of the catholic church .
ultimately a cis gay man ( like me for the record ) is going to have very different needs and issues from a transwoman .
the umbrella is great and all , but at this point is it really super helpful ?
love my straight trans brothers and sisters but it would be cool if their movement got the funding and attention ours does and they could have their * own * thing .
hello everyone i am a freedom lover love god family and america i am white and will not allow anti american people of color destroy my country nor infiltrate my government
no but mestizo spic sure is
mr. phillip , our government spends billions of dollars maintaining aboriginal communities .
where do you suppose that money comes from .... the government 's private money trees ?
a good chunk of it is royalties from resource sales .
the same resources that those pipelines carry .
there is no free lunch , mr. phillip .
got the feeling yeh will just be a yes mouth piece for others on the council & ruiz .
not really seeing the experience in her background that was displayed by other persons that exhibited interest in the position in yeh 's background .
sorry to say , but not really expecting great things from our newest ne council person .
would be nice to know who the good friends were in prompting her to show an interest in the position and what their interest is in having her assume the seat .
would be nice to hear from the other council members on their explanation on why they felt it necessary to break from tradition on the appointment .
i do n't think anyone is really expecting them to explain themselves , not like they really feel the need to answer to anyone now .
once again , not overly impressed by our elected officials .
& # 127932;kiss the moon goodbye but do n't close your eyes your eyes it 's the end of the night but the beginning of time for you and i&#127932 ;
@jamesherdmanxd @jtmasterjedi @pho_fun @piratekingken it 's also discrimination !
saying something harmful that is targeted at someone whether it 's for their race , gender , disablity , religion , etc is discrimination
food stamps are n't only for mexicans .
it 's not the coffee that lost me to tims , it 's the poor food quality and service inside the place that turned me off .
i found a very good independent place and tim 's is fast becoming a distant memory
uhhh any group of shitheads no matter nationality have done something similar
is that some american insult cancer is a bitch and i am collecting you are a fucking twat with rotting baby teeth
you 're too white - washed to speak spanish .
stop it .
either she lyin or it was a dyke that did it 🥴 😂 😂 😂 url
< user > i am bi so i get the gay pass
ohhh yeah kids would love to play with that pffft hahaha
so in 1960 america was 85 % white ...... what idiot would n't like this ?
just imagine if our nation was wide awake and all americans red pilled united we would become a mighty supernatural force that our founding fathers , abraham lincoln , and jfk all wanted us to be # unleashthegreatawakening
what is the difference between sweden and finland ?
sweden is gay
falconnewsreel about time , deport them all and build the wall !
demonrats want to give free health care to illegal immigrants but do n't want to count them ?
seriously , how do you budget free healthcare ?
democrats are f$&king morons !
black racist gay lives matter to the obuma 's & whoopi weaveberg
blocking bitches today
there a distinction between refugee and illegal migrant a refugee is a victim of persecution illegal migrants are not victims of persecution nrc will identify the illegal migrants citizenship act wd give refugees a new life my request to < user > add ahmadis
black ppl who went to all white schools become annoying ass adults 😂 😂 😂 😂
this is precisely why i call women dicks and men bitches , just to cover my bases .
chapotraphouse faggot
i am so sick of apologizing for being white .
< user > we do not want illegal muslim immigrants so what wrong in that he has been elected for it
yeah that what they released today and got maybe < number > seconds of reporting on it with retarded arrogance to quickly sweeping it under the rug with the gates thing because it involves pedoesta
has there ever been another time in history when a political party attacked its own president ?
i 'm just thinking about how fucked up i m finna be this weekend
and all the muzzies in the world combined
it ’ honestly so cute that some non muslim countries are allowing the call to prayer in ramadan
idk which culture they are from , but i am indian .
i was born in the us but i fully expect to significantly support my parents in their old age
slick willie had the luxury of being potus before the internet .
back then , publications needed circulation if any scandal could emerge .
his seduction tactic was a live version of weiner 's selfie .
then a woman 's word only went so far , now with social media , the blogosphere , and smartphones that pre - internet world is done .
anyone who starts a tweet with the word " ladies " can fuck right off !
url
if this what " waiting " on a nigga in jail feel like ion want no parts .
boy fuck you , mama got ta have a life too 😂
get them out of our country !
send them back to mexico !
a man in charge of an organization that is so hated like the kkk should have been more careful .
there is a differance between waiting for you love and ignore the rest and waiting while you have fun with others .
trump accuses sessions of being very " weak " on going after hilary clinton ?
huh ?
his hypocrisy knows no bounds .
it is always amazing how easily he contradicts himself with no seeming memory of what he has done or said before .
from a news story of nov. 22 , 2016 : " but now that he actually will be president , trump says he wo n't recommend prosecution of clinton , who he told new york times reporters has " suffered greatly . "
what 's more , he said the idea of prosecuting clinton is " just not something i feel very strongly about . "
these 4 women are hate mongers and racists , they are actually bullying the dems .
members , they are scared of them , these women need to be spanked !
maga
if nick the spic is white than i am a nigger jew
being able to put someone else 's happiness before yours ... that speaks loudly .
that 's love ; in the most pure , beautiful and painful way ...
congrats @gadget_helpline your blog has been selected as one of the top 65 gadget blogs on the web by @_feedspot https://t.co/y1xqtmx4d7
in texas fashion , i referenced someone as a hoe and she called me a nigger ... like damn ... it was n't that serious .
what 's the difference between my mexican slaves and my new lawnmover i give my lawnmower water if it starts overheating on my lawn .
thomas fire : 

 total acreage : 259,000 containment : 40 % 

 firefighter injuries : 0 civilian injuries : 0 firefighter fatalities : 1
sure , why not ?
it 's not like congress has anything important to do after all .
( sarcasm )
liberal logic illegal alien kills kate steinle conservatives upset over acquittal ergo conservatives hate immigrants conservative logic illegal alien kills kate steinle knows there is a difference between legal illegal immigrants ergo liberals are shameless liars
" " " the ingredients of health and long life , are great temperance , open air , easy labor , and little care . " "
sir philip sidney "
reagan tax cuts exploded growth .
obama 's liberal policies destroyed growth .
facts are stubborn things .
look at venezuela if you want to see how socialism ends
ooooooookay .
that 's just your opinion .
facts are what matters .
if what you wrote were true , obama would have been impeached well before this point in trumps presidency .
popeyes on kedzie is the fucking worse , i hate they ass
heightcels surgery exists that can make u taller 
 you can be 6”4 like you always dreamed of
hiring : someone to stand behind me shouting yessuh , goddamn right , and money whenever i 'm talking like the brain - damaged uncle in s - town .
if one considers those laws unjust and therefore somehow ignorable it makes sense they truly believe that inside every spic there an american trying to get out
my logic is sound .
the above are numbers from our government , ie facts .
our province is going to extract billions of dollars for something that wo n't have any measurable effect .
so it sounds to me that you want to tax everybody so you feel better , as opposed to looking at the data and seeing that this clearly a boondoggle .
congress ' break may not last very long .
in the wake of james comey 's abrupt termination , congress may soon be called back to deal with what hawaii senator brian schatz described as a " full - fledged constitutional crisis . "
now that trump 's over - built house of cards is starting to collapse , impeachment proceedings may soon follow , as happened shortly after nixon 's termination of archibald cox , and that will overshadow all talk of health care reform .
if that 's the case , the aca will stand , at least for the time being .
that is just as well since congress has the more important task of dealing with a corrupt president who colluded with a hostile foreign government in order to get himself elected .
poc / minority nazis deserve to be tortured to death , not shot in the head like a regular white nazi .
url
< user > white people stole the land so you ’ re an immigrant
what 's the difference between a fighter jet and a pregnant woman ?
one has an eject button and the other does not .
people call fuentes a spic but do not care paul nehlen is married to a full blood beaner
on hiatus .
this youtube video playlist and my last retweet of @anti_fembot which should be below are for those interested in gender and sex issues , men 's rights movement , feminism , anti - feminism , etc . ,
etc .
url
" up to 80 % of gun homicides in this country are gang related , either black on black ( 55 % ) , or hispanic on hispanic , and occur in the inner cities . "
that 's the point .
if there were n't so many guns on the street , there would be fewer gun homicides .
" deaths from mass shootings are such a small percentage of the total , they 're almost irrelevant . "
they 're not irrelevant to the friends and family of the 59 people killed and 500 + wounded in las vegas .
best , 

 rtd
nonsense .
sound investments in multiple areas , including skin in the game on the ford announcement yesterday , and the transit infrastructure announcement today .
deny , deny , deny .
it 's what the extremist right does , and yet without any evidence to support their case .
typical .
sad , but typical .
@_elibaum ah just romance , as in " a romance as ans other romance " , yes that would be the ultimate goal !
cause love .
is .
love !
on another level one could always define the term bl or queer literature on different levels .
one could see it as a historically cultural social term ...
stop having sex with women who do n't take you out on a date .. you deserve more bro
go back to chapo fag house
the women of my grammas generation were pretty cool too my gramma punched a pregnant spic in the belly at a motley crew show in the < number > 🤔
typical redneck threats .
i live in the interior , and i can tell you that more people support the abandonment of km than support it .
it will bring nothing to the interior except a few contracts cleaning up the garbage that albertan contractors love to throw in our lakes and streams .
the first practical order of business in the interior is to make albertans understand that they are not welcome in bc .
watch for it .
mean joke .
< repeat > kinda the us president , the mexican president , and the japanese prime minister are on a plane .
it begins to lose altitude due to all its cargo .
the three men decide to throw things they do n't need .
the japanese prime minister throws off all of the sushi and says , " we have too much of these in our country " .
the mexican president throws all of the churros off the plane and says , " we have too many of these in our country " .
next , the us president picks up the mexican president and chucks him off the plane and says , " we have too many of these in our country " .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > if your interpretation of a strong black man means you who follows white supremacy never read the malcolm x book thinking he about that life i think rosa would probably turn lesbian than to have a failing man
that was the idea unite the minorities against the white edifice chip away with a thousand cuts it why so many minorities idolize act like ghetto thugs now no one wants to be caught on the side of whites because they think we will be defeated someday
maybe it will plow the roads .
religion has nothing to do with it .
it 's all about staying alive , in that i prefer to .
if you want to call defending one 's self a cult , you have the right to that opinion , but that 's not going to stop me from exercising my right to defend myself .
nor will uaa .
as soon as i get a little smarter , i 'll figure out how to attach pics if this one did n't work .
this is one trippy person .
i am afraid of what these sick people are capable of .
i have already heard some very disturbing things .
we should be very concerned .
i do n't believe her prayers are of a christian heart .
she throws curses .
the tone of voice is actually a lot like icelandic or old norse .
< user > fancy meeting you here brother twitter shoah d me too did you get back on yet i am thinking of spending a little time here in the gab ghetto before i go back
i 'm a jew in nj that keeps at least a version of kosher , so i 'm with the other states .
we can all preach until we 're all blue in the face about politics and it 's not going to change the fact or outcomes that lays ahead for us all
this veggie pizza burger taste fucking amazinggggggg
sasha has taken one for the team & # 128557 ; but that zombie walker scene of her was magic .
i approve of that ! #
thewalkingdeaduk
diversity is just a code word for " less white people" .... lets be fucking real here 😆 url
deadass moved to biz to get away from ghetto ass natives who steal from me damn i must be that fucking cool for people to steal my shit 🤣 🤣
they were in melbourne for two fucking days while i was in school i am still mad
french start backing marine for french president as she says she will stop islam take france out of eu poll lead jump
when will the usa government be convicted for all their atrocities they have committed to humanity .
slavery , trail of tears , segregation , work camps , death of an entire native population , invasion of iraq , millions of innocent people incarcerated , dea working with the cartel , etc .
🤬 😩 😩
why do n't you confront me with your asinine accusations , directly to my face ?
my real name is at the top of my posts , my name is in the phone book .
if you 're going to slime me , why do n't you get together with motley and latinos for trump , and i 'll meet you at any public accommodation to talk our differences over ?
real names , of course .
how about it , dogs ?
but , i suspect that you and latinos prefer to hide behind anonymity when you sling your slime .
you seen how many old stormer accounts have been banned i got a warning for defending paul nehlen against based spic maga hat burger nationalists
i am in redneck country right now and the decorations are a whole lot better than that tbh
racial profiling , disgusting tbh
maxwell is a stupid nigger who will never get blacks to vote republican in meaningful numbers before the spics already demographically take over the country
sorry , beautiful .
wakefield was found guilty of gross professional misconduct , including multiple counts of falsifying data , omitting data , accepting covert payments , and dishonestly and irresponsibly failing to disclose pertinent study information .
consequently , wakefield was the subject of a ' fitness to practice ' hearing of the uk general medical council which examined three dozen charges proved ( including multiple counts of falsifying data ) .
as a result of a finding of guilt   he was ' struck off ' the medical register and is barred from practising as a physician in the uk , and is not licensed in the us where he now resides .
considering all the damage he has done , it is a shame that he was n't charged for criminal fraud , incarcerated , and sued into penury .
as a result , he is free to pursue his perverse influence on dimwitted anti - vaxxers who refuse to recognize the obvious truth about mr. wakefield 's history of professional misconduct .
seeing dexter fowler in a cardinals uniform is like what i imagine seeing @alexjade_4 with another guy would be like .
i 'd be quite happy if religion disappeared - fucking bullshit .
< user > but like starting your tweet with this white bitch with an excuse of curly hair like what good curly hair what the context wha
@castro4congress @billmillerbarbq @historicpearl this is the kind of shit the nazis were pulling on the jews in germany before they decided to , " take action and eliminate the problem " .
its straight out of the book .
little faggot
< user > those people who are simply seeking a better life are responsible for making life of the people of host country hell most muslim illegal immigrants are responsible for law and order situation and terrorism < user > is doing a brilliant job
we should celebrate 4/20 it ’s the day that the man who killed hitler was born .
i just can not trust nobody that on some my aesthetic is preferred you are aesthetic is considered disgusting but promise i am just tryna help she needa be exiled faux niggers
jason donner‏ : 

 fbi deputy director andrew mccabe has now been meeting with the house intel committee behind closed doors for more than seven hours .
people of color is like lgbtq term that exists to try to make a coalition out of people who do not get along hispanics ethnically cleanse blacks asians are hurt by aa policies put in place for nams political lesbians hate trannies various do not trust bisexuals we can amplify these tensions
i wake , reluctant 
 too cold to get out of bed 
 but i have to pee
# ascendant / # mediumcoeli for baku , asb for now ( 07h58m02s ut ): 22 ° 05'26.0 '' # cancer ( ac ) / 04 ° 31'48.1 '' # aries ( mc )
me : : i 've been working a lot .
him : : that 's that mexican in you .
me : : i do n't really think that 's it .
i 've just been trying to save up .
i would n't say it 's part of my nature to want to work nor do i enjoy it .
him : : jeez i am 24 , female , mexican , middle class .
made me angry and stereotyped , and i unfriended him since he was merely an acquaintance .
< user > < user > illegal immigrant muslims hindu sikh jain buddhist christian and yazidi refugees should be granted asylum and citizenship muslims can and should seek refugee status in pakistan bangladesh and other islamic countries
how to pick up chicks how do you pick up a black chick ?
noose .
how do you pick up a mexican chick ?
border patrol .
how do you pick up a muslim chick ?
body bag .
how do you pick up a jewish chick ?
dustpan and brush .
how do you pick up white chicks ?
flunitrazepam .
asian nigga at the beginning a straight bitch boi lookin ass
nigga a dyke rt @2girls1richard : .. rt @_ayooteezy : melo garbage ass just now hitting 20k
as i commented a few days ago on this thread , massive race ( or ethnic ) mixing tends to preceed massive race ( or ethnic ) war .
i swear math teachers do n't let us use calculators because they are salty that they did n't have them .
among immigrants hispanics have the highest rate of non marital births at < number > percent which means that < number > percent of births to hispanic immigrants are to a mother who was unmarried at the time of the child birth buildthemotherfuckingwall
fuck brazil shithole ass place with shithole ass people .
after my wife died i could n't look at women for 20 years 
 but when i got out of prison , it was totally worth it .
- /u / ducksyndrome
per table 43 the probability of a black committing any type of crime : murder , rape , robbery , burglary , embezzlement , vehicle theft is much higher than any other ethnic group .
asians are the most law abiding .
no category for hispanics .
american indians commit crimes roughly in proportion to their numbers as a % of the population .
blacks , by far , are much more likely to commit a crime per table 43 .
shoot them at the border and they will stop ! !
effective and economical
you walk soto to face the man who hit a grand slam against the dodgers aj hinch are you fucking retarded
< user > < user > we need encouraging words this administration has made ameria one of the shithole countries please stop this insanity
in the past hour i have seen two leftists make two remarkably stupid claims anyone with access to google and five minutes could debunk a that houston is full of nazis so they deserve the storm b the level of violence nazis committed in the 2 0 th century was unprecedented
< user > you are not white bitch
the headline makes the oil sands seem like a sacred cow in alberta whose production can never be curtailed .
of course the oil sands will eventually be phased out .
market conditions will eventually make it uneconomical to operate .
when that happens , i hope there 's still money in the budget for proper remediation .
in fact , there may soon be a point where there is too much pipeline capacity   http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/rob-commentary/is-canada-setting-itself-up-for-a-pipeline-glut/article33603108/
respectfully gofastgo1 , i recently watched mr. burns vietnam documentary , especially since i no longer watch the nfl !
lol!~. what i truly enjoyed was the historical film footage itself , however the narrative confronted many issues that were present , but sadly they were defined by the narration that showed it 's bias .
i have a old 1800 's , 8 volume set of world history , given to me long ago after i got out of prison , by a old hungarian professor i came to know personally , he has long crossed over .
i read several passages years ago before boxing it up , as i have several books i delve into depending what i desire at the moment , and the light it cast on history is much different than what we see today .
mr. burns presenting the civil war today ( 30 years ago ) , or any other narrative , would also suffer the deration of time .
for it seems history when happening being recorded , the closer to the event itself , gives the best contrast of the era , as well as the event itself .
just my thought on it ...
@thehill the first pro - gay president .
saudi decision to allow women above 21 to travel without male guardian permission becomes official after amendments to travel documents and civil status regulations are published in the government gazette friday url
do n't twist the doorknob !
hee hee !
what do you call a mexican fighting a catholic priest ?
alien vs predator
actually i wrote this before motley corrected himself ..... it posted later .
i apologize to those who found my posting it offensive .
i was reacting to motley 's " incorrect correction " of the grammar in the article .
some posters , motley included , have a penchant for making rather petty criticisms of reporters ' writings .
when those unnecessary criticisms are incorrect , i do often comment on them .
it is a bit pedantic , i admit .
i do n't claim to be perfect , and ,   like all folks , i often find plesure in my imperfections .
best regards to you , xavier     gary crum
trading penis size for height 
 how much would you guys do i m 5 ft 7 and around 6.5 inch 

 i d go down to a 3.5 incher myself to become 5 ft 10
the shitlibs are clinging to a grain of truth when they bitch about corporate speech it just turns out that all the corporations promote degeneracy leftism anti whiteness etc etc too bad they can not make the connections
its common to for whites to love ethnics when they do n't know any as all they have seen is the pc image of them on tv .
here is a website that tracks his election promises - but don''t think it tracks his most recent promises .
all in all , lacklustre to say the least : 
 https://trudeaumetre.polimeter.org/
my logic is sound .
the above are numbers from our government , ie facts .
our province is going to extract billions of dollars for something that wo n't have any measurable effect .
so it sounds to me that you want to tax everybody so you feel better , as opposed to looking at the data and seeing that this clearly a boondoggle .
israelis want peace .
they gave up gaza for peace .
they got rockets and bombs .
if the arabs wanted peace they could have it tomorrow , but they do n't want it , because their religion does n't want it .
it wants genocide .
non - negotiable islamic jew hatred is the problem .
why is anna acting like she black 😊
does n't describe my dentist or family doctor , let alone my lawyer .
your description does n't fit my observations .
and my dentist and lawyer 's children are ... dentists and lawyers so ...
uninstalled 
 we can reboot beirut 
 defrag iraq 
 antivirus cyprus 
 fire wall the taj mahal 
 reinstall the great wall 
 fdisk the rest or it
< user > < user > get a load of this retard
the labeling of italians and irish as white when they were widely considered undesirables came about because of labor disputes during the labor rights movement .
it was a concession given to the irish and italians in order to divide the revolting working - class based on race and slow the labor movement .
" we mess around here so much and it takes us a long time to make a decision , ” sen. gary stevens said .
that about sums up the work ethic of our legislative losers who put their party and themselves above what 's right for alaskans .
spend money they do n't have and put it on the backs of the people .
and all the muzzies in the world combined
we can never have this as long as there are blacks jews spics muslims and asians
as usual doing the exact opposite of what he said during the campaign ; this is the worst thing he could do .
defense already gets at least .50 of every tax dollar .
we already spend more than all of nato , russia and china combined and still he says more ?
this nation will fall like all others that put all their energy into militarization , mind you we are not even at war , imagine if we had a real conflict like wwii .
we should have a small peace time military   and the budget to show it , we do not need a world wide military empire no other nation has one either .
< user > these hoes are strippers i ’ m done arguing with fleas lmao
you ca n't play with them - they do n't speak english .
richschlosser , 

 i am not claiming that wind and solar energy will meet all of our energy needs now or in the near future .
i 'm confident that fossil fuels will be used as long as i am around .
however , when it comes to the generation of electricity , renewables are now , in some locations , the cheapest and most environmentally attractive option .
clearly solar will not works as well in canada as in the atacama desert .
however , even in the oil and gas rich persian gulf solar is now the cheapest way to generate electricity and this was not the case before 2016 .
in the uae , saudi arabia and so on solar is being rolled out to power air conditioning water desalination and so on .
china reached peak coal in 2014 and is increasing the % of electrical power generated by renewables every year .
the world is changing , too quickly for some and too slowly for others .
i appreciate your points .. i am following sask power 's efforts with the boundary dam project closely .
get in line alaska .
the climate kool aid drinkers said it supposed to be warmer .
fuck my cock needs in that cunt hole
" i wish ur crack mom aborted you " well guess what my " crack mom " might have been on drugs but she was n't a killer .
what kind of women would abort 9 children ?
she could n't take care of me but someone else did .
i 'm glad she let us live even though people told her not to .
url
" allah is going to burn you in jahanaam ( hell ) for all eternity for your atheism "
my daughter started out into the dating world as bi .
however it lead to being gay .
i 'm so happy and proud of her she came out at 17 has never been afraid of it .
she has a wonderful girlfriend for 5 yrs and they are just perfect for each .
a totally adorable couple .
do n't worry about coming out , we 'll be here to lend a helping hand when you 're ready .
take your time little one , it can be a big scary world .
❤ ️ 🧡 💚 💛 💙 💜
this story takes me back to the summers i spent driving big rigs loaded with tomatoes .
one fine day the company radio was abuzz with a mini race war between the white and the hispanic truck drivers .
in fairness , we were working sixteen hour shifts with every eighth day off , so we were cranky .
finally , one hispanic driver said , " if we all left the us , you white people would starve because you 're too lazy to do the work required to feed yourselves . "
several white truckers clicked in and then clicked off without saying anything in response .
the truth of the statement was right in front of us in the fields we drove to and from .
we were exhausted from sitting in air - conditioned trucks while women and men of every age worked much , much harder for lower pay on the harvesters .
we deport the 11 million undocumented people at our peril .
lol , so killing people is the answer .
w / e , non - white counter - revolutionaries make up my family .
i 'm living proof of your ignorant bullshit .
yep it in the genes trashy diane shagging a raghead now her son hooked up with a mud time to abolish royals when qeii moves on they are such chavvy trailer trash prince harry
why would i beef with a broke nigga ?
that make me broke for beefing with your broke ass 🤔
@samus aran lol .
i was agreeing with you .
just being black seems to be all the credentials one needs anymore .
someone should tell them it does n't work .
< user > wow and if you took their masks off you would see how nerdy they all look there was a clip where they had their masks off i wish i could find it but they are nothing wussies hiding behind masks
that they wipe their ass with water and hands in burma
i think most republicans still support trump , but it must not be a very happy experience for them .
the republican party is in a way a fake party , cobbled together mostly by a common hatred of a black president but otherwise not able to work together .
their steadfast inability and unwillingness to appeal to latino voters will cause more and more problems for them going forward .
ken 's up to his repulsive trixies again ... could it be burke himself ?
he 's certainly got a lot of time on his hands now that francis is using another bishop as his intermediary with the kom !
< user > i saw < happy > thank you
see niggas they be mad and all these hoes go & # 128584 ;
since you live in colorado and have kid(s ) i would hope you purchase a yearly pass for $ 80 with the intent of taking your off spring to national parks more than once a year .
even four visits to a park each year makes that pass a bargain .
it is about the same as the just the ticket " service " fees on four seats to frozen .
and you do n't have to pay $ 20 to park in the parks .
interesting stuff i will not lie with all the current talk of some blacks wanting to re segregate it hard to argue against most people think a militia enforced instant segregation when they hear the term white nationalism and that enforcement with violence is what scares them
no apologies .
trump is a bigot in the eyes of most people .
he got his start in politics by claiming obama was illegitimate and a kenyan .
people already know he hates mexicans .
he got caught and fined for discriminating against black people by refusing to let them rent property .
and he did not blame the kkk in charlottesville for killing and maiming people .
trump would like to whitewash the truth .
but i consider him to be a bigot .
lets see i guess i 'll give this a thumbs down for taking criminals and killers off our streets .
wtf ?
it 's such a subtle expression of his faith while he such a tremendous display of what it actually means .
he will mention god , but it does n't seem forced or excessive .
instead , he will show you what it means to follow in the footsteps of jesus through his unceasing love and compassion .
that is how you spread the word and your faith .
i may not align with christianity or any religion and i do n't think religion is necessary to live a loving life .
but if religion is what brings people to that kind of life and fulfills them , then i can support that .
how do you stop racial bias ?
most of the time it 's in the eye of the beholder .
you stopped me because _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .
what does collecting data have to do with anything .
in the city of denver , the east side officers are going to have black stops , the west side hispanic , the south west - white .
i 'm not sure what collecting that will entail and prove ?
aurora is the same way , so is thornton , it 's called demographics .
unless the auditor thinks that only straight white men should be stopped , this is a waste of time and   just an attempt to triumph on recent events .
who has n't done that ?
not going to metallica concerts , but losing their car .
those car key tags that make the horn honk are the best invention since the cup holder .
< user > i could not quit laughing at it yesterday white cucks out in their bass boats risking their lives to save the niggers and mexicans seriously fuck those cucks fuck the brown people and fuck all the non texans who have moved in there oh and fuck the nigger mayor
@natmypresident the heteros are at it again
did molefe actually receive the " r30 million payout " ?
i was under the impression that this was stopped .
any help appreciated ...
< user > is it wrong that i d pay fairly decent money to see him being raped by a labrador 🤔 and if it is is it more wrong than < number > dead due to tory austerity 🤔
i am starting to think trump is our hitler and if you actually know what i mean when i say that you are smart if you think i m saying he literally hitler you are retarded and ca nt make out what i am saying
f you do n’t build your dream , someone else will hire you to help them build theirs .
dhirubhai ambani
the french have this fantasy : one they wake up and the whole world suddenly speaks french .
it ai n't gon na happen .
they think we are really gullible , the rest of canada .
` 
 1 ) forced to learn and speak french , both of which nobody does , just a waste of class time for students and money for rest of us .
2 ) pay for the french province to wallow along in a socialist daze .
` 
 let quebec separate , create their own country and leave the rest of us alone !
without white people in charge < number > america will become a ghetto shithole full of parasites on welfare and dope just like black and hispanic areas of < number > fact fuckjorgeramos gabfam
hell , if he had been white they would have thrown his ass in jail , suspended him from school , and it would have been all over cnn abc nbc and cbs .
that burrito place is good , but i do n't eat in because more than 5 minutes in that place & you smell like a mexican .
refugees welcome but no irish comedies have to be poorly written now so that mexicans and asians will get the jokes yeah you know what life is too short to listen to this radiohead album mpcstatusupdates
after finding out ariel is black , i half expected a hispanic mulan .
@dmvsnake @samisuave _ @laylayflames _ just remember when you blow a load you need a break i do n't need to blow loads to make her legs shake .
we do n't take breaks and then show me on the doll where the lesbian hurt you
just heard on the news he had an empty bottle of fireball in the truck , hard to believe people still drink and drive 😦
birds of afeather flock together .
a man in charge of an organization that is so hated like the kkk should have been more careful .
this is the first time i 've actually been able to listen to the artist i saw live after before i kind of got tired of them .. progress
that 's fukn stuck up as hell kd you the bitchest bitch ever .
go fuk yourself in brooklyn cupcake ass .
let 's thank this fantastic jokes day hitler 's birthday .
nice .
columbine massacre .
nice .
jokes about weed .
nice .
let 's thank 20/4
no , absolutely not .
the difference is the reason behind the speech .
we ca n't yell " fire ! "
in a crowded room , unless of course there is a fire .
part of the problem is that too many people ca n't express an opinion without going a bit too far .
do n't like a movie , okay , but some have to prove he movie is unlikable and make insulting comments about the actors .
i loved the original ghostbusters and wonder about the remake .
however , when i see it i may like it .
if i do n't , i wo n't take it personally or feel it necessary to make hate - filled comments .
one of the reasons i think donald trump is dangerous is that too many of his supporters feel empowered to apply hate labels to group historically discriminated against : women , blacks , latinos , asians , etc . ,
etc . ,
etc .
from this letter : 

 " the school is pitzer college .
its president , while condemning “ hate ” speech from outsiders in the wake of the “ hoops ” rant , did not hold his students accountable for their own racist hate messages which sparked the public outrage . "
he did nothing .
that is acquiescence in racist speech and appears to be only because the racists are hispanic .
is it fine for an hispanic woman to make racist comments about white women ?
is it fine for woman hispanics to make racist comments about black , asian , muslim , or any other ' race ' of women just because they are hispanic speakers ?
when you answer those two questions , i will then know your values regarding ' racist speech ' .
i answer both of those questions totally and unequivocally " no ! "
all the mainstream media in sweden is of course leftist communist spewing out lies and propaganda on a daily basis only retarded people believe in them nowadays
what happened to all of our autist posters 
 gambler / zyrros etc ... : , ( lol
omg !
you have to see this . #
bigolive & gt ; share 0/100 .
https://t.co/o12djgxfib https://t.co/alzbatv763
although i had heard of this link before , tonight was the first time i checked it out : new nation news - black - on - white crime it 's pretty much a site that mirrors this thread .
< user > i think a lot of people would care to know he said black women should be beaten and raped lots and lots and lots just needs to get out there
there are no proofs of the existence of god .
anyone who has ever taken ( and passed ) a metaphysics class could tell you that .
is it just me we let illegal immigrants out of american prison back into a city they entered illegally over 8 0 k we deport russian diplomats for their government possibly hacking into only dnc computers keep the criminals deport the scapegoats 🤔
i get this sinking feeling this year is going to be a wild ride
too many homos in the bible belt
they largely have moved this way .
most their plans now throttle the bandwidth when the cap is exceeded instead of charging for overages ... so you can keep internet'ing away but at slower speeds and without surprise charges .
and their data caps are pretty generous ; i 'm paying for a 100 mbps connection with 250 gb cap per month -- no way do i ever approach 250 gb per month , even with a lot of netflix streaming .
unlimited bandwidth is a bad idea and that 's why those plans have largely gone away -- it invites abuse .
1 - 2 % of the users end up using 90 - 95 % of the bandwidth and slowing things down for everybody .
[ x - post /r / getmotivated ] felt like it should belong here .
because shooters were gay and tranny
society is like a box of chocolates the white ones are the best
you are n't seriously claiming that blacks and hispanics are n't christians , are you ?
they probably do n't wear it on their sleeves as much because it would expose their hypocrisy , particularly with regard to abortion .
they 're democrats because the welfare system pays them to be , so they put their financial interests ahead of their religious beliefs .
you anti - christian democrats are a small minority in your party .
even the evangelicals in your party out - number you .
why is cocaine white ?
because it actually works .
looking for a white only female for friendship or more .must have strong moral background and a sound beleif in the white race.lets talk .
who cares go back to your country
good luck to all at this evening 's event .
this is a vitally important campaign that underlines the continued reality of anti - lgbt abuse and discrimination in ireland .
our burning issues 2 report revealed hate crime to be leading issue for lgbt community . #
callitout @gcnmag
< user > fancy meeting you here brother twitter shoah d me too did you get back on yet i am thinking of spending a little time here in the gab ghetto before i go back
men , what does being a man mean to you personally ?
the classification of marijuana as a schedule i drug was alw”ays bogus with no scientific justification .
marijuana criminalization was a racist act .
harry anslinger , commissioner of the federal bureau of narcotics stated :   “ there are 100,000 total marijuana smokers in the u.s. , and most are negroes , hispanics , filipinos and entertainers .
their satanic music , jazz and swing result from marijuana use .
this marijuana causes white women to seek sexual relations with negroes , entertainers and any others . ” “
reefer makes darkies think they ’re as good as white men .
i wish someone would do an extensive investigation of the correlation between the rise of diversity and the lowering of contributions of states to higher education .
i first went to college in the 1960 's , when the university of connecticut was pretty much all white .
after riots burned cities during those times , changes were made , and more and more black students were able to attend college .
yet the contribution offered by the state was reduced significantly .
i would guess almost all states would show a graph that indicates that as diversity increased , tax funding was reduced for public schools , but there was a significant rise in private funding for private schools .
racism in higher ed ?
hugh massengill , eugene
# bbnaija i see @payporte ceo sponsoring these top 5hms to start up their own bizness and make them prosper
coke white bitches
add another to the minority . ;-)
i 'd say yes , cd people can be under the transgender umbrella .
i say that as people can struggle with their gender and just because we 're not ' dressed up ' , it did n't mean the feelings around gender - and how it does n't quite feel right - go away .
i 'd rather have an umbrella term - like trans ( or transgender ) - that can include all of us .
i think there are so many outside the community who want to push us back into the shadows or drive us apart .
sometimes just the knowing is enough !
all these pro - bigotry people constantly whine about " special rights " , no , the laws protect all of us , whether we need it or not !
thanks i agree more repub mexicans blacks asians you get the picture
i want you goddamned boomer cucks to tell me how we are all the same and beaners are natural conservatives
nobody cares about third world brown people , , , they 're ruining europe and the us .
exactly !
lgbt representation is hard to do right but when it is you can tell and it 's just eeeeeeee .
thanks for being understanding though
“ i hope trump is assassinated ! ” -
maria chappelle - nadal
" asking & # 128102;&#127996 ; a few questions about his day and i get " " ohhhhh delana , delana , delana , you ask too many questions . " " & #
128580;&#128580;&#128580 ; "
when i was younger i used to think i 'd always be happy and never turn out like other people do .
but now i 'm just not who i used to be.&#128531;&#128531;&#128531 ;
this is why antifa protests , there 's literally 40 % of america ready to deport a non - white political opponent because the leader says so .
they do n't look at sources , they do n't listen to the other side , they do n't have empathy and they 're being pushed as far right as any western country in the last century .
and yet , people will still play the " both sides " card and pretend that sjw 's are a serious problem .
it 's beyond a joke .
" the president also questioned the sources of the media reporting on the story . "
ummm , that was your son , mr. potus , who handed over his emails .
your son is the source .
i think there is no denying that global temperatures are rising .
alaska is the perfect example of that by just looking at our glaciers .
that being said , the earth has cycles .
we have only been keeping accurate records for about 100 years .
the possibility of there being a cycle larger than 100 years is entirely possible .
we have no idea .
the real argument is whether or not global warming is man made and whether or not global warming is a naturally occurring cycle of the earth .
i for one believe the cycle of the earth is larger than we know and it is natures way of balancing things out .
throughout history , humans have a way of thinking the earth revolves around them .
as history shows , we once thought the world was flat , because we could n't comprehend that it would be anything different than our minds could fathom .
is it possible we could be off base here in our assessment of global warming ?
the earth was n't flat after all ....
" deplorable " cost hillary the election .
the democrats were so arrogant that they thought insulting most of middle america would have no effect on them .
another fine upstanding alaskan !
who gives a shit about sphincter de beaner
are you going to tax artificial sweetners ?
how about stevia , honey .... ?
hope their mortgages are not insured by cmhc
i do not know why you want mexicans out but to me it has nothing to do with crime i want asians out too and they do less crime than whites this is simply a matter of having a homeland
most people would n't know what they are looking at , in terms of quality and wear .
what a bunch of backwards old muslim farts
it amazes me when ppl are so damn prideful it turns into a form of stupidity .
they affect minorities the most .
who are the poorest races in the us ?
covertly invest into non white areas invest in ghetto abortion clinics help to raise money for free abortions in primarily non white areas perhaps abortion clinic syndicates throughout north america that primarily operate in non white areas and receive tax support should be promoted margaret sanger eugenics
yes i have noticed this too where i live .
if he wanted to kill illegal immigrants then why drive from dallas to el paso to do so ?
there are tons of them here in dallas .
many wal marts in various parts of dallas would have also been filled with them on saturday .
it does n't make sense .
send all illegal alien invaders back home ... or there will eventually be guerrilla warfare seeding a violent and bloody civil war in the united states .
it needs a better distribution of people , which the article indicates .
healthcare # haiku 

 government clinics 
 open from seven to five 
 but not for patience .
congratulations from my wife and i our country needs more white women and white men like you and your husband and your children this is a white nation and it belongs to people likeyou and your family
let 's call all muslims terrorists then ?
i have never had cramps so bad in my fucking life . & #
128530 ;
more fake news being circulated by a trump supporter .
obama never implemented travel bans on entire countries .
a couple of white wives having a fun time with a gang of bulls # hotwife # cuckold # cuck # queenofspades # slutwife # qos # xxx # cuckoldgoals # blackbull # snowbunny # interracial # hotel # gangbang # orgy # hubbyrecording # bigblackcock url
< user > my middle school band director was a nazi and my current one is a pedophile uh
for all we know they might have plans to deal with that situation by developing bio weapons that specifically target groups like arabs once they have removed whites from the equation
those racists that the left talks about includes trump voters comprising of 42 % women , and 1/3 latinos .
i have 2 friends in arizona who voted for trump simply because they just got disgusted by the seemingly musical / poetic repetitive democrat narrative- racist , misogynist , homophobic , xenophobic , deplorable , irredeemable .
people are getting tired of identity political and of msm doing the thinking for them .
deport them all !
if you are n't the target of the satire , then how could i be trying to mock you ?
> you attack people attempting to find peace in the middle of this desolation because you have no compassion for the people who have watched this happen , from the general convention walkouts to the courtroom in saint george today . [ ... ]
maybe you could ask jesus to be civil , as well ?
fuck these bitches have them burned and killed and jailed   chirst christian capitalist morman jehovah witness scientology meth vokda immature sex exchange interracial bitches stealing money
< number > fucks i do not give muff munching wetback commie bitch
niggas be sick when they remember all the bad they wished you
as a somewhat religious person , i have to say .
that s a pretty good viewpoint .
its much appreciated to just let us worship .
as long as it ai nt hurting anybody ofc .
nobody even knows if they are really the children of those who they say they are .
come on .
get real .
the word is out .
there 's no more danger along the way here ?
separating children from their parents ?
we should n't be accountable for the droves of people rushing the border .
sick ?
bringing whatever it is into america ?
the words out .
as for those sociodemocrats , you 're more of a hindrance than a resolve .
as a country , we would be far better off without you .
i would expect my walking papers if i were you ...
i see a lot of brown people and stupid women being the ones in these marches young white men know what is up do not let the msm gaslight you to think otherwise
the media focuses on the word " owe " ...... but ignore trump 's real point about nato members not meeting a target they agreed to , most ( including canada ) do n't even have a real plan to meet the target .
yes , words matter , yes trump said " owe " , but it is not the point he and others have been making .
germany does n't " owe " as in they need to give the us money for past defense spending , but germany does not meet the 2 % target , germany ( and others ) is not paying their fair share ( below 2 % ) and most nato countries do benefit from us defense spending and are able to have smaller defense budgets because of the amount the us pays .
< user > devildog the uc davis protesters remind me of the bolsheviks and every communist that has lived no dialog just violence and killing reminds me also of the nazis the storm troopers and the ss
it is that another beaner who won the affirmative action diversity lottery
how many presidents of the usa attended schools that were air - conditioned ?
@jamesherdmanxd @jtmasterjedi @pho_fun @piratekingken it 's also discrimination !
saying something harmful that is targeted at someone whether it 's for their race , gender , disablity , religion , etc is discrimination
@trappmoneyb domestic abuse in lgbtq relationships is a real epidemic and is under reported especially in male to male relationships .
url
learn the fucking language you fucking useless immigrant .
agreed .
if you want to know what the true critical reception of a movie ( or game or tv show ) is , go to metacritic.com .
they have both public reviews ( everyday people ) and , yes , " critics " .
compare the two , you get the full picture .
been using metacritic for over a decade and a half now .
60k people disliked cuz mulan is no black , american or even though jason momoa
girls know them when they encounter them but still choose to ignore all warning signs and fall for em then turn around and say all men are trashh 😒 url
" deplorable " cost hillary the election .
the democrats were so arrogant that they thought insulting most of middle america would have no effect on them .
@htowncici i just looked it up .
he does n't define his sexuality , which i would say makes him fluid , which i will qualify as queer , even though he does n't .
thanks for this !
posting a video now . :)
please give examples of the " incorrect rheteric " being spewed by blm .
there are now so many proven examples of white cops " gunning down innocent blacks " that you can not simply make a statement like this and expect to be believed by anyone except racists .
and the focus of blm is on the far greater number of black people killed by police than any other race .
you 're blaming the victims here .
i would hope that blm would inspire a similar movement among latinos .
but it is up to them to speak up for their own people .
hiring : someone to stand behind me shouting yessuh , goddamn right , and money whenever i 'm talking like the brain - damaged uncle in s - town .
the bakken crude oil shipped to the tacoma refineries is known to include many toxic chemicals the least of which is hydrogen sulfide implicated in birth defects .
how does union pacific rail plan to clean up this spill to reduce long term environmental impact to the families residing in mosier or ?
what do you do when you find an illegal immigrant who has a fever ?
apply ice .
just did a world trip and i would say that south america + turkey in general were super excited about seeing asians .
kpop is big in south america and i had a girl in turkey scream and run to me excitedly asking me if i was korean / japanese .
did n't face any discrimination , and people in latin america & turkey were friendly as hell .
but in general , if you 're asian - looking , they will assume you are from asia .
had one guy in turkey said i do n't look like i 'm from america .
if anything , they may ask some ignorant - ish questions but nothing malicious .
well if you can come from the ghetto become a billionaire or come from another country e a muslim become president of the usa where the oppression
greeting fellow nationalist i and white avenger and i have joined this site to free our great contry of thecoloured invaders .
more fake news being circulated by a trump supporter .
obama never implemented travel bans on entire countries .
true christian racism
invest your time wisely such as calling people faggots online
i put my dick in a bag of doritos and made this nigga bitch suck the dust off the tip
what if i chose wrong ? &
amp ; i m not supposed to do this .
what if no matter how hard i try , i will just never achieve it ?
wanna here a joke the latest snap chat update
your mom is homosexual
the law says drivers wo n't be held accountable if idiots stand in the middle of the roadway and get hit , which is a far cry from legalizing murder , john .
given the new cheap tactic of blocking major roadways in cities across the us as a form of holding businesses and uninvolved citizens hostage , i hope more states pass this law frankly .
protest from the side of the road and let people who have nothing to do with your issues get on with their lives .
as for the rest of your comment , good to know your blatant racism excludes hispanics .
that 's something i guess .
you 've never touched a woman , besides your mom .
diversity is our greatest weakness
< user > < user > < user > my pasty white ass needs it for real tho heather u and ur hubby should join us next time make it a pftpm posse remote meer up
until nigerians obey the command in the first 3 words in nigeria 's anthem ... the dictator in aso rock will one day , evict you from your home for having sex with your partner & accuse you of using a wrong sex position .
arise o compatriots , arise ! #
aitundersiege
bs .
it was a prearranged call set up by trump 's team .
lesson : you ca n't believe a single thing he tweets .
deport 'em all , and build the wall .
even so , come , lord jesus !
why do only men have to pay for alimony ?
yes of course equality
thanks for your comments , henry .
i completely agree that the trend is toward cheaper solar prices .
that 's why the article pretty clearly states that heco has some recent contracts for solar at 11 cents per kwh .
and , yes , i 'll try to figure out the rates for solar plus storage .
@meee682 @kimdotcom @seanhannity yea the country may getting invaded daily by brown people , censorship is rampant , anti - white hatred is everywhere , suicides & shootings are at an all time high thanks to a degenerate & disgusting culture , but ... " wow muh economy best ever " !
fuck , i ca n't imagine being so low iq .
i heard republicans were barricaded inside polling stations with orders to shoot to kill any black , hispanic , poor   or elderly person who looked like a democrat who tried to vote .
only white republicans waving the confederate flag   were allowed in to vote .
that is what this story is all about . .
yup .
as a somewhat religious person , i have to say .
that s a pretty good viewpoint .
its much appreciated to just let us worship .
as long as it ai nt hurting anybody ofc .
" " " going into the second half of the season , it ’s pointless to keep skewering the show for its clashing story points . " "
is n't that your job ? "
rose your not a mother , your a mother f -- er .
do n't encourage family members to head to our borders .
go down to central america and do something bitch .
america ca n't take in the whole f -ing world .
this asylum bull shit is a con job , to destroy our economy and destroy our nation ! ! ! .
fuck off ! ! ! .
trump 2o20 .
no worries real niggas will stay 💯 💯
i have an africana class tuesday mornings and i never can make it it too early in the week to be in a room full of white people talking about black people
" not , " " is n't it fucked up 20 - somethings are taking on mortgage sized student loans while professors working 60 hours a week ca n't make rent ? " " "
death from supernatural is the best looking ugly guy i 've ever seen
they largely have moved this way .
most their plans now throttle the bandwidth when the cap is exceeded instead of charging for overages ... so you can keep internet'ing away but at slower speeds and without surprise charges .
and their data caps are pretty generous ; i 'm paying for a 100 mbps connection with 250 gb cap per month -- no way do i ever approach 250 gb per month , even with a lot of netflix streaming .
unlimited bandwidth is a bad idea and that 's why those plans have largely gone away -- it invites abuse .
1 - 2 % of the users end up using 90 - 95 % of the bandwidth and slowing things down for everybody .
< user > let be honest multiculturalism is just a euphemism for hostile takeover by jews and non whites
jury in the katie stienle trial just let the piece of shit off not guilty of murder vigilante justice needs to make a come back in a big way if there going to let murdering beaners walk the streets
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > said the kneelers were sobs regardless of color were not there some white kneelers too omar district in minnesota majority muslim is the us number one district for isis recruits see where this is going called ms < number > animals not immigrants ms < number > who butcher people
wow , this reporter is completely brain dead and trying to deceive the people of denver .
the eu and uk will no longer share information with this administration because of this russian agent in the white house .
just think about it ,   the us did not lose our standing as the world 's leader , trump just handed it on a silver platter to china .
if that does not strike you as a putin agenda , who 's agenda is it on ? .
this goofball comes back from ruining every important strategic alliance we have and this reporter has the nerve to suggest it was a successful loss of our nation 's allies .
marc a. thiessen you truly deserve to lose you job over the title alone .
lol well they apparently do not like asians as a minority i guess
does n't describe my dentist or family doctor , let alone my lawyer .
your description does n't fit my observations .
and my dentist and lawyer 's children are ... dentists and lawyers so ...
politicians must decide on actions , not scientists .
example : james lovelock 's action recommendations concerning global warming effects are on the adaptation side whilst david suzuki 's are on the mitigation side .
either one is simply just one , : no more nor less than anyone else when it comes to an opinion .
you did n't answer my question .
independent of your personal opinion of comey do you think a president should fire the person investigating them for admittedly investigating them ?
if hillary had won and the email investigation was ongoing and she fired him would you shrug ?
you seem to be just as partisan as you are claiming me to be .
the manning kid served 7 years .
obama did n't pardon her before sentencing without consulting anyone .
nor was it a signal to anyone that he might pardon them as has been speculated about trump 's pardon of arpaio and those being investigated re : russia .
i do n't have a problem with usage of the pardon power when it can be justified .
pardoning a political ally b / c he was " doing his job " is not the framers ' intention .
i used an alarmist example of a presidential power b / c of your inability to defend a more mundane one with anything other than , it 's legal .
i 'm against any first strike use of any non tactical nuclear weapons .
if you want improvement in society then fucking do something .
calling someone racist for something they did in ignorance is n't progress
the african girl wants to make sure the white boy 🍆 works before getting into a marriage she smart lol 😂 did she see timothy story 😂 😂 😂 90 day fiance 9 0 dayfiancebefore90 days
“ i don ’ t think he ’ a sociopath i think he ’ just a retard ”
i just a nice ass bitch
btw this place is getting so obviously trolled 
 it 's amazing people are missing it .
i have sex the way i have my coffee : 

 single shot espresso .
good post - well said .
i 'm glad that this misogynistic stunt backfired so badly against the republicans .
warren is extremely courageous and they just made her an american hero .
stay strong warren , even white guys like me in canada are impressed !
clean coal - an oxymoron - like president trump .
the author of this needs to do much more reading and thinking before casting stones .
first , many indigenous people in canada kept slaves .
most were obtained from raids and wars , but some were likely obtained through trade or as gifts .
regardless of how they may have been treated , they were still slaves and denied basic freedoms .
second , canada is the architect of the indian act , a document that rendered every indigenous person a second class citizen and we have all benefited from that legislation in some manner .
whether it is the freedom to own land by displacing its rightful owners or by imposing racist laws that destroyed a culture and belief systems and rendered its adherents powerless to protest or change their circumstances , we benefited .
it 's easy to cast stones at harry , but no canadian has any moral high ground while we benefit from the racist legislation and practices inherent in the on - going indian act .
“ the only thing worse than living in a country built by racist whites is not being allowed to immigrate to a country built by racist whites . ”
- steve sailer
“ the only thing worse than living in a country built by racist whites is not being allowed to immigrate to a country built by racist whites . ”
- steve sailer
@mistressjd so i guess you will stay single and never have sex with a man then ?
these bitches are not americans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
they live here and maybe was born here but they hate america ! ! ! !
fuck those brown / black cunts ! ! ! ! ! .
they lie , they say the same racist bullshit but they think it is ok .
they are the four cunts of the apocalypse for a reason .
they need to be voted out or removed by force ! ! ! ! !
you forgot - it 's a dog race .
it would be refreshing if the globe would stop rewriting stories and changing headlines hours and hours after the article is published .
i 'm not talking about correcting errors but adding significant content or completely different headlines like : 
 top mountie calls for review of recent sexual assaults 
 morphing into 
 public safety ministers to develop national strategy for sex - assault cases 
 come one now , we know 1984 is here but really ....
< user > this is the guy i was meant to be arguing with his bio says he is a spic troll but press him on it and he is nt a spic i just got mixed up
it is interesting to note that all of the men in the video were dressed like those moussed distributed pamphlets that popped up a few weeks ago when the revolution was really getting into the swing .
famous saying “ i felt sorry for myself because i had ragged shoes until i met a man who had no feet ” showgratitude
just start your own crew and start advertising it in your flyers or whatever if you are atcually active you should email me i ' m trying to set up a network of all the serious white nationalists across canada .
the obsession with pakistan and islam on this sub is unbelievable , do you piss drinkers not have anything productive to do ?
should we shoot down another jet so you all can get your shit together lmao .
wo n't be surprised if i get banned by mods since the truth hurts . ;)
i will disparage nehlen for marrying a beaner all i please tyvm
i came up with a new mixed drink : < number > parts blood orange , < number > part cuban rum , served over ice .
i call it a jose fernandez on the rocks .
looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
closeted gays need to calm down i swear y' all are wild url
" my belief is that israel and islamic state have a tacit truce . "
isis has n't attacked the palestinians .
by your logic , are they in cahoots as well ?
how about canada ?
there has been no isis attacks since trudeau took office .
is there a tacit understanding ?
flaring your nostrils in every photo is the new white trying to be black
i bet the odds are good that this equipment is nowhere near this area anymore .
it 's not likely that the thieves drove it away under its own power , it 's more likely that they put it on the back of a truck and hightailed it out of town .
if i ca n't get this , you guys definitely ca n't !
puerto rican here .
ricky deserves to die in a fucking hole .
< user > white people stole the land so you ’ re an immigrant
there happy because there are no blacks or mexicans running around trying to steal everything you own .
if a wall stopped just < number > of those future illegal line jumping crossings … it would pay for itself in fiscal savings from welfare public education refundable tax credits and other benefits currently given to low income illegal immigrants from mexico and central america sperry wrote
i 'm not arguing that courts do n't treat violations as civil issues , nor is the legal citation .
this appears to provide for criminal penalties- what do you think ?
" sec .
275 . [
8 u.s.c. 1325 ] 

 ( a ) any alien who ( 1 ) enters or attempts to enter the united states at any time or place other than as designated by immigration officers , or ( 2 ) eludes examination or inspection by immigration officers , or ( 3 ) attempts to enter or obtains entry to the united states by a willfully false or misleading representation or the willful concealment of a material fact , shall , for the first commission of any such offense , be fined under title 18 , united states code , or imprisoned not more than 6 months , or b oth , and , for a subsequent commission of any such offense , be fined under title 18 , united states code , or imprisoned not more than 2 years , or both . "
https://www.uscis.gov/ilink/docview/slb/html/slb/0-0-0-1/0-0-0-29/0-0-0-9025.html#0-0-0-332
drama : german police take squirrel in custody for stalking
do moslem or other ethnic children go through this or is it just the white children
naomi campbell is a cum guzzling whooore
i played the sandy caps mini game in paradise island 2 , and my score was : 372 # gameinsight # paradiseisland2
so which beaner is your favorite baseball player do you have a big poster of him hanging on your wall
these bitches are not americans ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
they live here and maybe was born here but they hate america ! ! ! !
fuck those brown / black cunts ! ! ! ! ! .
they lie , they say the same racist bullshit but they think it is ok .
they are the four cunts of the apocalypse for a reason .
they need to be voted out or removed by force ! ! ! ! !
@cam_coles you do n't know what i know .
name somebody colder , you monkey faced immigrant
so sexy ... 아주 예쁜 여자 i find koreans so attractive
real nigger me please
did you hear about a mexican with a mental illness ?
he has borderline personality disorder .
< user > it make poor ghetto trailer park people feel better
the enemy is those who think committing treason against our country is justified by a select group of men with small hands ! ! ! ! !
can i get a hell ya ? !
you have a spic in a spic area he d have had to be the shooter himself almost to get fired a little bit of sexual harassment eyy mamasita joo bee lookin good is nothing to those muds best to deport them all
raskal redical islamist muslims in switzerland are demanding that the white cross be removed from the swiss national flag because as a christian symbol it no longer corresponds to today multicultural switzerland save the world from them 🙏 🙏 🙏 🙏 🙏 🙏 🙏 🔱 🔱 🔱
these women are the future , racists be damned .
brown women rise ✊ 🏽 ✊ 🏽
< user > < user > < user > i am sure they think fuck you too one fake fan gone if that how you feel
this is why religion is dead .
the leaders that care about people and show compassion and morals get arrested and the evangelical scum that supports trump collects hordes of money from their sheeple .
url
" virtue signalling " like " alt left " is a term coined by , interestingly enough , the self proclaimed " alt right " to demean and diminish efforts at social justice .
the right thrives on systemic inequality because it perpetuates the hegemony of " white " males .
fellas , it 's over .
you 've had er pretty good for 500 years , but at the end of it all , the best you could do was donald trump .
sorry .
yeah cuz haitians are too fucking retarded to utilize resources themselves they were not too stupid to kill every white man woman and child once though after raping the women of course and we still show up with aid for those sub humans pretty dumb of us if you ask me
all you hindus should go back to paki you fucking indian go back to mexico !
what did the hispanic kid get for his birthday ?
your wallet
@michael31776226 very good girl 👏 🏽 i imagine all their cum leaks from your cunt when fucked to the bed often soaking the sheets 💦
any guy who uses the term " beta male " seriously is definitely a beta male .
# castrate and # deport @illegals who kill .
honestly fuck the british dude and fuck that virtue signaling woman .
the drunk guy with the bottle was nt being obnoxious until the british drunk guy kept beating him .
the worst tho is that woman thinking she s doing something right calling the guy a racist when he did nt mention anything about the bottle guys race .
i wish he woulda shut her down but alas he did nothing and the woman looks like a hero ... at least to the ignorant
i am a lying faggot that moves the goal post
honestly .
yes , i know the republicans who made comments about blacks and latinos .
i took exception to their comments not because i personally know of whom they spoke but because of the way it was stated .
" well , you know how n * * * * * * are " or ' honestly , mexicans are so lazy .
she always leaves my house not quite clean . "
that is offensive speech to me .
and i think this discussion is just a smoke screen to detract from the real issue .
it is wrong for any race to make assumptions about another race based on too little information .
that is not the same as white nationalism , and do n't try to pretend it is .
precinct and campaign meetings will confirm that it is only whites who hold any ideals about government non whites want free govt cheese and jews are crazy for power
oh look another occult remote viewing nazi with a crystal ball who believes he sees all knows all 🔮 please report back to your room for your thorazine treatment 🚫 muted 🙊
ok not only did i report that spic to ✝ ️ president trump 🇺 🇸 i sent a warning for him to make sure the ice deportation team that he sends has far sighted agents go get her since she such an ugly spic facially
obama 's administration was certainly cozy with the neo - banderite movement in ukraine .
players must allow iebc to execute its mandate per law otherwise be guilty to killing free , fair and credible election # railaplanningchaos
and you 're a f * * * * * * moron the reason america has more so - called killings is because we help every other f * * * * * * piece of s * * * lowlife country in this world every time they have a little squabble some f * * * * * * country is asking the us for something just to have ungrateful motherfukers to say we 're terrorists when you see on tv a sick and dying child it 's an american giving him food or medicine you f * * * * * * piece of s * * * moron
pride month ?
pride in what ?
there is nothing pride - worthy in just being attracted differently .
< user > she looks like a < number > something trailer trash single mother of < number >
135 billion dollars a year due to illegal aliens ..... no more immigration ..... period .... we are full !
excellent article .
we have followed every rule diligently and it works great .
i draw less $ $ $ from the rrif on my wife 's younger   age , so income is lower .
and we take rrif payments quarterly to spread   the stock market ups and downs .
" rt @nervousrocket : i like bees , but not like , " " look at me , i 'm going to marry this fucking beehive . " " "
i dunno .... i used to be catholic but find the episcopal church to be welcoming , open to people of all sexual persuasion , respectful of women , married clergy ( including women ) , and it offers as well a full liturgical mass ( not to mention homilies that are often quite excellent ) .
and , lest i forget , each diocese elects its own bishop - the one change that , i think , might have a huge and beneficial impact on the rc church .
way too many there are entire cities in the us that are entirely asian it an absolutely insane situation and asians are not dumb enough to let foreigners move into their nations and take over
i 'm no longer a 22 year old virgin 
 i 'm a 23 year old virgin :d :d :d
you are retarded and paranoid not woke < user > ‍ has met me in person he will tell you i am a dispatcher and not a fed dude you are hilarious
all this african gentleman want to do is enrich israel their women are being denied his shalom because israeli government officals hate him because of the colour of his skin
so is margaret wente .
rotherham is the trigger for the world whites allowing the rape of white children by paki muslims and covered up for diversity means many mps councillors police should be swinging from a rope and any fucked up media rep who refuses to see the truth
really beautiful .
let me suck your balls and your dick :)
so , are you a white mexican , or are you a brown mexican ?
do you call yourself spanish , or do you just like how the language feels rolling off of your toungue ?
just admit it ... you just do n't like anybody not like you ... even the white ones .
so i do n't get that puppy .
but the director is apologetic and telling me i can have 50 % off any other dog .
she 's making a list 
 she 's checking it twice
trans woman have already been competing in the olympics and it has n't been an issue .
should be built in s. korea or japan .
cheaper , faster , better .
not in corrupt canada .
canadian gov`t for votes is constantly bailing out failing companies : cars , bombardier , now this .
taxpayer money being flushed down the toilet .
must stop .
canadians , speak up .
don`t let this happen to your money .
put an end to this absolute nonsense .
never seems to stop .
it`s an outrage .
i would very much like to comment on this topic but i seriously doubt that i can manage to do so in fewer than five pages .
this story takes me back to the summers i spent driving big rigs loaded with tomatoes .
one fine day the company radio was abuzz with a mini race war between the white and the hispanic truck drivers .
in fairness , we were working sixteen hour shifts with every eighth day off , so we were cranky .
finally , one hispanic driver said , " if we all left the us , you white people would starve because you 're too lazy to do the work required to feed yourselves . "
several white truckers clicked in and then clicked off without saying anything in response .
the truth of the statement was right in front of us in the fields we drove to and from .
we were exhausted from sitting in air - conditioned trucks while women and men of every age worked much , much harder for lower pay on the harvesters .
we deport the 11 million undocumented people at our peril .
no ur not baby ur a fat fucking retard
two points : 

 1 .
i was specifically replying to the atheist - op - ed writer , who , while writing cogently about jesus christ 's commandment about loving others , did n't mention what he ( the writer ) did during the christmas season as to helping the disadvantaged .
the core message of atheism is that of denial of   god through christ , without actually doing anything substantive to help the poor .
2 .
yes , of course there are secular - based charities that do good work .
but atheists have not really organized themselves into " " churches " , until recently -- something that would give atheism the potential to do good work as atheists .
the three monotheistic religions   ( christianity , judaism , islam ) all emphasize helping the poor .
on this point , where are the atheists ?
i mean , really ?
back to the op - ed piece , the writer makes good points , as ideas .
but for me christmas is a time of giving and the sharing of christian love . --
david murrell , economics , unb at fredericton
allie likes her own posts all the time
akilah now that is some dindu stereotypical shit right there akilah white muhfugga akilah taco when i be hungree akilah welfare check in a minute bitchez
these people who should be ashamed but are not -- they do not value either ethics or democratic process -- hence their colluding candidate and " president . "
they want their cake and to eat it too .
republicans want democracy for themselves but want to deny it to others -- blacks , women , gays , lesbians and transgender people , latinos , immigrants .
it 's like democracy in ancient greece only instead of democracy being limited to male citizens , it 's limited to citizens who are white .
this is the " vision " of the republicans -- a society where rights are offered -- but only to whites who are straight .
america will fall behind more enlightened societies because it allows its most backward elements to lead .
basen on the philosophy you seem to espouse on this site , i highly doubt that you either voted for bill clinton , or were ever anything but a hard core righty , there is n't any shame in it .
the only poll that shows trump even close to 50 % is rasmusen , which is very right leaning .
great , i did nt knew you guys opened this thread their accent will be super funny for you , but this belgrade band is singing some of the most famous irish and celtic songs .
did you hear about madden 19 ?
he should have used the shotgun formation .
servilla ,   have you been talking with our " founding fathers " once again ?
did n't the doctor tell you to take your medications ?
and why were n't there any " founding mothers " ?
please excuse our lack of concern or appreciation of your experts , dr. knucklehead and dr. quack .
boi said he 21 and bitches think he in hs still i 'm in tears
the term loosely meant a bundle of something .
the bundles of wood and sticks used to burn gay people to death is where the homophobic slur came from , but it was also used to describe a small bundle of tobacco used for smoking .
the president is right .
these 4 brown communist rats should be kicked out of america .
the founding fathers were n't brown ... they were all white , remember ?
i see you are back trying to rephrase your previous disgusting post that was rightfully deleted .
the only problem is you 're still making excuses for a politician who clearly stated she hoped to see the president assassinated .
doubling down does n't cut it .
flagged .
< user > are you fucking retarded
@samus aran lol .
i was agreeing with you .
just being black seems to be all the credentials one needs anymore .
someone should tell them it does n't work .
spixico south america nigfrica are older than america and most other white countries and centuries behind them all they are all totally inferior and incapable of keeping up with the higher standards of that of whites asians niggers spics have no place in a white mans world period
you want to believe this .
the polls do not bear you out .
you are also demonstrating the correctness of my definition of " judicial activism " as " a court issued a decision i do n't like " .
just start your own crew and start advertising it in your flyers or whatever if you are atcually active you should email me i ' m trying to set up a network of all the serious white nationalists across canada .
jus fucked this white bitch cuz fuck slavery and all that racist shit 🤣 🤣 😎 🤦 🏻 ‍ ♂ ️ 😈
war is not violence and killing pure and simple war is controlled violence for a purpose robert heinlein
what do you mean you do n't like takis ( mexican chip - like snack ) ? !
it 's like being mexican and not liking beans !
spring break bitches
you think ? ? ?
' 
 … except , of course , nothing about it is government dole .
.
cantwell is actually talking to federal agents and nehlen has a spic wife so what you are saying does not make sense the only reason i think you could be saying these things is if you are a subverter yourself
what in the world are you talking about ?
mexico is not a country it is ruled by the drug cartels , criminals cartels make billion trafficking 5 % is less 50 % is good without america mexico will be become a another terrorist country mexico have no control over their borders is it a country the illegals are flooding , completely all their products see what happens
me , a new worker in a department store : : it looks like someone switched the tags on these shirts .
they 're not even the right brand .
an older , white coworker : : sometimes customers switch tags and put cheap prices on expensive clothes .
those mexicans do n't realize that the computers tell us the brands when we scan them .
they ca n't read the screens , you know .
i was shocked that she made so many racist assumptions about our store 's shoplifters .
let 's piss some normies off , talk about how we are nice and that 's a good thing .
brown american citizens ?
fuck you .
into the cage you go ! !
what was the last thing going through princess diana 's mind when she died ?
glass .
retire your fingers " ailina " you troll .
free canada press is an anti - catholic and anti - semetic alt right online blog run by judi mcleod .
they are the same outlet that claimed 9/11 was an inside job perpetrated by " the mob " and any latin americans who protest tougher immigration laws are actually acting under detailed instructions from " swiss jews , an irish / canadian manager , and a califormia jew " .
http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/judi_mcleod
dolphin , these " dreamers " are by definition the ones who chose to register and get on the right side of the law as soon as daca gave them a way to do that .
these kids are the ones who have taken legal steps .
they 've applied and have been accepted .
and , furthermore , as per the discussion above , the economics indicate they are not taking your tax dollars ; they are paying their fair share .
not gon na let someone like him talk shit to my dear theoriginals specially when the person is being this retarded since god knows when i might not post a lot but i am watching all of you 👁 👁 creeps away slowly
sucks this is public so i can trigger you kids all kids all day .
so i do n't have to gtfo
in nazi germany hitler used his speeches to incite and cause violence from his biggest supporters the violence victims ended up arrested
they should be dumped 300 miles offshore if they make it back alive then send them back to mexico in a body bag
trump tweeting after meeting the pope : 
 old latino woman in white dress and funny cap met me at the door .
ugh !
grabbed her by the - - - - - anyway .
what !
a cross - dresser .
disgusting .
shouda known .
vatican sick .
i 'm outa there .
walked into a door on way out .
eye will be ok .
you have no sovereignty your foreign your a mudskin shitskin homosexual animal abuser who masterbates to the kardashian show go find a woman little man
url - check / ocasio - cortez - resume/ maybe that 's why this hispanic woman   has you white trash morons   saturating your diapers with liquid feces ?
meanwhile , you conservative einsteins still ca n't figure out when to use " your / you're " or " their / there . "
why was 6 afraid of 7 ?
7 was never the same after vietnam .
the shiny pony is about to be trampled under the republican stampede .
the lightweights on the hill could n't fight their way out of a wet economic bag .
and zoolander why are 65 % of the refugees you let in already sponging off the food banks ?
get a grip !
only white kids will get this dads
trump , talking about migrants on the southern border : " how do you stop these people ? "
crowd : " shoot them . "
trump , chuckling : " that 's only in the panhandle you can get away with that stuff . "
url
trump ha ha ha ha joke has not got old after the 500th time .
not .
how about hillery .
get it , ill - ery .
for being ill , get it ?
maybe some one can use that one for months on end .
do not you love when nazi wannabes complain about israel because hey like we do not want them here but we do not want them there either stupidity
1 .
as i recall , the first world leader to congratulate president trump on his election was israel 's terrorist - in - chief , benny netanyahu .
the first latin american leader to visit trump was peru 's president pedro pablo kuczynski , who 's literally a " jewish banker . "
he worked for the world bank and international monetary fund , which are known for exploiting poor people around the world .
2 .
regarding conspiracy theory , some people think many neo - nazis are in fact working for the jews .
3 .
i 'm not an anti - semite ; i have nothing against arabs .
i 'm an anti - jewarchist .
< user > a fucking hate you
well , she 's puerto rican , but she does n't come off as latina .
she comes off more , like , business , you know ?
either she lyin or it was a dyke that did it 🥴 😂 😂 😂 url
being a racialist means you stop trying to hurt other white nations for the sole selfish interest of your own nation .
make alaska # 1 in drilling .
hahahahaha drill baby drill for $ 15 oil .
yes go for it , i 'd love to see oil at $ 15 a barrel , just love it .
hahahaha
# russia should act on the # dprk in a surprize move .
shift the pieces of perception around , throw them off , shut them up .
need to evac all the smart whitey 's first then drop a couple nukes
it does not make anyone respect you anymore when you boast how amazing your life is on social media , humble yourself ...
i am in community hunt and we hunt standard antler restrictions .
all on foot .
you ’ d think pdogg grew up in la during the la riots the way he be in the studio cookin up these ghetto ass beats
jury in the katie stienle trial just let the piece of shit off not guilty of murder vigilante justice needs to make a come back in a big way if there going to let murdering beaners walk the streets
> this # pridemonth we celebrate the lgbtq community & generations of leaders , activists and allies who fought & marched to show the world that hatred will never defeat pride .
read my full statement here : url   in response to : none   author : nancy pelosi   time : sat jun 01 14:50:11 +0000 2019   location : none   via : coming soon !
media : none
i live in california and the only school race riots i hear about are blacks vs. mexicans during cinco de mayo lol .
i propose that kamanao crabbe be cast as king kamehameha .
a maid , a nanny and a whore walk into a bar .
the bartender says " god damn it guadalupe you 're suppose to be cleaning my house not out drinking ! "
whites get along with asians much more than they do with blacks or hispanics .
the iq map shows the average iq in cuba is about < number > so at best idiot bot trudeau has an iq of maybe < number > only slightly mildly retarded it shows in his statements actions
the only way you lose the white card is if you become muslim or buddhist or some shit like that
a few guys were collecting for child abuse so i gave them some belts
i m sick of ppl saying they were " born gay " you re not born gay u chose to watch sunmi playing the bass and now u are the way u are url
i like my diversity like how i like my laundry ... whites in one load and colors in the other .
oh shoot !
i go looking all over for where " 80 % of hispanics sat out the election " and now it 's gone .
darn you to heck , mc !
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/projects/cp/opinion/election-night-2016/heres-what-happened-with-the-latino-vote
jack , 
 i have to say , i   can agree to a certain degree about attacking " the messenger " however it   is hard to divorce the message from the messenger when it is " his " message .
in attacking his   message it sometimes becomes necessary to at least call out the messenger 's motivations .
that gets to the very heart of the " matter "   i like that word since hearing it 's what loretta lynch instructed james comey to substitute for " investigation " of   hillary last summer .
a year ago , now .
time sure flies !
prior to 1979 there are pictures of young women at universities in iran that are barely indistinguishable from pictures taken at any north american campuses .
then came the iranian revolution of 1979 and the rejection of all things western and a particularly hard clampdown on what women wore .
this is the advent of the widespread use of face covering .
it was political and not religious .
the continued insistence that is religious and is an affront to religious freedom is simply wrong .
was n't there something like a big bang in which a burrito exploded and all the beans flew everywhere and started reproducing exponentially ?
send them back .
who said its our job to feed & house those moochers ? ! ....
help yourselves do n't expect us working ( conservative ) real americans to pay for everything .
i hope the detention center is rough , why should it be nice for illegally crossing a border .
i say put them to work cleaning the wall then they wo n't have time to sit in a cage complaining .
they are all criminals period you fake news not victims
obama did not do enough for black people not even god can do enough it impossible maybe if they ship in whites and asians and paint them black
april ryan is the biggest racist here and cnn gives this bitch a platform
sure , why not ?
it 's not like congress has anything important to do after all .
( sarcasm )
another , thoughtful , and articulate response from corbeil .
how long did it take to compose ?
< user > i ’ ve always dated white men who ’ ve never dated black women they all from america mytwocents
i ’m torn on masturbation on one hand , it feels good
are you going to tax artificial sweetners ?
how about stevia , honey .... ?
< user > king of the jews hell he thinks he is the second coming of god
yeah , heres a clue for the nigger author of this article .
chinks hate niggers , kikes hate niggers , spicks hate niggers and towelheads hate niggers .
even niggers hate niggers .
black africans hate the gauche lazy american blacks because they have no morals or work ethic .
niggrus americanus is the lowest form of human ( if you can even call them that ) on the planet , we should erase them
which part of heterosexuality was she referring to , the sexual attraction of men and women to on another , or engaging in sexual intercourse ?
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > hey < user > there is a maldivian refugee living in canada who is stoking islamophobia and hatred and living off canadian welfare please look < user > up for tos violations < user > < user > < user > < user > < user >
i am interested in learning what benefit and/or reason washington or any other state would have in agreeing to have alaska join their risk pool .
to include alaska in their risk pool , their average costs would definitely increase and i do n't know why they would even consider that idea .
the women of my grammas generation were pretty cool too my gramma punched a pregnant spic in the belly at a motley crew show in the < number > 🤔
hey goyims my name is abraham and i just talked to god and what did he say to you that the land of the arabs belongs to me
if @tabteamracing blue beat @eusc_sailing black in the final it 'd be a record - breaking 4th year @tabteamracing have won # busatrfinals !
yeah sure he will , 

 moon can come back after that meeting with lil kim with a piece of paper in his hand like neville chamberlain in 38 and declare " peace for our time " .
how did that turn out ?
" the biblical mandate to do to the least is not directed to a secular society , but to believers in his gospel message . "
you take my favorite passage of the entire bible , jewish or christian scriptures ( old or new testaments ) , and pervert its meaning .
matthew 25:32 starts " before [ the son of man ] will be gathered all the nations ... " 
 all the nations .
everyone .
matthew 25:32 - 45 is a call for social justice .
in 14 verses , jesus of nazareth gives a resounding " yes ! "
to cain 's question of whether cain is his brother 's keeper .
in 14 verses , jesus summarizes the entirety of the social justice message of all of the prophets of the jewish scriptures .
and you say it 's for christians only .
shame on you .
churches and non - profits ca n't handle all the need .
so legislators who were / are predominantly christian created the social security , medicare , and medicaid systems .
and people who are predominantly christian are arguing the republican plan is cruel .
it 's too bad we are making demands of you .
yup .
but should she also get a restraint order from a judge ?
at least this could get resolved at age 28 .
my stereotypical overage pothead still living in his parents basement brother had to be evicted , with locks changed and a no contact judge 's order , at age 60 .
our mother called my sister after our brothers live in girlfriend slugged her .
the girlfriend called police when she heard my sister was coming over .
when rcmp heard that she had hit our mother the girlfriend was told to pack up and leave .
he had persuaded our mother to assign him as the sole heir to her home .
that left us worried that they might pull a darren huenemann or atif rafay to speed up the inheritance .
bc estate law mandates an equal split among heirs but pothead probably did n't understand that .
he had somehow got the code for her bank card and had been raiding her reverse mortgage to pay for drugs for himself and the girlfriend .
sometimes you just have to pull the plug and disconnect from toxic relatives .
our muslim terrorist treasonous arab ass kissing state dept is making sure that trump will not do this after all kissing arab and muslim ass is far more important than us national security
the jewish question is probably the greatest litmus test for loyalty if they defend this one group of people despite any wrong doing they are not on your side this is like the house negro protecting the slave master chicano
guys , the devil is behind suicide , he came to kill , steal , and destroy .
but jesus is come to give life , and life more abundantly !
listen to this man 's testimony from suicidal to hope and life in christ !
url
can you be quiet for a moment ? [
removed ]
imagine that a girl want have sex with you 
 i ca n't even imagine that it 's impossible even if she likes my personality lol i ca n't
speaking of teaching lessons , i was happy to see the trump family , via their garb and reverent conduct ,   remind the pope that catholic culture is uniquely beautiful and respectful of human dignity .
i hope he takes the trumps ' example to heart , especially melania 's .
fucking aguero .
what we could do with one like him .
< user > no sorry that man has more important issues to deal with here in this country then following a phantom around the world the rise of white supremacy accused sex offenders and sweet heart deals rampant gun violence barrs hands are dirty
what 's the difference between a mexican and a printer ?
one has its papers
that basketball should have raped that mayo on the spot , he even showed him that freshly broken in bussy .
like nigga get a clue !
most mexicans are garbage .
even the " good " ones are garbage , just not evil and murderous .
garbage , garbage , garbage .
letting them in is like eating shit .
wake the fuck up .
why are these people so upset ?
what 's wrong with separating babies from their moms and packing folk in cages like sardines .
what 's wrong with treating them as though they were not human .
they are not white like us .
let them rot .
why is cocaine white ?
cause it actually works
this is why antifa protests , there 's literally 40 % of america ready to deport a non - white political opponent because the leader says so .
they do n't look at sources , they do n't listen to the other side , they do n't have empathy and they 're being pushed as far right as any western country in the last century .
and yet , people will still play the " both sides " card and pretend that sjw 's are a serious problem .
it 's beyond a joke .
i have noticed a high number of people getting iphones , been tellin ' y' all that apple is the standard ⚡ ️&#128242;&#128268 ;
# poll illegal migrants should be deported ?
i think you 're a raging colorist misogynoir trash .
this is pure proof why light skins are no different than white women .
y'all really hate dark skin girls .
url
< user > lmao actually i take that back it depends on how much i like the person 🥴 but even then sucking dick is ghetto
now is a perfect time to go private 
 it 'll make all the failed normies go crazy not having anything to do over the weekend .
[ x - post /r / askreddit ] [ serious ] men of reddit who are victims of sexual / physical abuse from their wives / girlfriends , what has your experience finding help been like ?
the noose tightens .
no trump tweets for a couple of days - gen. kelly seems to have the donald under control , at least for now .
black people are some of the best people i ’ve ever met anyone   who locks this is racist lmao
he he he
@judgejules75 @forwomenscot @victoriapeckham @miss_leeze @gordon_struth @mumofc @redqueenrising @maitlis @scotgov in the uk a male doctor is required to have a female chaperone when carrying out intimate examinations .
this too is been disregarded by some males who i d as transwomen .
it disregards female patients protections , consent issues , safeguards & best practice .
url
great example of a miserable hoe 🤣 it 's been months .
and she still keeping up with me im deadddd stay bothered hoe 🤣 go make out w another fat white bitch u dirty ass girl url
< user > she looks like a < number > something trailer trash single mother of < number >
the labeling of italians and irish as white when they were widely considered undesirables came about because of labor disputes during the labor rights movement .
it was a concession given to the irish and italians in order to divide the revolting working - class based on race and slow the labor movement .
funny how everyone wants to come to white nations though is n't it !
i mean mexico for mexicans , india for indians , china for chinese , japan for japanese , me for arabs but white nations for everyone ? ?
your anti white hatred shows ?
why come here if you do n't like music , pork , beer seeing women dressed normal , dogs ?
there is lots of room in the me for you .
oh i know why they come here , it 's for the welfare !
i do miss the old days of european migrants who worked their butts off and made this country great !
built this country , defended this country against that dictator you seem to associate us with .
you are anti white , please leave you are n't good enough for canadian values , why do n't we let smart hardworking latino 's or asians in ?
at present , charter schools are connected to public districts and under their control for content .
the voucher system may give them less money , and parents would have to pony up the rest .
those who could n't pay would be relegated to a cheaper , or public school .
the voucher system is tailor - made for segregation- schools will be able to reject undesirable students , those special needs , blacks , latino , korean , etc .
students , and keep the school pure for ' our people ' .
you 're probably too young to remember the big increase in private schools in the wake of brown vs. board of education .
parents faced with integration looked for a way to keep their children from associating with ' undesirable blacks ' in the public schools .
and of course , they had the money to do it , and the private school industry boomed .
report trump to allow < number > refugees into the u.s .
they arrive on friday and start their modeling careers on monday
< number > with regard to the disastrous initiative taken by the jews with this most fundamental of all declarations of war the slaves revolt in morality begins with the jews a revolt which has < number > years of history and which has only been lost sight of because it was victorious
yeah i also agree that the middle eastern ones are coming mostly to hungary but these other refugees away from mudslimes are all schengen regions why bother applying for refugee status when you can just move it perfectly legal
speaking as a brit , who is planning to visit anchorage in 2018 for the rondy .
here is my 2 cents : the exchange rate is getting better and better for americans , with brexit the pound has been dropping like stone to $ 1.20 to £ 1 .
secondly , heathrow is pricey because the landing fees for the airport is high as it is the principle airport for london .
while gatwick is cheaper as fewer airlines go there , plus the local versions of say spirit or frontier fly from there .
although one should be aware that the departure tax for any long - haul flight out of the airport is around $ 100 , so one should plan for that when flying back .
it 's easy to look at test scores and form an opinion based on that one indicator .
if you actually lived in hawaii , you would understand the masses of immigrant children are educated in the same school system ( taking the same standardized tests ) as our local kids .
try teaching high school physics to an immigrant student with a preschool comprehension of english .
then apply those same parameters to a micronesian high school transplant who can not speak english , zero math training and no desire to learn anything .
your bias is one of the reasons young talent chooses other professions .
easy to criticize while being ignorant of challenges unique to our state ( i.e. , most diverse immigrant population in the nation ) .
how do teach if you ca n't communicate ?
if the profession was so desirable with great pay and time off , where are all the applicants in the current shortage ?
< < crickets > >   the work is too hard , too stressful and too political to live with the mediocre state salary for most .
yeah i m a faggot and what are you disrespectful i d rather be a faggot than a disrespectful child any day
y'all orgy bitches still ugly swapping spit n shit with the whole group y' all ai n't ever hurd of herpes ?
😣
just watched the first few minutes of the video and will finish when i wake up .
what people fail to grasp about the genius of whitesharia is that it provokes two loud reactions < number > sharia is for sand niggers < number > restore draconian enforcement of traditional european values i am not sure what commies can interject into that dialectic yes to sharia but no to the white
yo can you all go ahead and get < user > up outta there too cuz if trumps gone and he president he gon be calling folks niggers and shocking gay people on live tv talkin about its jesus time bitches
< user > < user > < user > do not disrespect yakima we the hillbilly version of tacoma
@raymysterio305 should have stayed in mexico and seen a doctor .
oh but then they would have to pay .
illegal aliens illegal aliens .
sick and damn tired of going to the er sick while staff struggles to understand the words coming out of their mouth .
errrrrrrr
news flash : cops target blacks and latinos for drug arrests at far higher rates than whites !
omg ,   who knew ?
i only bang girls that are a solid 9 or 10 by the time the reach 11 , they start to get bitchy
are n't " latino whites " overwhelmingly catholic ?
that 's the agenda with illegal immigration , to expand the territory because they 've overpopulated latin america - and because previous rounds of catholic immigration want to validate themselves with more of the same .
they are seeking to take advantage of the declining fertility rates in the us ( the declining fertility rates in the us that are below 1.0 are though to be just a developmental stage ) .
the " latin " in " latino " actually refers to the language of the catholic church .
woman : : have you noticed a lot of hispanics moving in [ to new orleans ] ?
my cousin : : i have , actually !
woman : : we heard that a lot of them were moving here to rebuild the place , because - you know - that 's what they 're good at .
everyone as access to a rope you moron .
if people want to die it 's fucking simple .
women rarely die from suicide because they 're not serious about it , unless you want to argue that women are just fucking incompetent and ca n't get anything accomplished .
imran khan in hot water for ' insult ' to king salman bin abdulaziz of saudi arabia , here 's what happened url
get rid of all illegals !
close our border and get rid of all traitors to we the people and our country !
i fuckin hate my dad he and my mom have been divorced for 17 years and separated for 19 and he still fucking makes my mom cry
and that 's why all those hispanics and blacks who voted for obama twice did n't vote for anyone at all last november ?
the republicans took all their registration cards away ?
so , where does the money come from to cover people who do n't work , etc .
also , the amount deducted would never cover what is actually spent either , so where does the excess come from ?
indeed , medical care and drugs , etc .
are a mess .
but , the consumer does n't know most of what a product or service costs .
unless you know what your car mfg .
paid for every piece of hardware , etc . ,
personnel , transportation , insurance , taxes , etc . ,
etc . ,
you just assume the amount you pay for your car is " about right . "
who really knows ?
and , should we ?
a business will charge what the market is willing to pay .
oh , yeah , you used to be a dentist , huh ?
i agree with you it all boils down to girl woman upbringing but point is that only a white man would do something like this not beaner or nigger or whichever other species of coloreds
well actually good old dad trudeau said that that once mp 's were a few feet away from parliament hill they were nobodies .
wonder what young trudeau thinks ?
mainstream liberal media were all stunned by trump 's victory in spite of their unceasing and relentless demonizing of trump as being a racist , a bigot , etc .
etc .
it appears that mainstream liberal journalists can not accept a presidency of donald trump ergo this so - called " racism " , one of the very thing to demonize trump during the election campaign .
but on the question - why did people vote for trump 

 simple :  
 ( 1 ) build the wall  
 ( 2 ) renegotiate trade agreements 
 ( 3 ) drain the swamp .
racism ?
how can one even think of racism when trump intends to tackle low income african - americans and latinos in inner cities in his " make america again " programs .
where were there ceo 's the last 8 + years when militant blacks , hispanic / latinos , muslims , homosexuals and illegals were rioting in our streets threading whites and our children with death simply for being white ?
not a peep from corporate america , the leftist so called , " mainstream media , nor the regressive socialist democrats !
obama and his corrupt crew were doing everything in their power including hiding their instigation of violence and hate and no one called them out on it .
all these actions by reservists is simply revealing to america their globalist mind think .
ik was watching a outdoors hunting show in canada today .
looks to me they have every thing we have channel 604 on direct tv
you can be the ugliest black man in the world , and beautiful white women will worship you .
yet decent , good quality white men are now the biggest incels .
and these normie freaks wonder why we incels are going on shooting sprees and celebrating whenever evil women get slaughtered .
fucking scum , this society deserves to be destroyed .
it 's not just politics but a serious hit to canada 's economy if the twinning of the   pipeline does n't go ahead .
trudeau will have to push it through for the good of the country .
if we ca n't get our natural resources to market - we 're hooped .
what do you call a mexicans first car ?
a john deere
too bad australia is n't a country that goes around cutting off clits and shit that needs the change
a man who profiled latinos , molested children , allowed a prisoner to die of thirst , treated people not even accused of a crime like prisoners 

 arizona , are you really that stupid ?
url - check / ocasio - cortez - resume/ maybe that 's why this hispanic woman   has you white trash morons   saturating your diapers with liquid feces ?
meanwhile , you conservative einsteins still ca n't figure out when to use " your / you're " or " their / there . "
my bitch go loko
these women are the future , racists be damned .
brown women rise ✊ 🏽 ✊ 🏽
rt @swayhasanswers : twerking is ghetto until white people do it .
hip hop culture is violent & amp ; dangerous until they want to profit of it .
ht&#8230 ;
never forget if hillary had won legions of third world migrants would have been imported the horrific crimes and social breakdown we see in germany would have been repeated in the us and women would have suffered the most maga trump
now you are getting it .
smile , gorgeous !
after my wife died i could n't look at women for 20 years 
 but when i got out of prison , it was totally worth it .
- /u / ducksyndrome
omg i would love to be your cock polishing slave as you pushed my head down to deep throat that giant black cock and humiliated and degraded me and my pathetic little white cock .
white men are definitely made to suck on black men , real men 's cocks , and to let them stuff their enormous cock heads and shafts into our assholes , tearing us up and leaving us with a gaping hole full of cum and it 's best if there 's a line of them so they can fuck me one after the other and use the last guys cum as lube .
any blacks in central mass hit me up asap
how many islam political ideology followers are also animal activists
they hit a state trooper head on .
and they were both illegals .
well , i do n't know if they were illegals , but they had illegal sounding names .
speaking of teaching lessons , i was happy to see the trump family , via their garb and reverent conduct ,   remind the pope that catholic culture is uniquely beautiful and respectful of human dignity .
i hope he takes the trumps ' example to heart , especially melania 's .
@money route what u whtte rat not scared ?
lol u typical deluded drug addict gay wedding product puxxy , 5foot 6 ?
lol that s u fccking whte rats , chinese average is 179 cm , the one of tallest in entire world , that s why yao ming is tallest nba players , while u merican rats especially whte rats are all born dwarfs , and u maericans are most useless pxxys everybody in world beat shat out of u in war , even somalian pirates with no guns , and come to china , face to face , i can beat sht out of u with my one hand
maybe because most of the laws ( especially in this state ) are anti - conservative christian .
plus , we are not the only ones .
how about prayer rooms for muslims ?
" interesting comprehension to interpret as 2016 chevrolet equinox " 

 another oxymoron from the captain .
i recall in just about every other comment the captain spews off some old link about the worst of the worst even though none of those apply to the current model year they are referring to in the articles .
but now someone brings up last years models and that is bad according to the captain and yet when he does it that 's ok .
the problem with you and all like you captain is your puke out so many radical and uninformed comments that you ca n't remember from one hour to the next what you have said .
you end up in a constant contradiction battle with yourself .
it 's entertaining but in the end it destroys the confidence of others in anything you print .
personally i think you have reduced yourself to a laughable entity because of it .
i was told not to enter a spanish school anymore .
when told what i was doing with the child , the correct answer was not " fingering a taco "
my theory : vanya being straight caused the apocalypse
mean iq beaner < number >
hoe behaviour when men think is cool acting humble when they biggest player
so which beaner is your favorite baseball player do you have a big poster of him hanging on your wall
< user > blatant lawlessness on the streets of n.y .
another example of dumb blasio the rest of these democrat cities anti police agenda safety is a priority to every citizen in a civilized society democrat agenda is sanctuary city < money > for saying illegal alien vote republican
@toysrgood guess what , the constitution does not defend you from being offended .
racists come in all colors so get over it .
too bad .
names do n't hurt so you can call white people racist all day , do n't care .
overused .
go find a safe space snowflake .
that is why trump 2020 will be a landslide
smoove criminal moonwalk on a hoe like michael
the gay neega has too many tats
that 's at least partially because a significant proportion of white violent criminals wear badges , and therefore are n't convicted of their numerous assaults , murders , robberies , rapes etc .
doc stats i saw were based on convictions .
take - home conclusion was that whites were three times more likely to commit violent sexual abuse of children than blacks , and five times more likely than latinos .
african artiste recognition master kg – skeleton moves south africa afro b – drogba joanna ivory coast sauti sol – melanin kenya king promise – cctv ghana dj maphoriza – iwalk ye phara south africa headies 2019
hope they keep getting hit fuck spics what has any spic or spook nation ever contributed to america besides leeches criminals and drugs
no need to tell me or anyone else to shut up or leave either , " buddy . "
do you need to trap to support your family ?
there 's nothing else you can do ?
good , bitch , u ai nt welcome either
fear of inflation is oversold .
if inflation increases , so will interest rates .
staying safe is safe .
stop trying to scare oldsters into equities when the stock markets have never been higher .
< user > in < number > yrs compassion to muslims has never worked the ungrateful refugees and terrorist prove it still has not changed but it would not be islam if it did
< user > < user > bro need to clean that white ass tongue 😭 😭 😭
correct but we all knew that , why is an article necessary ?
need details 

 how many jobs in " public service " ?
how many jobs in construction and services supporting the real estate bubble " false economy " ?
how many jobs are low tech minimum wage in food , retail and hospitality industry ?
how many high paying technical   jobs , in resources , manufacturing , technology ?
need details please
@gaywonk @youtube shut your faggot beaner ass up
funny , i never saw this much complaining about the electoral college until about a month ago ... could it be they just do n't like the winner , and if their own candidate had benefited instead they would be the group supporting it ?
there are no proofs of the existence of god .
anyone who has ever taken ( and passed ) a metaphysics class could tell you that .
but as you posted this-- >   " latinos are not a race .
they are also " white "   under my comment , rest assured i am non - hispanic white .
not that it matters   at all to me but just sayin'-
every door in this god damn building sounds like a dog squealing in pain when it closes and it gets me every time i hate it
ffs everthing is offensive to muslimes
i see the primitives in londonstahn has been given permission to fly the anti trump balloon over the caliphate .
sadly our once great capital city has fallen down to the status of a third world shyte hole .
where the county lines drugs gangs & islamic terrorists rule the streets
i used to break into the girls dorm and try to eat pussy and i 'm the bad guy ?
i 'm trying to make these ladies feel wonderful .
bent over with a big black dick in her asshole .
x - post from /r / tifu - tifu by completely ruining my life
" .. several pregnant women were denied bathroom breaks .. " " .. amazon says that they took into consideration and allowed extra breaks for pregnant women .. " these paraphrases offer interesting insight into the " gender pay gap " phenomenon .
pregnancy is among the top , if not the priamry , reason there appears to be a gender pay gap .
a small study recently revealed that trans women ( man to woman ) do n't suffer the same gap .
curious no ?
to me the solution is to stop taking in illegals refugees terrorists save that money that it socsts us for them to fix our countrys business everyone needs to get behind america first
chris pederson , much of what you said is false .
maybe instead of trying to bring up hillary clinton you could work on facts .
you would be the better for it .
we conservatives used to enjoy facts , now we whine about hillary ... sad
would the response be as positive if it was a male poster ?
to those who ca nt hold their shit and spoiled endgame you guys are retarded and jerks go die
ruben reyes , a federal judge in seattle ruled in favor of the states of washington and minnesota , which showed that they would be irreparably harmed and that they would likely succeed on the merits of their claim .
the claim was based on constitutional principles .
the ninth circuit upheld that ruling .
an explanation of why the executive order is unconstitutional follows .
trump himself must agree because he recently said he would be issuing a new executive order that would recognize the shortcomings that were identified by the ninth circuit .
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2017/02/05/why-trumps-refugee-order-is-unconstitutional-discrimination-on-the-basis-of-religion/?utm_term=.317f8c0e9891 
 https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/trump-says-hell-issue-a-new-executive-order-on-immigration-by-next-week/2017/02/16/4b65e7d6-f463-11e6-a9b0-ecee7ce475fc_story.html?utm_term=.c4a07ab091e5
final solution is what hitler and the nazis called the slaughter of millions of jews , gays , prostitutes , and sometimes homeless .
us lost 33 k jobs last month .
president barack obama held the record of longest streak of job creation ever .
it took donald trump just eight months to end that .
trump administration officials blame ex @whitehouse chief strategist stephen bannon for leaking tillerson “ moron ” comment .
sure , that explains everything .
devos defends trump : ' would a moron hire me ? '
like health care , trump 's plan for iran is to call for ending something that obama did and punt to congress with no possible replacement .
trump told hispanic crowd at the wh that “ you have ” a wonderful president in mexico .
does he think he ’s talking to mexican citizens ?
why ca n't puerto ricans watch he man and the masters of the universe ?
they do n't have the power .
manager of the year has nothing to do with the postseason , so he has a good chance .
he has brought back something that looks like sound baseball to this region .
i 'd take him over yost on my beloved royals all day .
funny how you say you miss me and want something but you still do n't make an effort .
sorry but i do n't have time for that ...
only solution to # kashmir issue is by establishing pro # indian people with firmness .
i.e. remove # article370 and create # panunkashmir for kp 's .
@chrungooaj @ankursharma_adv @shailaimaaima @satyankhajuria @neelakantha @prof_hariom @ikkjutt_jammu @savesabrimala @myplacenhistory
@ilhanmn we 're not racist , we do n't believe in incestuous marriage period .
all you play is a pigment card every 30 minutes .
our mission now is getting you home to somalia .
you lied & broke the law , after we opened our door to feed you , educate you , & care for your needs , nice thanks lady .
fuck you and fuck her
no but fr this is so gross and uncalled for she s literally just .
a japanese woman ?
it 's comical that you automatically classify me as a trump supporter simply because you do n't like what i say .
people like you do that quite often .
so what has the gasping old party learned since its ' autopsy ' of 2012 ( and 2008 ) - they continue to alienate women , blacks , latinos , asians and other minorities , millennials , lgbts , non - saber rattlers , people who care for our planet .
no republican can win the presidency with a constituency of old , angry , bible thumping white folks .
the votes simply are not there in today 's tumble of real world diversity   - one they refuse to acknowledge and embrace .
as for lisa , she is increasingly speaking to alaskans with a forked tongue while appeasing the gop and her campaign contributors .
disappointing .
you have to have wrongdoing before you can apply a penalty .
distaste is not enough .
why are we here , just to suffer ..... 
 incels ca n't reproduce because no one will have sex with us so we ca n't pass on our dna , employers will promote chads over incels because " he looks like a leader " so we ca n't really accomplish anything , so why are we here , is it all some cruel twisted joke .
i wish i had superpowers 
 would make me cope much beter having powers like flash or spider - man .
how do immigrant children communicate with their parents ?
cell phones
that because those tv students are jewish actors as is sheriff israel and the shooter himself the spic chick is just a spic
oh i know , that 's the point .
thankfully my girlfriend was fine with my transition but not all trans people are so fortunate and it 's really not anyone 's obligation .
i think the act of asking someone " hey if i transitioned would you still love me " and expecting them to just say yes is really making light of what transitioning actually is , what 's involved , etc etc and so on
pride month serves as a reminder of the obstacles those in the lgbtq have faced , and may continue to face .
it creates a sense of unity .
make £ 45 today # bookiebashing !
follow our easy instructions & amp ; start earning now see @ukbookiebash for # free sign up # workfromhome # rt
these 4 women are hate mongers and racists , they are actually bullying the dems .
members , they are scared of them , these women need to be spanked !
maga
i am hoping hillary and o think trump will not press charges so o dosent pardon her trumps new team can put that bitch and all the rest away
# findom goddess @goddess_ar wants your tributes .
contact her now , on your knees , money ready to send . #
paypig @rtp37 @rtfindom1
what is a mexican 's favourite sport ?
cross - country
this was a huge thing i struggled with when i was still a guy but i m glad its out in the open that bisexuality does nt only mean you like girls , guys and gamers equally
exactly how did obama perpetuate hate ?
by being elected ?
trump has called for exporting 11 million latinos .
he has lumped them together as rapists and criminals .
he has called for banning all muslims .
trump has insulted women for their looks .
yeah , obama is the hater , alright .
you 're smart for a mexican .
she needs to go back to canada and find a horny bull moose .
those are n't real men
you , o lord god of hosts , the god of israel , awake to punish all the nations ; do not be gracious to any who are treacherous in iniquity .
selah .
psalm 59:5 - url
and you know this how , exactly ?
there is certainly anecdotal evidence to suggest that seminaries have become hostile to priests who support tradition .
perhaps fr .
z 's experience is an example of that .
it would be charitable of you to entertain that possibility in his case .
but you seem to have made up your mind about him .
and as for any suggestion that a love of tradition makes a man unsuitable for the priesthood , that would depend upon a definition of suitability that is of very recent vintage and has a decidedly ideological tinge .
and let 's be honest : it has been decades since a love of traditional catholicism has been anything but a hindrance for a man entering upon the priesthood .
but somehow scores of men who had no business being in holy orders managed to slip through .
the church has barely begun to recover from this failure .
i would n't bring up the recent entrance standards of the seminaries if i were you : it 's poor salesmanship .
understandable i prefer the company of women over men but respect still has to be earned and worked for on both sides
imagine thinking you 're actually being oppressed when people are calling for other races to be exterminated with memes ...
< user > < user > who is to blame for letting in a majority male refugee population is it the government what branch who is in charge
the biggest suicide fuel is 
 knowing that i m a young adult , khhv , but people younger than me ( teenagers ... 16/17 ) are in relationships/ having sex .
when the blacks and hispanics vote en masse for hillary that is racism .
this next election is all about race .
whites have to vote for trump to balance the election .
so let 's not kid ourselves .
obama brought this on us .
as a canadian i 'd be happy to take any of these people into my country and my home .
set up ' authorized zones ' .
places where homeless have to go , put up tents or tarps while social services look for permanent solutions .
society should condone people squatting on public land permanently .
even pinky says she has no intention of ever leaving the boat harbor .
water , toilet facilities and trash bins need to be installed in any encampment and the state needs to regulate them , even the boat harbor .
those kids need to know that there are alternatives to that lifestyle .
... and they turned away able volunteers , willing to search .
" i wish ur crack mom aborted you " well guess what my " crack mom " might have been on drugs but she was n't a killer .
what kind of women would abort 9 children ?
she could n't take care of me but someone else did .
i 'm glad she let us live even though people told her not to .
url
you should once the travel advisory is lifted .
kashmiris are unparalleled in their hospitality .
yeah my mom went on about condemning gays and i said the same book literally demands stoning unmarried non - virgin women , and told her she 'd win this argument once i get stoned to death in town square
richschlosser , 

 i am not claiming that wind and solar energy will meet all of our energy needs now or in the near future .
i 'm confident that fossil fuels will be used as long as i am around .
however , when it comes to the generation of electricity , renewables are now , in some locations , the cheapest and most environmentally attractive option .
clearly solar will not works as well in canada as in the atacama desert .
however , even in the oil and gas rich persian gulf solar is now the cheapest way to generate electricity and this was not the case before 2016 .
in the uae , saudi arabia and so on solar is being rolled out to power air conditioning water desalination and so on .
china reached peak coal in 2014 and is increasing the % of electrical power generated by renewables every year .
the world is changing , too quickly for some and too slowly for others .
i appreciate your points .. i am following sask power 's efforts with the boundary dam project closely .
if @tabteamracing blue beat @eusc_sailing black in the final it 'd be a record - breaking 4th year @tabteamracing have won # busatrfinals !
the israeli prime minister says that he thinks this is a part of the growing anti - semitism in europe , but that statement is a part of the growing anti - scandianavism in israel !
we need to spread more videos around haman : wntube - youtube the white nationalist way ...
this story brings up memories watching movies from the nazi era .
the officer likely did what he has been told .
it comes to show that the seeds of hate and bias are very close under the surface .
sad
very , very scary .
best you never leave your room squirt .
it 's a scary world out there .
any second could be your last .
if i were an # ootd kinda woman i would totally drop one today .
my suburban mom game is unfuckwitable .
on a related note i challenge anyone to find a picture of a negroid or spic having created such a lovely structure as that sand castle does not exist can not be done it not a big thing that gets us here it the < number > million little things that burst the dam
nta .
you made a kind gesture to be inclusive .
he could have explained his feelings , but chose instead to say horrible things to you .
i 'm impressed by your graciousness and ca n't believe he 's still invited .
for what it 's worth , i have a few trans friends who were in wedding parties in the last year and all of them were thrilled by how inclusive the brides were . :)
congratulations on your wedding !
< user > these guys are like what if mad magazine spy vs spy were slow adult nazis
diversity > love   for * * a lot * * of people these days - as long as they are the ones not missing out on love .
happy pride month !
i 'm straight but still proud for you guys who finally overcame the " not so separation of church and state " government 👍 🏼
who cares what her tits look like if i stick it in her south pole .
did you actually go to this protest ?
report please !
how was the soup at the soup kitchen ?
what kind did they serve ?
the farms are hiring kids !
i feel like someone is sitting on my fucking chest
hey i got an idea lets wait for asians latinos and white people to create a worldwide company then complain that they wo nt give us an executive job without any education or self reliance we will call it racism then claim affirmative action
william maxey makes the argument equivalent to " do n't balance the budget on the backs of the poor . "
usually , we 're talking about taxation when we make that argument .
but the pfd is n't a form of taxation ; it 's a non - mandatory distribution of publicly - owned money .
i grant that it has been around long enough that many alaskan families have come to count on it .
but that would be an argument for phasing it out , not keeping it .
james johnson , public display of the symbols of nazism -- the eagles , the swastika -- is illegal in germany .
that does n't mean german wwii dead are simply not mentioned .
their military deaths , often with unit designations , are recorded on countless tombstones and private monuments .
there are a handful of public , though not government - sponsored , public monuments that celebrate the memories of some german war dead nonpolitically .
the simple fact is , the germans fought better than any force in the entire war , with the exception of the 442 regimental combat team .
the white bitch who killed her neighbor and thought he was an intruder was just convicted of murder score a million for the people a cop going behind bars
him : : hey what are you ?
me : : if you mean what nationality i am , i 'm mexican him : : there 's nothing wrong with that , as long as you parents are n't gardeners me : : him : : i 'm just kidding ...... you're sensitive about race !
i was pissed off .
john , you rock !
check out the subreddit that claims we're the hateful ones
sorry , i ca n't hear you over the sounds of the mexicans i m slaughrering
i agree , op .
we mtf ladies can kind of tend to dominate the trans conversation and i try to do my best to either advocate on behalf of our ftm brothers and nb siblings or just step aside altogether when it 's their turn to speak .
< user > < user > we need encouraging words this administration has made ameria one of the shithole countries please stop this insanity
deport 'em all , and build the wall .
even so , come , lord jesus !
send them back to where they came from .
send them back !
send them back !
cute girly fantasy football team names jnr college lesbians glee gay guy
everytime a nigger knocks up a welfare hoe the country goes just a tad further left everytime a mexican sneaks across the border the country goes just a tad further left
manager of the year has nothing to do with the postseason , so he has a good chance .
he has brought back something that looks like sound baseball to this region .
i 'd take him over yost on my beloved royals all day .
math algebra reason the work ethic the nuclear family all halloween costumes and all white people in general are racist so yes count me in metoo
this faggot knows how to suck cock! ... its throat is like a vacuum for this alpha 's huge 9x6.5 cock .
can you faggot say the same ? !
url
@trippy_spiffy ayyyyyyeeeeee my nigga back in the bitch
what a pig and all those ugly uneducated deplorables ... hahaha
a black man , hispanic , and indian man walk into a bar .
the bartender says ... get out
@browneyes124337 you go immigrate back to europe or africa .
take your grandparents too .
cause america is an immigrant country .
the only true americans are the native indians .
bye .
as far as budget shortfalls go , each community should pay the state or hire direct their own vpso or po .
they can charge property tax or sales tax to their residents to pay for it .
in anchorage and the valley we have to pay for our pd , i do n't see why those areas should get one for free ( on the states dime ) .
if the local village / town is worried about training then i 'm sure it would be easy enough for have the state provide training and have the community pay them back .
@iamkoshiek the saddest thing about this is that this account became so popular because so many south african black people are still so desperate for the attention & approval of white people .
url
like i care < tong > is bitching to a stupid beaner like me going to fix that nope good luck
@de positive mind , please !
am very intrigued but before i go ahead and reply your comment above : please answer me this , which part of the nigerian legislation has this woman breached ?
please give us section number so that i can look it up .
did you know that according to un human right act 1998 , this woman 's fundamental human right has been breached grossly ?
i wonder if amnesty international is seeing all these human right breaches coming out of nigeria in this dawn of social media era 🤔 🤔 🤔
one more point : the anti - headscarf campaign and the muslim snitch line might have cost harper another term , but trump 's anti - mexican rants and his pledge to inventory and evict muslims from his country have actually helped propel him to power .
so what are we left with ?
political policies in canada that seek to disenfranchise or outright criminalize the poor and muslims .... and a recently elected president who has pledged to do the same , but has thrown latin americans into the mix .
to someone on the " winning " side ( wealthy whites ) this may not look like fascism , but once a party 's political opposition are deprived of their rights , who 's left to stop you from doing whatever you want ?
i 'm a stubborn fiscal conservative .
i hate seeing tax money get wasted on any service that is n't absolutely necessary ... but i 'm not an idiot , and i 'm not about to stand by while an elected leader methodically eliminates the democratic rights of his opposition .
that 's bad for everyone .
america did n't have civilization before columbus taught them how to extract adrenochrome from babies
i stay away from shady people or try to that 's why i stay in my own castle alone and keep to my self&#127969;&#128058 ;
i 'm all for equality .
so fuck black people .
and fuck hispanic people .
and fuck muslims too .
and asians .
and indians .
and jews for that matter , fuck them .
and fuck this fat fuck in particular .
" lovely .
well done . "
is absolutely the only appropriate response to someone coming out .
that brown - jacket - nobody -meme is the most boring thing of this current year .
do nt fuck boys without rubbers duh
is there anything like this on the market today ?
smiling after such a tragedy our country is truly sick fuckin spic shooters
" interesting comprehension to interpret as 2016 chevrolet equinox " 

 another oxymoron from the captain .
i recall in just about every other comment the captain spews off some old link about the worst of the worst even though none of those apply to the current model year they are referring to in the articles .
but now someone brings up last years models and that is bad according to the captain and yet when he does it that 's ok .
the problem with you and all like you captain is your puke out so many radical and uninformed comments that you ca n't remember from one hour to the next what you have said .
you end up in a constant contradiction battle with yourself .
it 's entertaining but in the end it destroys the confidence of others in anything you print .
personally i think you have reduced yourself to a laughable entity because of it .
you meant " god hiding in plain sight ? "
note how quickly the left wing hate media site nbc goes to bashing white people and citing far left hate group splc in reaction to an armenian act of violence
to the article 's point of letting distribution of marijuana be in the hands of small business makes perfect sense and small business would be more successful than any large corporation in enforcing some form of societal standards .
but big government relates to big business not small business .
just look are our cell phone industry as a benchmark .
when spectrum was being divided up in the early 1990 's , the federal government felt the the big telcos were not as risky as smaller business entities .
look at our cell phone bills and service now compared to other western countries ; higher costs and lower service .
good luck gov of canada with your marijuana morals in the hands of big business .
the gasping old party ca n't win because they have alienated the vast majority of women , blacks , latinos , asians , millennials , lgbts , the poor - the list goes on .
and this continues despite the ' autopsy ' the party big wigs held years back that concluded the republican'ts must have a ' bigger tent . '
so much for that .
how shameful that murkowski , sullivan and young are all in for trump .
that is proof positive that they do n't listen to the people they are supposed to represent , and put party over all else .
they 'll own that for years and years .
pathetic .
let 's see , what would the party line response be .... 

 oh yeah :  

 " they should stop feeling entitled to our tax dollars and expecting the government to fix things for them , and they should go out and find a job , or move somewhere else where they can find a job .
they can send money home to their families like the illegal criminal hispanics and t*rr*rist muslims do .
after all , education and job training is n't a right and the rest of us should n't have to pay for it .
the local church should take care of them . "
i can only shake my head at the short - sightedness .
“ i hope trump is assassinated ! ” -
maria chappelle - nadal
trump scumbag former spic advisor just pushed for daca amnesty daca amnesty is war
the pen may be mightier than the sword , 

 but a sword wo nt leak in your pocket , ruining a good pair of trousers .
lgbt teachers need good coworkers friends school succeeds shirt url
that is the most racist piece of drivel i have read in quite some time .
it is exactly that kind of demeaning and   bigoted racial crappola that got trump elected .
please keep it up the next 4 years so he can have eight in office .
smh .
btw , you do realize he did better with blacks and latinos than any gop candidate in decades ?
yea , its all about those evil white devils .
twy :   we 're both too damn old to wrestle .
let 's just have lunch and talk about the weather .... oh , wait , with global warming ..... that 's taboo as well .
how about just talking about woodworking .... so far that one is safe .
cheers , gary crum
< user > nah he could be a hindu brown or a ching chong gookboy or a mexican derivative
so rescuers are going to rescue 12 thai boys stuck inside a cave holy hell that woman can fit all 12 of them !
@browneyes124337 you go immigrate back to europe or africa .
take your grandparents too .
cause america is an immigrant country .
the only true americans are the native indians .
bye .
you can trust the messenger yet still distrust the message . #
syria # airstrikes # trump # fridayfeeling
this why i hate when my guy friends catch feelings for me it make everything weird as hell after . & #
128580 ;
try el paso texas soo much mudd invasion that the river is the same color as those playing / crossing in it .. year round !
totally serious question : are you ok with black women dating white men ?
we just had a discussion about this at work how " racism " is easy to be against , but there is usually an issue for each person they have a problem with . "
interracial dating " ( especially one of their family ) was an issue for a couple people .
this is a trend that i have seen in many publications , not just the g&m. my understanding is that the push for the change came from the actresses themselves .
they felt that often their performances were under rated due to their gender .
they wanted to be accepted as artists and their sex should not be an issue .
give sling a 7 day free trial .
http://preventingbarnfires.com/
that sunset industry will be a hell of a lot bigger and more lucrative than anything else you 've got planned .
even bigger than welfare , marijuana , and safe injection sites ...
get rid of them , filthy illegals .
fuck off cortez
" a table of four teenagers was engrossed in talk , none of them fingering an iphone , texting , posting , checking voicemail , but looking each other in the face and speaking as young people in america used to do " .
recently , i was in a starbucks just outside of the university of oregon and all of the customers had their faces on their electronic devices .
not one of them had a book or was talking with anyone .
a whiteface shot and no riots in the street ?
i will tell you why .
most white people have the intelligence   that tells them not to riot , burn , protest , parade etc .
this info just out in today 's , 12.30.16 ,   rg paper .
in this country for 2016 .
imprisonment rates for whites ( 312 per 100,000 , unchanged over last year ) .
blacks ( 1,745 per 100,000 , down 4 % over last year ) , latinos ( 820 per 100,000 , down 5 % over last year ) .
what does the general public not understand   about black   people committing a majority   of the crimes .
motley , would love your comment ..............
so basically our troops are just protecting poppy fields .
fucking twitter done with that faggot dorsey
what do you call a mexican who knows how to swim ?
illegal
this american airline snafu was only supposed to last about a week then go away .
elise what on earth do you think your doing !
let it go for christ sake .
do n't you think american airlines has suffered enough ?
their first response was denying any wrongdoing .
im sure they feel that one weeks worth of bad publicity was penance enough .
you made your article out to be about poor airline service in general but without american leading the charge for marshal law i believe you would have picked another topic to write on .
damonte dodd 's snap rn has me fucking geeked this man is hammered ! & #
128514 ;
@ilhanmn we 're not racist , we do n't believe in incestuous marriage period .
all you play is a pigment card every 30 minutes .
our mission now is getting you home to somalia .
you lied & broke the law , after we opened our door to feed you , educate you , & care for your needs , nice thanks lady .
@darkskinntatted you ugly as hell so i 'm not gon argue with you .
rat face ass 😭 .
yo slut ass mama should 've swallowed 😩 url
what would you call a bunch of hispanics pushing a bus down the street ?
jail   break
hey guys please go here to help us send the mexicans back to mexico .
fuck my cock
what do you call it when an interracial couple gets paralyzed ?
mixed vegetables !
niggas will say they do nt approve of gay people on tik tok live then come on here and say fat uwu life is crazy url
someone up there in looney toons san fran do america a favor kill that fucking wetback murderer thanks
( march 2015 ) brock : you want my signature ?
vinnie mac : yes brock : i wrestle three minutes at mania 33 vinnie mac : well – brock : three minutes
so , tillerson is feeling overworked or what ?
secretary of state is a huge role with lots on the plate .
if you ca n't handle the responsibilities , all the responsibilities , time to find someone who can .
bitch bitch bitch .
super bitch
what do you get if you cross an african and a mexican ?
someone too lazy to steal .
looking to exchange nudes with anybody .
m / f / etc snap : tyroned396
the redskins is trending is there us teams also called the niggers spics kikes bitches or faggots asking for a friend
which seems more than enough to keep you occupied ?
he tries too hard and then pushes people away .
not that i m happy with both of them ( c )
@greggutfeld .@geraldorivera - would you consider this incendiary rhetoric , geraldo ? "
exterminating latinos " .
bitches love a < number > x < number > triptych
i do n't know why   all this fake media reaction to a possible russian interference .
first of all , every major country with the necessary means 's been doing it for years .
obama 's said so , blaming the chinese , koreans , israel , etc , at the same time americans spying even on friendly nations like germany , france , canada .
rest assure if the information would 've helped hillary to the presidency , none of this nonsense would been discussed , it 'll be a non issue for the progressive- socialist crowd .
for all we know , china 's the final culprit .
change the channel and let 's get to work .
why auto industry is in crises ?
http://pakistan.jobz.pk/category/cars-bikes/
i have never had cramps so bad in my fucking life . & #
128530 ;
these retards need adult supervision and psychiatric treatment see what happens when you pay the mentally retarded to form mobs but fear not cnn to the rescue they posted a detailed map showing where all the confederate monuments are located and you said they did not care they are evil doers
yes ... that is just like when evil , unscrupulous traders in the old west gave the american indians blankets ... but infected with smallpox .
yes ... offer free abortions in predominately black or latino neighborhoods to often poor people ... "yes !
free!" ... while all the time there appears to be a hidden agenda .
sorry , beautiful .
rt @lildurk _ : seem like dese bitches ai n't loyal
we are at meta payment systems / tci today from 11a until 130p .
we will be parked between the two buildings right along broadband ln .
we have to have different oscars .one for women , one for black , one for latinos , one for gays .
everybody are happy
it was mostly beaners and asians with the occasional nog
i registered to make comment but there appear to have a critical error , o dear .
search " white people " on twitter today if you 're unclear about the level of vitriolic hate people have for you and your culture 

 it reminds me that this is n't going to work out and they have to go
how long do chuck the schmuck and nancy his water carrier believe they will b in power as beaner illegals take over new york and san fran oops forgot they can not think liberals r stupid short sighted fools
i was told not to enter a spanish school anymore .
when told what i was doing with the child , the correct answer was not " fingering a taco "
black people are some of the best people i ’ve ever met anyone   who locks this is racist lmao
just heard on the news he had an empty bottle of fireball in the truck , hard to believe people still drink and drive 😦
how do jews use the state or any organizational position of power to bully those they choose into corruption and degeneracy start with congress i understand that they take leftist sometimes anti white positions at political rallies do you have specific examples
dey was in white robes , fuckin one another !
in the ass .
like a choo choo train
as i do so , this very very small woman glances up , glares at me , and says ' stupid ' .
why small lady ?
why are you calling me stupid ?
are you saying that shurtz 's action did n't offend any young black young people ? ? ?
hooey balooey .
fast and loose with this terminology realdealholyfield " your [ sic ] such a racist person . "
and you are waaaaaay off base with this : " you trump [ sic ] people are cowards . "
i do find your race baiting hatred of lawful americans despicable - no ,   make that deplorable - a basket full in fact .
what race is a illegal alien criminal realdealholyfield ?
in almost all latino / hispanic arrest cases , they are listed as white race .
there are only these choices - so which race is the ones trump supporters are racists against ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
1 ) white 
 2 ) black 
 3 ) asian / pacific islander or 
 4 ) native american / alaska native
so where is clooney moving to maybe he will move to poland they have not accepted muslim refugees on wait he is for open borders so why is he leaving the uk
in 2011 the justice department accused arpaio of profiling latinos and tried unsuccessfully to reach a settlement .
whe arpaio did n't cooperate , justice filed a lawsuit in 2012 .
in 2013 a federal judge ruled that arpaio had consistently violate the constitutional rights of latinos , and put a monitor on the sheriff 's activities .
in 2014 the same judge said his order had been mocked .
in 2016 , the same judge referred the case to criminal prosecution , and arpaio , defeated for reelection , was found guilty of criminal intent .
trump immediately pardoned arpaio in a signal to trump 's racist base .
previously , in 2007 , arpaio arrested two phoenix newspaper owners in their homes after they published an article truthfully reporting on a county subpoena issued to seize the newspaper readers ' internet browsing records .
the newspaper sued and won a judgement against the county of millions of dollars .
and here you are , still trash - talking obama .
do n't you have a brain ?
don227 , 
 you lost all credibility at " accusing all   mexicans of being rapists . "
fact , some   mexican come to commit criminal acts or rapes .
big difference .
the rest of your opinion , all the g&m false opinions you learnt to believe .
absolutely .
we the investor vultures have been waiting and watching for this for the past 2 years .
sitting on cash that will move in when the banks are desperate to dump assets they inherit from fore - closure and bankruptcy .
looking forward to the hollowing out of both toronto and vancouver when the economic tide drowns the real estate market .
when markets move past the affordable indexes of the ordinary incomes in canada it will always fail .
watch as both vancouver and toronto population hollow out as rent rates and mortgage rates are rejected .
key to winning big is waiting like an eagle over a salmon river .
easy to pick off the desperate spawners .
lol
so you 're saying high black and latino unemployment rates are because they 're all a bunch of unemployable criminals ?
and here i thought they were just americans displaced in favor of cheaper , more exploitable labor .
please help support nonbinary pride , add a # twibbon now !
url
i call my dick ; the smiler .
after you ride it , you wo n’t be able to feel your legs .
if u have facebook and do nt have 1k+ friends , its over for u
bro eat my penis
standing in a long line at the @sprint office for the second day in a row with a crappy @apple iphone that drops calls and does n't dial out !
the existing guideway was engineered to rail specifications , not roadway specifications .
you are obviously not an engineer .
the battle for brt , maglev or other rail technologies is lost at this point in the process .
the only available options design - wise are changing the route from dillingham boulevard to nimitz highway to reduce the costs of utility relocation and shortening the route to terminate at a more local point than middle street , for example chinatown .
big pun had a particularly bombastic and technically competent flow that morbidly obese spic could definitely rap too bad he was too much of a weak bitch to put down the fucking twinkies and lose the weight
so this is what the other half of trump supporters look and act like , the deplorable side of the family ... hillary might have a valid point ... #maga
a white male toddler needs to have its head smashed by a hammer because its a rapist 
 but every nigger and a spic can rape a newborn in the ass and be seen as a deity for it
the 3 most important positions to fund in society is police , fire and ems .
if you have ever had to call 911 for any reason you would understand what i am saying .
to get the best qualified personnel to fund those positions costs money .
if you do n't pay competitive wages , qualified people will opt out of public safety and enter the private sector so they can pay bills and raise families .
it is up to government leaders to make public safety a top priority .
if we can spend 1 trillion dollars on the failed war on drugs , locking non violent drug felons away in for profit prisons , then i think we have we have failed policy and that money should be redirected towards 911 first responders , and prevention and education programs .
also controlling out bloated military budget that grossly enriches private contractors , lobbyists and defense ceo 's should happen , and that money redirected towards municipal and county programs as mentioned above , rather than misdirected towards personal greed .
the sponsors should be helping the homeless in canada first .
well at least mulan is of asian descent , makes sense .
meanwhile in norway : ariel is apparently a black character .
misábadoconelartista miluskaeskenazi canta y baila i will always love you whitneyhouston en < user > 💃
for all you pro - daca replying to my posts ..... go ahead and deride me and my comments ! !
i have come in contact with many a daca hispanics .
i refuse to mentor illegals , i refuse to hire hispanics as i find them mentally inferior of low iq , who lack the intellectual curiosity one expects .
they only want to know if i can sponsor them for an h1 - b visa ! ! !
americans will never accept you ..... you will always be second class slimy lying , cheating thieves ...... as despicable as your parents ...
the iq map shows the average iq in cuba is about < number > so at best idiot bot trudeau has an iq of maybe < number > only slightly mildly retarded it shows in his statements actions
the white boy in my english class just yelled good morning shut up chad
whereas the latin is dumbed up ? ? ?
fun fact - by recycling just one glass bottle , the amount of energy that is being saved is enough to light a 100 watt bulb for four hours
this should make every white man blood boil our kiked establishment is literally handing off our women our most precious resource to foreign brown invaders wtf kind of clown world shit is this
hi someone please find them and have them deported to the bottom of the ocean thank u
there is a personal and directedness in her response ( in addition to the littleness of it ) , far different than making general statements about our response to god .
new single called freak bitch dropping < number > < number > it one of them jawns u keep on repeat on 🤟 🏾
< user > all you had to do was ask i got you my nigga
@mychalmassie @ilhanmn @ilhan ilhan , either assimilate into the customs and cultures of americans or remove yourself from office .
thus far , your actions show you 're on a mission to impose sharia law on america .
alert !
we will not allow you to get us even the tiniest bit pregnant with sharia .
so stop it now ! !
oh you mean these guys all jews vox said no jews are globalists is vox lying
i d say move out west were ever either b.c or alberta all white people in canada need to move out west so we can take the west back .
beyoncé has < number > albums in billboard < number > 😌 see when your the main bitch
muslims jews homosexuals transgenders blacks hispanics and all the other minorities in usa vote democrat even single women vote democrat the reason is hate for whitey and christianity the white man is the last person democrats want to vote for them the democrat party is very sick
< user > i heard the school shooter in fl wuz a coffee beaner and a baby dick suckin jew
< user > < user > fake news retard
liking someone is ghetto that ’ why ion like to do it
> this # pridemonth we celebrate the lgbtq community & generations of leaders , activists and allies who fought & marched to show the world that hatred will never defeat pride .
read my full statement here : url   in response to : none   author : nancy pelosi   time : sat jun 01 14:50:11 +0000 2019   location : none   via : coming soon !
media : none
omfg i dont want to be rude but i have no idea how to design characters its so funny and cute shjfgdv oloh .
any thoughts about the number of black on black killings ? ?
or black on white attacks ? ?
or the huge number of hispanic gangs , most illegal alien felons , that run huge areas of la , oakland ? ?
how about the number of honor killings in this country ? ?
any thoughts on the liberal run cities like chicago , detroit , dc , etc .
no ! !
why ? ?
because they are all liberal run cities , many for the past 50 + years , and liberals are no going to say a word to challenge minorities to get their act together - fact ! !
what about these parents ? ?
or do you what to blame that on the cbf , repubs , g. bush , or g. washington ! !
dishonest , lazy and clueless liberals .
there was an armed off - duty police officer working at the club who was both carrying a firearm and knew how to use it .
did n't make a difference .
swim in the swamp !
swim in the swamp !
looking for @22tcm    bar is open 🎼 🍺 🥃 😜    let 's get rowdy 😙
you will have many who do not agree with you .
i think we can do a great deal to reduce abortions by promoting contraceptives .
in fact , that is the optimal solution to the problem .
to do that , we need to have mandates that all health insurance includes contraceptives .
that includes health insurance of religious employers or service providers such as hospitals , universities , charities - you know , the little sisters of the poor types .
they should not have the right to a religious freedom that denies the same right to their employees - the employer should not be empowered to require or coerce an employee to live by faith rules the employee does not accept .
i also think that if " defense of the life of the fetus is a true value " , then there should be universal free health care for pregnant women and food / clothing / shelter for the woman while her body bears that fetal life .
the real trick is to figure out how to value the woman as an agent of her own life and the fetus .
life will fuck you over in the most inconvenient way and then expect you to pick up the pieces on your own .
no matter , your gender , culture , class , race or creed , love is for all and never discriminates !
we take mosque hit and runs very seriously but if you are a muslim migrant and plow into a load of pedestrians we will do our best to rule it an accident
reminder : trp is basically blue pill trash just reworded ...
when i read " calling all muslims terrorists or saying all mexicans are drug dealers and criminals " attributed to someone who did not actually say them , i think that some folks are " in desperate need of more education , common sense , humility , empathy , and critical thinking skills ! "
" just saw a trailer for # ghostinashell and they said " " you 've never seen anything like it " " .. bitch you dont know what da fuck ive seen ! ! "
" tifu by being overweight and unattractive at the gym at night " - or , how being male and unattractive makes people think you 're a creep or a threat .
@mistressjd so i guess you will stay single and never have sex with a man then ?
go back to cth , chapo fag .
we regret to inform you that your mother has aids and minorities are genetically less intelligent than whites .
thank you url
there are legitimate criticisms of valentine 's day , but " women have too much power on this day " is not one of them .
" but on most issues — whether it is immigration or the economy or national security — we rise and fall together . "
that simply is n't true .
the rich are rising , the middle class is barely holding its own , and the working class is falling .
this is what " corrodes the sense of solidarity " and " breeds suspicion , cynicism and distrust " .
unless we change how the economy works , the us is in big trouble .
tyt : we need to hold the mainstream media accountable also tyt : trans women have the right to choose !
it 's body it 's choice
suck his dick already bitch lmao
got ta fw a nigga that chase money instead of bitches when y all on bad terms
you would n't know a fact if it was up in you .
choose lower population .
be proud that the " white people " were the first to understand that life means global survival .
less people .
me , a new worker in a department store : : it looks like someone switched the tags on these shirts .
they 're not even the right brand .
an older , white coworker : : sometimes customers switch tags and put cheap prices on expensive clothes .
those mexicans do n't realize that the computers tell us the brands when we scan them .
they ca n't read the screens , you know .
i was shocked that she made so many racist assumptions about our store 's shoplifters .
the sickness is in you , self - loather .
you concluded " murder " in the early days of the shooting based on conjecture .
oddly , you think it has something to do with white people when the officer is latino .
can you tell us why ?
yes , you 're programmed with racial self - hatred .
that much is glaringly obvious by your racist bilge here .
there is zero proof that cops " target " black people .
that blacks get pulled over more is a correlation / causation fallacy .
the new jersey study showed it was because blacks were committing a higher rate of traffic infractions .
instead of rattling off narratives about " rich white men " and other pale bogeymen , learn to be critically - minded and stop blindly swallowing critical race theory narratives .
you 're parroting absolute crap , and you should be ashamed of yourself .
# justintruder , the # socialmedia purifier , on url : - racial slur   - hate speech   - personal abuse   gab links : url url url 🤓   @cbc @thecurrentcbc @cbctoronto @piya chattopadhyay url
2019 america is so retarded and gay 😖
wow i seriously never realized that spic kids watch tv 🤔 i guess i always imagined them just smoking drugs making burritos and sleeping with their butts to the wall when uncle jose stumbles in wasted on taquila at < number > a m
terrorist do n't need guns to kill .
give them some box cutters , pressure cookers , or ryder vans and they 'll make due .
" guns do n't kill people , people kill people . "
it might be a saying that has lost its meaning over the years ,   but it really is that simple .
i do n't think either side of the gun debate has a fix to this problem that will work .
so many people in this world are so full of hate for so many reasons , and it 's that hate that is the problem .
pass all the laws you want , take away freedoms , monitor , ban , whatever , all that is really accomplished is that the average persons life is less enjoyable before the next tragedy .
grey hairs come to us in our old age .
or wisdom for those who are sage .
they come too in a hurry 
 when we overly worry .
just relax as you turn the next page .
sounds like someone that is mentally ill .
so a " real " feminist in your oh , so mra point of view , would force another woman to dress in a manner she does n't want to ?
face it , men need to control women .
whether it 's forcing them to wear a burka against their will , or to rip the burka she chooses to wear from her body .
not a sin , homophobia in islam is .
masturbate to traps i must .
a company is working on making bullets that plant flowers from the shell casings ... this is good news because now inner city schools can finally have gardens
i 'm the realest nigga ever on god   takeoff the realest nigga ever offset the realest nigga ever   o n g o d # migogang
do n't be afraid to talk to your friends .
in experience , coming out as trans in a very conservative part of america , most teenagers are really accepting .
just be honest about your identity and what you want and your friends will probably support you !
who said that all mexicans or for that all illegals were robbers and murderers ?
i do say all that cross our borders illegal are by definition criminals .
also , who said that all the people who cross a border illegally are mexicans ?
that is more the assumption made by the criminal supporters like you .
there are quite a few people that are in the country illegally from just about every country in the world .
some would be legal if they had gone to ins first and claimed sanctuary status .
so why are you so racist as to assume i am just talking about mexicans or even latinos ?
i admit most of the problem seems to be the southern border , but there are improvements we can make on all of our ports of entry .
nobody wants to see president trump vs the rock in 2020 but the people does deserve this great epic rematch of all time wait for it .........................
man , you should totes use that argument with the 58 people that died today .
oops , i mean 59 .
do not forget to kill yourself
you 're right about pope francis being effectively complicit protecting the ' honor ' of the priesthood at the expense of the dignity of children raped by the clergy .
he is capable of turning this around by one dramatic gesture : expunging the pontifical secret from canon law .
kieran tapsell and others have argued this at length , persuasively and repeatedly here on the pages of ncr .
bishops can say sorry till they are blue in the face .
the apologies will take on congruence and credibility when the pope backs up his calls for sorry days by getting rid of the source of the even more scandalous dimension of the problem which is that the hierarchy of the catholic church is canonically forbidden to report paedophile clergy except in those very few civil jurisdictions in the world that require mandatory reporting .
i think pope francis still holds the arrogant view that it is all an ' anglo ' problem .
there will be an education when the paedophilia lid blows off asia , latin america and africa
a maid , a nanny and a whore walk into a bar .
the bartender says " god damn it guadalupe you 're suppose to be cleaning my house not out drinking ! "
@blackrepublican how long after the name change will al memorabilia w / redskins name be deemed racist and therby illegal ?
the fact that the company that bought the satellite communications firm in vancouver , as well as the elder care company as well , are both " banned " ( or essentially told they would be scrutinized to the point of exclusion ) from transactions in other western countries were given a free pass by trudeau / the liberals is absolutely inexcusable .
< user > this is a islamic handle
a black man and a mexican jump from a tree which one lands first ?
neither , one is still hanging there and the other is trimming the limbs .
i wish there was a documentary on mel 's chili from alice
need to evac all the smart whitey 's first then drop a couple nukes
i know absolutely no one on a personal level that lives in florida 

 having said that , i am thinking of you , sending all of you my thoughts and prayers for health and safety through what will undoubtedly be a very trying time over the next few months 

 look out for each other 

 good luck and godspeed !
i completely understand your view point , it 's 100 % okay to celebrate bi women loving women and people have preferences for women which is also perfectly okay ...   but it 's just all this focus on women and how beautiful and perfect they are and other stuff honestly leaves many guys not feeling good enough and even icky in comparison .
i know you bi women have to face a lot of shit , i 'm not having a go at any of you it 's just as a bi dude i sorta want my little view point on the situation understanding ... no hard feelings ?
my aunt is principal in high school and kicked an non - white girl from the school for bad behavior .
" beta ca n't reproduce " " top 4 quintiles attractive women will go for alphas , while betas stuck with ugly women " i did n't know women 's fertility to be based on their appearance .
i can not stand straight white women who think women ’ only purpose is to birth children
lol < user > ‍ is a bitch
no they need to hate on their own race us whites need to condemn other ehites who murder for racial reasons and blacks need to accept the same eith their inner city problems and shootings .
" where the population is majority latino , black and democrat mr. trump has been slow acting , ... " 
 was he slow acting ?
houston area and harris county is heavily democrat and went for hillary .
when you guys come up with a lie , at least make it a more believable one , not some pathetic race baiting rant .
my sister is mad as hell we haf to watch huck getting shot twice ! ! !
who does that ? ? #
scandal
a few times i ve been told to make kids .
i said i have no one to make them with .
now i have someone but we do not feel ready to have kids .
i belive in quality over quantity .
so we would have maybe 2 to 4 .
another gay hispanic , so usual .
fuck off and die .
you know ull get in due to aa , so suck my small chinese cock .
what do you call a mexican fighting a catholic priest ?
alien vs predator
i ca n't think about rikers w / out thinking about kalief browder , and it crushes me every time . …
https://t.co/5g0bx9qmfe
just ate 12 nuggets and a potato loaded in cheese and i 'm still fucking hungry
ratko mladic defended his people from moslem jihadist in bosnia he put on trial why are not the saudi who funded the terrorist being bought to justice or bill clinton his side kick tony blair for bombing civilian in serbia
what 's black and does n't work ?
patrick swayze 's pancreas .
@msf @msf_usa more heroes : the doctors fighting us immigration agents trying to disturb and hurt migrants , some of them pregnant , while they are hospitalized .
url
< user > if you were the police officer getting off duty and thinking anyone black or white was in your apartment and they all look identical like a hotel and for that moment you drew your gun for self defense would you want to be charged with murder or manslaughter
< user > you are not white bitch
lmao what a shitty roast .
is that all you could find ?
at least i 'm not a sterotypical morbidly obese american lesbian trying to prove herself to internet strangers by showing off cigars and whiskey constantly .
i 'd rather be depressed .
there are not " countless " men and women walking around naked .
but they sure seem to catch the eye of critics ! !
trump makes them strip off their masks but is this a case of trump pushing them to the left on they are simply of the left controlled opposition bill c said the same things as trump about immigration but the only wetback he wanted deported was elian gonzales
< user > most of us are descendants of legal immigrants this battle has nothing to do with legal immigrants it ’ about illegal immigrants
my mama told me it wrong to hate people so i just want you all to know i do not hate jews niggers faggots dykes fat bitch feminest cucks ragheads or illegals but i really really really fucking dislike them they should all die of ghoneria and rot in hell
and you forgot to add white .
which is why you do n't believe his neighbors , because they are hispanic .
nothing coincidental that he murdered 3 hispanics .
move along now .
hate crime pure and simple .
i m gon na rt lesbian porn so yea
do you deny the white supremacists want to be rid of anyone not just like them , and that they believe the deaths of jews , blacks , and latinos would be just fine ?
you are absolutely correct .
that 's why whiteys have narrow nostrils , breathing cold air .
blue eyes developed when the humanoid had to keep his clothes on , from the cold , and only the face showed .
the vitamin d can not get through brown eyes .
i was n't making a point , just stateing facts .
i 'm sorry i 'm proud of my race , we 're not perfect , and neither am i. but w/ black pride running wild , la raza celebrating mexico after illegally immigrating , and asians getting good educations and good jobs , i thought i might dare say something positive about my race .
but , that did n't float , do n't ever say something positive about the white race , publicly .
we 're bad ! ! ! !
racists in denton 🤷 🏽 ‍ ♀ ️ 😂 never thought i d see it but here we are i got called a nigger at home depot 😅 not just once but multiple times
only in mens tennis because women hate each other they would never do such things lmao
my family so fucking ghetto n slow i got ta dumb down what i be trying to say so they can understand 😂 😂 😂 i love them
i need to figure out a better grinding spot .
stofler is actually really good but almost fucking nobody goes there .
they can not get the job done in alaska or washington with seniority .
we elect the same people and expect different results .
i am tired and frustrated of our leaders .
where are the statesmen ? ? ? ? ?
citizen legislators and not lifetime politicians are what we need .
i 'm not apart of the lgbtq+ community but i have friends who are which means that i will always love and support the pride movement .
❤ ️ 🏳 ️‍ 🌈
the last true bastion of bipartisanship is criticizing the black muslim refugee congresswoman
more cultural appropriation , are pocs so creatively bankrupt they ca nt come up with their own ideas ?
greetings .... enough of the chit chat dear fathers of the church !
get on with the reforms promised after vatican ii ..... the laity is waiting to be included in more inclusive decision making , such as   picking the bishops , liturgical reforms , and spending of monies collected !
the double standard between the men and women is something i 've also picked up .
could you imagine if a guy bragged about banging a girl he did nt pick four times ..... smdh
alright i officially declare my old lady chink acupuncturist a protected citizen in the new white state that bitch is magic
lmao i thought they already did this on the history channel look goys jesus wasn t a white guy with blonde hair but a sand nigger mexican
" rt @nonmomjenelle : jenelle would rather get fucked up on a boat with tori than spend a day with her " " blended family " " # nonmom # drugsoverhugs "
jt ghetto fine
starting to sound like there are many weinstein 's in hollywood that make male and female actors do very bad things to land gigs .
i know there women who lie about getting raped but when there proof how tf can you justify that cause it your boy you all niggas are real life weirdos you all mothers should of never birthed you all forreal mal paridos
your anecdotal " evidence " is fruit - less , bares no reference as to exactly why you feel this way and offers no solutions to any of the problems you might feel justify your statement .
your assumptions will likely get the best of you one day and i hope for your sake you wise up and learn to look at things from other angles than just your perspective .
white guy it a witch hunt white guy they are a lynch mob white guy in that country they throw faggots off of rooftops
chuck the cuck nellis bad mouthed trump often on twitter while supporting spik cuban ted cruz jewed up ass now he on gab saying how great trump did his 1 st year and knocking liberals he is a liberal shit himself dam cuck
what ’s the difference between a mexican and a bench ?
a bench can support a family
< user > i never said madge music all sounded the same my point was that stans especially white gays lack knowledge of r b its different subgenres as evident by the original tweet my point is stan twitter can bever see experimentation in r b bc y all do not know anything about it
dr. stevens , have to disagree .
i am glad that you were able to treat that woman and she is apparently doing well today .
but can you say the same for all your patients ?
have all your patients been saved ?
i doubt it .
it still comes down to who should be making these decisions ?
the individual or the government .
i believe the individual should have the final say .
this law should be passed .
fact is very few will actually use it but the comfort that it brings knowing that one has the option , is worth it .
blackpill they are still having babies someone call bill gates operation sterilize the beaners has failed
females say niggas ain shit and go try fw another female when whole time they not shit neither 😂 now you mad at fingers
only nazis would charge < number > bucks for a tee shirt
looks like a nigger with their typical retarded haircuts
it be the unbothered bitches that be knowing everything you post 😭 😭 😭
" my belief is that israel and islamic state have a tacit truce . "
isis has n't attacked the palestinians .
by your logic , are they in cahoots as well ?
how about canada ?
there has been no isis attacks since trudeau took office .
is there a tacit understanding ?
hillary to degenerate one dyke to another
try to forget about the liberals for a moment , and ask yourself how many balanced budgets the harper tories delivered .
the article mixes up several issues .
not only is dollar - cost averaging involved , but also the issue of regular investing and starting investing at an early age .
there is also no mention of whether they are planning on buying a home , in which case investing inside an rrsp may lock up much - needed downpayment money .
congrats you 're a subhuman pussy bitch in a car
[ x - post /r / getmotivated ] felt like it should belong here .
yeah me too yeah you too yeah you bash blacks too and the chinks and the j00s dindu nuffins hindu muffins spics micks wops sand niggers who cares humans talk that s what we do so we should go kill each other please
& gt;tfw girls with social anxiety and boyfriend 
 how ?
serb atrocities in srebrenica were pure evil not seen in europe since the days of nazi germany .
the serbian people need to come to terms with the crimes against humanity that were committed by their countrymen and engineered by their government with the support of   large parts of the serb populace .
they need to renounce the evil that was committed and bring to justice those directly involved in the murder of thousands of people .
the highest poverty rates in the south come from blacks and hispanics , and therein the subsidies you say you 're sick of paying for .
your ignorance promotes a racist agenda .
+ jessica n i do n't think you are a fit to be a parent , if you get pregnant you should abort your child .
port a " pot"ty !
i just bought a new ring in february but i want another ring & # 128532 ; i have the money but this is a bad addiction .
i used to hate rings omg
fucking kike wannabe minority
kristin kelly has been working collaboratively on affordable housing , transportation and public health issues long before sam low was on the council .
kristin is a coalition builder and has proven her ability to bring together hundreds of people and important stakeholders on important issues that affect snohomish county residents ' quality of life , not just with land use and our environment , but in social equity , affordable housing , public health , food safety , our children 's future , and fairness .
she formed the livable snohomish county coalition bringing neighborhood groups together to meet and communicate with each other on important county issues , and hosted 5 summits on a variety of issues .
she is well - respected by other leaders in our community , by the tribes , by farmers , by hard - working people who want to protect air and water quality for their kids !
she has helped my group and other groups throughout snohomish county .
i encourage you to visit her website at www.kellyforcouncil.info
i fucking hate you and i mean it
make iran great again! ... get rid of the radical islam regime !
the spanish are disabled ... mentally disabled .
such trash .
i have to laugh at you .
so you believe that planned parenthood ignores serving 60 % of poor people , and serves only poor blacks and hispanics .
really ?
our nation 's largest women 's reproductive health organization is ignoring 60 % of women in need of health care and affordable contraception ?
you really believe that ?
fine , but here you are trying to convince others of what you believe is the truth , without an ounce of proof .
without proof that planned parenthood is ignoring all the poor white mothers and serving only black and hispanic women , you wo n't convince me or anyone else with a functioning brain and a dose of common sense that you know what you 're talking about .
here 's at :   " they are preying on poor people , the largest portion who are minorities . "
two lies in one short sentence .
pp is serving women with services they want and need ; and the largest portion , a 60 % majority , of poor people are white .
you just ca n't get it right - your bigotry stands in the way .
u r such a fuckin hoe i love it u r such a fuckin hoe i love it u r such a fuckin hoe i love it ur boyfriend a dork mclovin
why does n't mexico have an olimpic team ?
all the ones who can run , jump or swim have allready crossed the border .
if nick the spic is white than i am a nigger jew
in the latino culture , like the arab culture , wife & child beating is normal .
better get used to & support it liberals , that is your base .
< user > yea a gay one
edgy bitch well no shot
that pussy ass nigga was from allen he should 've brought his punkass to west dallas , the grove or the cliff where there 's mexicans everywhere and see if he would 've left that hoe alive url
i rather take 5 freaking history classes then fucking math bro
the churches in my city are full of liberal school teachers .
fyi this episode did appear on pbskids.org .
i watched it with my son ; it was pretty cute .
kids live in a world where gay people get married , and that includes parents of their friends , aunts or uncles , and yes , even teachers .
it 's important to show children those relationships in media as a way to help them understand real life .
are you another of these " follow the hierarchy 's teachings , no matter how wrong they appear to you " fellows ?
i also find it quite disappointing and disingenuous ... that people / politicians have normalized the terrorist in the inner city , murdering in double digits every holiday weekend .
3,000 more us citizens have died in chicago than afganistan & iraq combined where 's the outrage ?
a crude drawing of a swastika on a wall with spraypaint will only make neutral people associate nazi 's with common lowlife scum .
boi said he 21 and bitches think he in hs still i 'm in tears
this money could have been used to take care of poor children or homeless in bc .
shameful !
+21trillion trillion only if you consider the fact : it 's arguable 15 % of the us white population has white supremacist leanings .
that means there 's about 30,000,000 .
if you subtract 50 % of which are mostly talk , that 's still a substantial long term threat that can not be ignored , nor taken lightly .
what ’s the difference between massacres and pornography ?
one gets me off , the other is porn .
i got banned from r / jokes ... they told me " do n't use nsfw material !
think of the children ! "
those mixed messages really messed with me .
< user > < user > < user > and he knows muslim countries are so selfish they do not care about anyone but themselves
if you shoot me you are attracted to any gender that you are not atracted to
completely nta .
you deserve to be who you are .
you are n't selfish for wanting to come out .
your parents chose to be parents , and the sacrifices they made for you are n't invalidated because you are gay .
come out to them when you are ready .
i hope things get easier for you .
good luck out there .
ion need yo pussy bitch i m on my own dick
so is margaret wente .
when you get home from work expecting to crawl back into bed with your man but he forgot to tell you he has work & # 128580 ;
what a bunch of bull .
how much money is spent on this crap ?
send back to where they came from .
these people come here illegally with nothing .
they are not imunized therefore bringing in tb , scabbies who knows what .
how many are gang members ?
i bet ms13 is recruiting as i type this .
all being paid for by our hard earned tax dollars .
what about the homeless american ?
trump and hilary are on a boat and it ’s sinking .
who lives ?
hilary because she is saved by the mexicans swimming over .
foreign did you note the shitskins with work visas censoring white americans republicans that just the shit workers ads sponsors and the use of secret filters oh boy election meddling and then some
peope are so sick , i seriously hate this one person with a passion , chat shit but get shitty bum in person ! !
@bratavio destroyed you ! ! !
people are making an interesting case irt libel and some things gg is saying about oapi , but honestly , my dance card is already full .
raising interest rates will do nothing to discourage offshore nationals who are driving this market .
they pay cash and are n't eligible for mortgages through domestic banks because they are foreigners .
oh woaw fansites from other groups have been hiding quality pictures that they took of got7 members until now
yup .
but should she also get a restraint order from a judge ?
at least this could get resolved at age 28 .
my stereotypical overage pothead still living in his parents basement brother had to be evicted , with locks changed and a no contact judge 's order , at age 60 .
our mother called my sister after our brothers live in girlfriend slugged her .
the girlfriend called police when she heard my sister was coming over .
when rcmp heard that she had hit our mother the girlfriend was told to pack up and leave .
he had persuaded our mother to assign him as the sole heir to her home .
that left us worried that they might pull a darren huenemann or atif rafay to speed up the inheritance .
bc estate law mandates an equal split among heirs but pothead probably did n't understand that .
he had somehow got the code for her bank card and had been raiding her reverse mortgage to pay for drugs for himself and the girlfriend .
sometimes you just have to pull the plug and disconnect from toxic relatives .
segregationist president who has dr. ben carson in his cabinet .
oooohkay .
you had your kleagle klansman robert byrd as senate president   pro tempore as recent as 2010 .
hillary gave your klansman high praise .
i like every mexican i 've ever met .. i can not say that of any of the russians i have ever met .. lets try deporting all the russians .. they are the un neccessary imports ... leave the mexicans alone ..
< user > < user > < user > there is a big difference between illegal immigrants and refugee all illegal immigrants should be thrown out regardless of their religion but refugee should be taken care of period
@caroanna @anthoknees i do n't have a problem with " guys " but i do n't speak for everyone .
just sharing one important perspective on the matter !
+ duck sauce that 's not what statistics show .
your racism and gary o 's politicizing this are a big part of the problem .
though he used crass expressions , bill kincaid is correct .
a great many shooters are angry white men , who are emboldened by the current occupant of the white house .
you might have a lot of money , but if you do n't have your own personality or are a shitty person , money can only get you so far .
patrick henry ‏ < user > 6 h < number > hours ago more democrats are placing illegal immigrants ahead of legal u.s .
citizens they are willing to hurt over < number > million legitimate citizens in order to give amnesty to a few hundred thousand illegal aliens democrats truly hate america
lena dunham poses nude to encourage people to love themselves more .
hmm .... nothing like unhealthy amounts of disgusting belly fat to make one feel good about one 's self !
🙄 # liberallogic    url url
i love your hairy pussy !
if you were riding my cock i 'd play with your tits 🤤 🤤
this is why we do n't let the normies into anime .
❌ dominated by men ❌ aimed at men url
i recently saw an adaptation of the wizard of oz in tijuana somewhere over the border , 
 raul climbs .
raul climbs over the border , 
 why , oh why , ca n’t i ?
< user > i fucking hate you ziad
the headline makes the oil sands seem like a sacred cow in alberta whose production can never be curtailed .
of course the oil sands will eventually be phased out .
market conditions will eventually make it uneconomical to operate .
when that happens , i hope there 's still money in the budget for proper remediation .
in fact , there may soon be a point where there is too much pipeline capacity   http://www.theglobeandmail.com/report-on-business/rob-commentary/is-canada-setting-itself-up-for-a-pipeline-glut/article33603108/
i hate you
what a positive move .
i doubt that the funds will be returned but the unravelling of corrupt history , and the focus on civil society as the victim , instead of jz and his blessed anc , will be very welcome ...
nude pictures of older women xl sex toys online sex chat sites top < number > celebrity boobs
respectfully gofastgo1 , i recently watched mr. burns vietnam documentary , especially since i no longer watch the nfl !
lol!~. what i truly enjoyed was the historical film footage itself , however the narrative confronted many issues that were present , but sadly they were defined by the narration that showed it 's bias .
i have a old 1800 's , 8 volume set of world history , given to me long ago after i got out of prison , by a old hungarian professor i came to know personally , he has long crossed over .
i read several passages years ago before boxing it up , as i have several books i delve into depending what i desire at the moment , and the light it cast on history is much different than what we see today .
mr. burns presenting the civil war today ( 30 years ago ) , or any other narrative , would also suffer the deration of time .
for it seems history when happening being recorded , the closer to the event itself , gives the best contrast of the era , as well as the event itself .
just my thought on it ...
a muslim is someone who follows or practices islam ; so if i 'm walking down the street how do you know you should ignore me ?
this whole kerfuffle has nothing to do with race and everything to do with some mis - guided attempt to keep the country safe .
it 's sad we are so easily distracted from the real problems we face .
how about this " scaffolding " : when someone shows up to talk , you listen , not throw soda cans filled with concrete , or bash people over the head with baseball bats studded with nails .
what 's the best part of being a mexican in the us ?
< allcaps > nothing , go back to mexico
black men prefer big banging ghetto blasters white men favour a more classy sleek silver surround sound systems scousers are fond of nicked car radios i just can not help stereo typing people
< user > maybe he was referring to young immigrants that he and his peso friends can molest after all muslims accept sex with children
ah yes let the oha wax eloquent regarding " addressing social determinants " whilst devoting its vast financial resources to ... wait for it ... increasing its riches .
.
comical indeed that the blame is laid at the door of the long dead inouye and managing what amounts to theme park .
.
to compound the tragedy the educational system focuses upon promulgating a mythical culture whist the people who created the culture suffer needlessly from a myriad of easily addressable ills .
.
in reality the plantation system lives on .
the only change is that the anglo - saxon names of the overseers have been replaced with " local " monikers .
bitches be trifling .
i would say a qualified yes if rehab was mandatory , wrap - around services are available , funding is guaranteed ( yea , right ) .
i just read an article where a civic leader does n't want siss attached to hospital as users / addicts will feel imposed upon ( ? ? ? ? ) .
i just read another article that likened siss to hospice , where the client is expected to die and then go on from there .
well , that would n't be helpful .
the best thing to do for users / addicts is to cut off illegal supply .
users / addicts would then have no choice but to detox and perhaps rehab .
the biggest danger for overdose is when supply is back on the streets .
users / addicts ' tolerance will be lowered and will overdose easily without realizing it .
< user > calling a thing a thing does not make it a thing it just makes you look retarded
< number > we all know how fear and security take over common sense civility objectivity trump seems to be afraid of everyone women democrats immigrants homeless people in turn they fear him to the point where threat of civil war or being executed for treason are believable
here is a joke that wo n't offend anybody
" what idiot called it " " campaigning " " instead of " " nursery " " ? "
the federal reserve just indicated that they will be raising rates next month , so get ready for a $ 0.50 loonie .
< number > < number > the escalating violence practiced by russian forces has had the largest impact in terms of exodus and forced displacement as russian attacks in parallel with the attacks carried out by the syrian iranian alliance have resulted
i just want a needy sub to grind against my leg for pleasure so i can tease her and tell her how she s my pathetic slut
if you are # ados , please stop calling yourself a person of color .
you have a distinct lineage and should n't lump your experience with others who do n't have a clue about being a black america in this country for centuries .
this so called : black monday " march was for all farmers , and their workforce - black and white !
a racist act in this country is anything in which white people take part .
please note fellow south africans , we have seen in zimbabwe what happens when farmers are murdered and forced off the land - hunger and poverty results !
speak to the people on the ground , people in rural area 's , people in all walks of life .
everyone is fed up with escalating crime , corruption and downright theft by the leaders of this country .
all this seems ok as long as there are no whites benefitting .
where does the real racism lie in this country ?
think about it and then go on pointing fingers at whites .
would any white person walk in a black neighbourhood at night and live ?
is this the same for a black person in a white neighbourhood ?
stop bluffing yourselves , i have many good black friends , believe me , they also see these things .
smile , gorgeous !
i wish blaire was a mainstream as laverne cox .
blaire is the lbgt voice that i 've longed for in media .
she just gets it , she gets us .
apparently none of them realize that thousands of latinos , blacks , asians , lgbt 's , and other minorities , including more tha 50 % of the women voted for trump .
poor little snowflakes , luckily it 's cold outside or they would melt .
but hey spring will be here soon enough .
i saw mexican having a heat stroke yesterday .
i hope throwing ice help him .
why is your white ass in my black business you re white
r :   " great many high paying ...... " .
look at the date .
there are some in oil , construction and professional business .
but not very many .
the majority of non - resident employees are seasonal workers in the fish processing and hospitality services industries and do not make enough to pay an income tax .
tillerson is a globalist i was surprised he was ever hired he likes having queers in the boy scouts
she is a motherfucking bad bitch and that 's on period .
url
we should celebrate 4/20 it ’s the day that the man who killed hitler was born .
abortion illegal aliens open borders food stamps gay marriage etc etc all found in the constitution the right to bear arms not so much all libtards should be gassed democrat doug jones the second amendment has limitations breitbart news
looking at trump 's appointments till now is not conducive to any cooperation from anyone .
his appointees are the extremist fringe who are famous for their off - the - wall quotes in the past , and their friendliness ( and business dealings ) with russia .
even traditional republicans are getting worried about what is happening with the appointments and with candidate trump 's behavior as president - elect .
i do n't see any light at the end of the tunnel .
diversity is our strength
most whites adapt pretty easy to being a minority as long as the new majority are not violent idiots like blacks whites flee becoming a minority to blacks but they just accept becoming minorities to asians and hispanics
what 's the most common symptom of germaphobia ?
mild racism
i 've seen on the web he is making a new horror film called ` ` it waits '' but ca nt find that much about it
turn that shithole 3rd world country mexico into a parking lot with a couple we 'll place nukes .
honestly , coming out with an ill thought out rant like this would see you dismissed as a crank in any meaningful debate .
i 'm fucked up , homie you fucked up but we gon na be aight ! !
funny how the people that go full retard lost their < number > minutes like < number > years ago even colin lost that < number > went full retard strange creatures these libtards
i am in redneck country right now and the decorations are a whole lot better than that tbh
hey i can say racial slurs on here nigger kike spic wop coon heeb sandnigger jew faggot homo your mom
i graduated from university high in irvine in the mid 7 0 i think the last time it was mostly white was maybe in the mid < number > or so all the vc got moved into garden grove and now almost all of oc is beaners and slopes
edgy bitch well no shot
why do law breaking illegal aliens have more say so in america than american citizens ?
mean joke .
< repeat > kinda the us president , the mexican president , and the japanese prime minister are on a plane .
it begins to lose altitude due to all its cargo .
the three men decide to throw things they do n't need .
the japanese prime minister throws off all of the sushi and says , " we have too much of these in our country " .
the mexican president throws all of the churros off the plane and says , " we have too many of these in our country " .
next , the us president picks up the mexican president and chucks him off the plane and says , " we have too many of these in our country " .
burn all the gays burn all non whites i am living for giving these niggers their due i m burnin i m burnin i m burnin a jew hitlerwasright
< number > madison heights michigan warren said she will give amnesty to all < number > to < number > million illegal aliens living in the country a move that would immediately drive up foreign competition in the labor market for america working and blue collar class warren said we need a
let straights straight and dykes dyke in peace and stop being such an academic fucking sissy show off about every damn thing you are not smart you are annoying sh
what do you do when you find an illegal immigrant who has a fever ?
apply ice .
< user > if she come we in there bitch
when you go to the grocery store , shop around the edges because that 's where you can find fresh produce , dairy , proteins and exits for when a white supremacist enters with an assault rifle to kill you in cold blood .
i hope my partner & amp ; i are the best fucking parents in the world no matter what because nothing should be more important than your kids .
the biggest normie cope of the day - part i 
 # use rejection for motivation .
@blackrepublican how long after the name change will al memorabilia w / redskins name be deemed racist and therby illegal ?
as a fellow mexican / colombian apart of the latino / latina / latinx community i do nt want this puta and she is not accepted in my community , i 'm passing this bitch onto the north pole and the polar bears can eat her dumbass
thanks , that was very helpful .
so who else is " inferior " to your kind in the global human hierarchy ?
lazy latinos ?
crooked jews ?
shifty asians ?
backward arabs ?
please educate us .
everyone is aware trump has the right to say things such as of a female journalist , " there was blood coming out of her wherever " or his reference to clinton 's visit to the restroom during the debates as " too disgusting " or when he said about latinos " they 're rapists , " they are simply questioning his judgement and fitness for the highest office in the nation due to his willingness to defame and denigrate entire groups of his fellow citizens based on their ethnicity , religion or sex for the purpose of gaining votes .
there are de jure and de facto limits to free speech : you ca n't yell " fire " in a crowded theater without risking arrest and you ca n't call someone " nigg*r " or " c*unt " without risking injury in many cases .
trump wo n't be arrested of course , he 'll just be put out to some pasture where hideous , old , shriveled , small - handed tycoons belong .
he 's promised not to show his face again after losing .
for the good of the country , let 's hold him to that .
i 'm in this boat with my family .
not only are you nta but ( surprise ! )
coming out is your choice .
it empowers some people , but it can burden others .
i 've come out to certain family members but never plan on coming out to the rest of my family because it 's too much effort to do that with people who i know wo nt respect or understand it .
you do you dude .
nobody else in the world would call any hispanick " white " .
liberals know it makes hispanicks feel proud to refer to them as " white " and hillary clinton as " non - hispanick white " .
but when you deport a hispanick , they then claim we are doing it because we do n't want " non whites in the usa " .
takes a lot for the botelho family to forgive .
only way for them to move on .
collins is in jail and will serve his sentence .
the people who count the most are moving on , so should everyone else .
bless the botelhos .
shocked !
6 % maybe , but 16 ?
never !
the future of the catholic church in this country is becoming more and more hispanic .
that is one of the reasons so many white catholics jumped on trump 's racist bandwagon .
" believe me , she would not be my first choice , " trump said of jessica leeds , " 

 welcome to the junior high mind of dumb dumb donald .
< user > i would also say that not too bad considering the country got raped by the us
since you live in colorado and have kid(s ) i would hope you purchase a yearly pass for $ 80 with the intent of taking your off spring to national parks more than once a year .
even four visits to a park each year makes that pass a bargain .
it is about the same as the just the ticket " service " fees on four seats to frozen .
and you do n't have to pay $ 20 to park in the parks .
r :   " great many high paying ...... " .
look at the date .
there are some in oil , construction and professional business .
but not very many .
the majority of non - resident employees are seasonal workers in the fish processing and hospitality services industries and do not make enough to pay an income tax .
" it can be enlightening while overseas to adapt a habit of talking less and listening more . "
actually , it can be enlightening to develop that habit locally as well .
here , the author despises trump , and she is more interested in telling her german friends and us about it then finding out why trump is so appealing .
hint : it 's not hatred for mexicans , muslims , or women .
she would be well served to listen to our advice that she listen more .
i have never been embarrassed to be an american , or an oregonian , even with clowns like obama , kulongoski , kitzhaber , and kate brown in positions of power .
alright .
start shooting them with beanbag guns and sending in ice and let the deportations begin .
ok , if you re talking about a band then this we can work with.the colors and design i do this for around 60 dollars.but like i said i need to wait till my new needles and colors come in .
no do not lie these shithole are great places for niggers and spics and arabs to live they all will be happy together without wypipo
i know both and who cares if they are born into wealth i also will not be showing a mongrel wetback my taxes so we will never know if you are making more than me cultural appropriation is never pretty on brownies
do n't bring them out in public , then .
others should n't have to be burdened because some woman decided to breed .
why do white people have such a pleasant scent ?
so blind people can distinguish them from animals too .
they can still serve halal food but not with arabic writing .
url
i hope that inbred , mentally disturbed terrorist bitch goes to prison .
yeah , i said it .
url
what does shooting pool and mexicans have in common ?
the harder you hit , the better the english .
diversity is our strength
can the feds raid the north shore sweeping up and deporting the hundreds of brazilians and mexicans who illegally live there and make a living off the books , primarily by selling drugs until they can find a desperate american female to marry ?
i wonder what they will name after jordan pape ' ? ?
post shootings liberals ban guns post terror attacks let let in more muslim refugees
his supporters with racist aliases .
mexicans are rapists .
ban muslims .
trump is definitely increasing employment in the usa even if it is just for lawyers .
speakfreely gabfam hey ladies i want all of us to be safe we are surrounded by fucking nut jobs being able to protect ourselves is important get a gun learn krav maga learn how to escape being attacked carry batteries in a sock learned that from ghetto girls be safe
@moh_alhouthi mohammed ali al - houthi : the uae 's message from iran is a positive message
jontron is a fucking scumbag
what is a mexican 's favourite sport ?
cross - country
ca n't get behind these america hating cunts ...
i think they are going to have to do a better job of trying to show where the ' bias ' is in these sat 's .
immigrants wanting to live in our country need to understand < number > important thing assimilate or leave ❗ learn to speak english we desperately needs to shut down the over < number > mosques we now have thanks to obama compared to the < number > only < number > yrs ago pre obama how many terrorists are hiding under religion
coke white bitches
i do not lilke the refugee stuff it will come back to bite oz in the ass let them stand and fight
my notifications are full of man tears !
i thought i was going to have to wait till christmas !
thank you baby jesus ! ! !
the real # wrestlemania streak that ended tonight was @therock 's 6 straight mania appearances . #
busybusy
" not , " " is n't it fucked up 20 - somethings are taking on mortgage sized student loans while professors working 60 hours a week ca n't make rent ? " " "
should we also have to pass a test to exercise the other nine amendments in the bill of rights ?
nuke the border area , nuke algeria , nuke morocco , nuke the un
this will get out of hand .
when will we be erasing martin luther king from our history because he opposed gay marriage ?
when will we destroy all of picaso 's   paintings because he brutally beat all four of his wives ?
this idiotic trend will go beyond politics and american history , it will also effect the arts and entertainment .
what a strong and powerful way of coming out !
a look at : splc on men 's rights activists : plenty of hatred towards women
i can partially understand the way you feel because of trump , but the veil is pulled too far over your eyes if you think the dnc cares about you and your family .
i do n't understand how clinton 's pandering does n't disgust you , did you forget about the scripted ' how lazy black people are ' joke that clinton and deblasio acted out during their fundraiser , joking about ' colored people time ' .
hillary even has the guts to minimize the achievements of the great dr. king .
clinton has a long , long track record of making comments which are anti - semitic , anti - black , anti - indian , anti - latino .... how is clinton and the dnc not racist in your eyes but the gop half of america is ?
i know that many racists exist but i think the dnc and msm have you fooled , which is what they are counting from america 's black community .
@kylekulinski we need more school shootings .
we need american soldiers to be decapitated .
the working class americans must also suffer alongside the rich elite american as the working class american are greedy racist white & mix race devils .
we need to start off by bombing american embassies .
that is because asians and whites are prejudiced and do not being laying up with ghetto rats well i am okay you are okay whitish liberal trust fund babies do not count
hi school is a zoo and suck i hate my school to but white trash is some one who is a race mixers or a w * * * * * * white power at all times
oc wo n't " disable " per se , but it does n't feel good at all .
you will still be able to function .
religion has nothing to do with it .
it 's all about staying alive , in that i prefer to .
if you want to call defending one 's self a cult , you have the right to that opinion , but that 's not going to stop me from exercising my right to defend myself .
nor will uaa .
i think you may be autistic .
i am pro homosexual ethnostate
seat belt laws are for a reason ... to tell ignorant people that not using seat belts kills innocent children & hapless dumbazz adults .
talk about stupid !
and once again ( as i see frequently on a daily basis ) , very few hispanics wear seat belts ... sorta like very few hispanics obey the immigration laws or respect our borders .
so now we have more dead people because of ignorance & thumbing their noses at the laws that are there to protect them & others .
how boneheaded & ignorant !
no , your posts have been ranting about white people and " white supremacy " over a case about a latino cop .
you cried " murder " and provided no evidence .
all you have done is parrot neo - marxist narratives which came from critical race theory circles .
you have serious racism issues .
i 'd love to see you rationalize how it 's racist to assume is a criminal for being black but it 's not racist to assume someone is being a racist if they 're white , or even a brown cop .
you have issues .
big time .
nothing new .
remember our " journalists " who were pitbulls during the hickel and murkowski adminstrations but were magically asleep at the wheel during the eight years in between when knowles was governor .
i wished i would have been here to read all about it-------for months and months hundreds of liberals   on here have been bragging clinton was going to be our next president and how trump had less than zero of a chance .
they bullied murkowski and sullivan to publicly denounce trump .
they even boasted alaska was going to become a blue state .
they claimed don young was done too .
well , early november morning was as sweet as it gets .
all you liberals remained in my thoughts as i gazed out on the beach 's of maui knowing even alaskan 's made the right choice .
trump will be great for alaska .
just wait   and see .
i 'll ask him not to punish murkowski and sullivan for being turn coats .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > the bible came before islam and the quran if i remember correctly
he mentioned the cankles too .
i said if nothing else , at least i never got those .
he told me i have nice legs & amp ; i died for like two days ..
the following is a list of the 26 orangoutangs comprising the honolulu zoo society .
recognize any elites ?
honolulu zoo society board of directors & officers : 

 paul dyson , president 
 kenneth kanter , vice president 
 ryan mukai , esq . ,
secretary 
 michael libertini , treasurer 
 jason ito , past president 

 board members : 
 randy aina 
 jennifer barrett 
 mary benson 
 sherry broder , esq .
jon bryan 
 keith demello 
 amy donn 
 rick egged 
 karen francis 
 kim hehir 
 melanie long 
 aimee lum 
 toni maehara 
 raymond noh 
 kathleen saulez 
 tara spagnoli 
 barry sullivan 
 aimee tadaki 
 caroline witherspoon 

 dr. baird fleming , honolulu zoo director 
 jennifer barrett , hzs interim executive director
rt @ivanrabago _ : @infamouscoryog @_whiteponyjr _ @eakaerick there 's only like one retarded fucking beaner that does and he 's a stupid ass ex&#8230 ;
< user > only reason islamists tweet this ridiculous stuff is because left loonies who are closet jihadis themselves support this ridiculous notion show me one muslim country where minorities are not being killed and women are not being caned or stoned in public
i call my dick ; the smiler .
after you ride it , you wo n’t be able to feel your legs .
reagan did a lot of good but i hate to say it his < number > amnesty of the first massive illegal beaner wave nullified all the good he did sure he may have spared the us a nuclear holocaust but he cursed it with a demographic hispanocaust
the self homophobia within you is stronger than the piss the cheeto swallowed
< user > < user > when i saw video of her family members walking in the courtroom they all looked like white supremacist klansmen especially the males they did not look like they were used to wearing suits they d be more comfortable in white robes
a man who profiled latinos , molested children , allowed a prisoner to die of thirst , treated people not even accused of a crime like prisoners 

 arizona , are you really that stupid ?
i completely understand your view point , it 's 100 % okay to celebrate bi women loving women and people have preferences for women which is also perfectly okay ...   but it 's just all this focus on women and how beautiful and perfect they are and other stuff honestly leaves many guys not feeling good enough and even icky in comparison .
i know you bi women have to face a lot of shit , i 'm not having a go at any of you it 's just as a bi dude i sorta want my little view point on the situation understanding ... no hard feelings ?
what you believe suggest we should stop using oil .
great , we should work towards that .
then we wo n't have to " close the tar sands " since they will close all on their own .
closing down one source of supply while demand continues to rise makes no sense whatsoever .
awfully coincidental that a loner white man openly expressed hatred for hispanics & then the only people he shoots end up being hispanic .
rip poor innocent victims of americans penchant for stupid gun violence .
muslims are responsible for the modern 0 - based math system , the world 's first hospitals , coffee , universities .
these are off the top of my head .
if you sincerely hold to your beliefs , stop using all of the above .
since i know you wo n't , go get an education instead you fuckwit .
i did n't say all brexiteers are racist - only some
you bet .... little petey 's city is a sanctuary city for illegals , so the mexican 's can ethnically cleanse the feral black thug culture .
little petey is a covert white liberal racist !
@girlguiding @mshelenwatts @girlguides we thank katie and stand in solidarity with her challenging   @girlguiding undermining safeguarding .
please support katie here , this is a landmark case for freedom of belief , women 's rights and the safeguarding of children .
url
pro life would include providing affordable healthcare to people and it would it not take food stamps from people , those who claim to be pro life are really just pro birth they do n’t give a damn once the child is born .
ex - friend : : i do n't like mexicans . [
turns to me ] oh , but not you ... you 're different .
me : : so you like me , just not my whole family ?
in a car with a mutual friend who stayed silent .
this made me feel disrespected and alone .
the flipside is those 70 % white students will do worse with ` ` teachers of color '' .
i 've seen this kid play he 's certainly the real deal
what do you call when america and mexico have a wall in between ?
waste sorting .
total weight : 30lbs .
fuck that heavy shit .
what do you get when you cross a mexican and a black person ?
someone who is too lazy to steal .
last night on tv i saw a man who has allegedly broken in the chief justice 's offices and stolen computers .
it is a complete joke .
you can see that the poor chap has been set up and the case will not go anywhere .
the " suspect " was even saying he is prepared to undergo any test to prove his innocence .
let us hope he will not die mysteriously so that the case would disappear with him .
what do you call a fight between a mexican and a child molester ?
alien vs predator
a real piece of work also bending over for the arabs metruth ausfam
mainstream liberal media were all stunned by trump 's victory in spite of their unceasing and relentless demonizing of trump as being a racist , a bigot , etc .
etc .
it appears that mainstream liberal journalists can not accept a presidency of donald trump ergo this so - called " racism " , one of the very thing to demonize trump during the election campaign .
but on the question - why did people vote for trump 

 simple :  
 ( 1 ) build the wall  
 ( 2 ) renegotiate trade agreements 
 ( 3 ) drain the swamp .
racism ?
how can one even think of racism when trump intends to tackle low income african - americans and latinos in inner cities in his " make america again " programs .
@trumpwarroom let 's build a wall around this terrorist center and then carpet bomb them .
< user > where is the diversity video full of white people trust me very painful for the minority very painful
< user > how bored they all look
most go to the bush to get their student loans forgiven , and after 3 years most have no intention of ever going back .
alaska does n't offer an easy transition to teaching , thanks to the nea .
if you are college educated and want to become a teacher guess what ?
2 years of college classes an an unpaid internship stand in the way of the state issuing you a teaching licence .
gab went down for < number > seconds the instant i called out fuentes for being a spic again sorry guys
is the glass half full or half empty ?
does n't matter , a few grams of that poison can kill you anyways .
a bunch of dudes use their penises to vacuum the jizz off of / out of the lady .
then they rub their dicks ' til they go soft , put their clothes back on , and walk out the house backwards .
this nazi should have died < number > yrs ago why is he still breathing
only white kids will get this dads
disgusting misuse of sjws in trollx today , the people questioning the authenticity were downvote spammed too ( first post here )
also you have plenty of company more and more each day since just about every mexican and moslem feels the same way you do so no loneliness for you awesome
all jews in senate there < number > who have dual citizenship it would be no whites or non jew in gov read protocols of the elders of zion
< user > if you can measure how well white families are doing it would be some shit like white < percent > blacks < percent > hispanic < percent > you should not be focused on whites doing better the problem is not white privilege it colored un privilege
dd is becoming a great # cajun chef .
can you recommend a classic cajun # cookbook or recipe to advance her studies ?
thx :)
trump 's cultists are threatened by empowered young women speaking their mind & expressing themselves .
turns out that they do n't approve of serial rapists that hang out with billionaire pedos , presently stealing & caging little brown babies at the border .
and they do n't approve of being treated as less than their male counterparts
the smart play goes something like this childless high iq non white women are allowed in after genetic disease and health screens if they marry and bear multiple children to a white within a short timeframe they stay otherwise they leave no chain migration whatsoever only women so no ghettos etc
bro twitch is so retarded imagine banninf someone cus they broke a keyboard and labeling it as self harm bunch of fucking 🤡 work at twich bruh
what are the chances lounging means nick the spic preaching a catholic sermon while you suck chipotle sauce from his ass
oh my god !
calm people calm !
no ... business people are not necessarily " tax cheats"although they have greater opportunity to cheat than the employee who has tax deducted at source , but if you are using legal tax breaks in a way that was unintended that has the effect of lowering your taxes in a way that does not enhance your business then you are using a loophole that is going to be closed in order to make your level of taxation somewhat comparable to any other working canadian .
if everyone paid what was legal and due , then it does help " the middle class " and everyone else .
people in mexico are very justifiably upset .
a racist and xenophobic president , trump , made repeated , unwarranted and ignorant comments about mexicans .
current events in mexico and elsewhere are hardly surprising .
so a mexican guy gets struck by lightning .
< repeat > the obituary was titled " refried beaner ! "
people are so racist to asians it ’ normalized i literally hate y all
< user > the retard restarted the game
there happy because there are no blacks or mexicans running around trying to steal everything you own .
they took the action of screaming for help and getting off the bus .
rt @swayhasanswers : twerking is ghetto until white people do it .
hip hop culture is violent & amp ; dangerous until they want to profit of it .
ht&#8230 ;
yeah my mom went on about condemning gays and i said the same book literally demands stoning unmarried non - virgin women , and told her she 'd win this argument once i get stoned to death in town square
i got ta say as a woman i love it and white boys can not get hired these days because of these cunt feminazi demanding diversity choosing shitskins over kin not that i want to see our men reduced to this but payback is a bitch
like i just wanna walk out of work and go be in my fucking solitude . & #
128371 ;
< user > not trying to out getting hated on bro but try being a republican muslim immigrant die hard patriots fan
what do you call a mexican who knows how to swim ?
illegal
racially heterogeneous states are neither possible without conflict , nor are they desirable .
# myunpopularopinion spanish bitches suck dick by 11 and have babies by 15 because they 're already fine and dressing slutty .
i have a dream that liberals will stop calling people they disagree with racists or nazis
i agree with your safer premise .
then again , if i were selecting and there was a choice of someone competent , proven , and capable in the ranks that more likely had been always anti - positioned outspokenly opposite the problematical status - quo , i would prefer that applicant as being able to hit the ground running .
i would chance that on the probability tree of choice .
when i found out that men get paid £ 60 every time they donate their sperm , it made me angry to think about all that money i 've let slip through my fingers .
how 's that vote for real change working out for you folks ?
have you taken canada back yet ?
still think it matters who you vote for ?
also jews always project their mentality onto their opponents before they attack them and so far your group is the only group who is doing the projection
greatamericandaily.com/bill-and-hillary-clinton-just-got-smacked-with-some-very-bad-news/ … bill and hillary clinton are finally going to be held accountable .
< user > i know that you think that white peoples ate racist and hate you but there are a lot of people who love this country and their god given rights they love their president too many of these people have put their lives in the line over seas just saying
just because oil companies did not admit guilt does not mean they are innocent in a court of oil attorneys using precedents instead of laws .
as we see daily proof , laws made by attorneys can be screwed to give unfair advantage to their big retainers .
you can not sue tesoro for violations on anything , cause tesoro has every attorney on retainer in state .
that 's their conflict of interest for you !
as do they all !
there ’s something i just do n’t get about the female g spot .
i just ca n’t put my finger on it .
the bunny looks a little like virtua freddy from fnaf world
nah nigga raped a girl and he works at kith that bad work
the only time i screamed was when tyrese tackled that hoe ass bitch # thewalkingdead
this is just more anti - white racism .
they are trying to destroy the lives of white boys .
are you saying that all hispanic women voted for hillary ?
or do you have personal knowledge of those who wrote on the free speech wall ?
did any authority on campus bar white women from wearing hoops ?
did any white women experience a physical attack or pay a fee to have the right to wear hoops ?
it 's much ado about very little .
did you happen to see the movie   " mcfarland usa " ?
i loved it , a very nice biographical film about a white cross coutry coach and his family that moved to very hispanic mcfarland .
it 's probably a liberal film ( with kevin costner ) , but contains a very positive message for those who watch it .
it was actually much better all - around before they charged you just to drive up to the hotel .
what is the most depressing experience you 've had with women ?
the hispanic crowd and the illegal alien advocates did not do themselves any favors when they sued over the defeated state referendum to issue driver 's cards .
they can think what they want about americans , but now they look like fools , and do n't forget about their failed and pathetic uprising a few years ago .
why are mexican soccer players so nice ?
they ’re looking for the green card .
here 's how to fix it all !
pack ! !
you have a problem , you see that country you came from , get with it dis ! !
you the terrorist you mean ? ?
because it is what i mean so take your prayer rugs , liberalism , quran , hadith , muhammed , allahs and find mecca !
someone please tell me what can be done or which people to tell that the mexicans and or other hispanics here are undercutting price quotes on good working people .
i support aborting shitskin babies and not white babies
did you hear about that new pixar movie called " finding juan " ?
this time he 's looking for his papers on the border .
italy is for italians get the immigrants to go back to their shitholes america is for americans europe is for europeans clear
wow , you 're kellie 's hero , big glenn !
guess you have no problem with the black drug gangs .
the huge number of hispanic gangs , etc .
any thoughts on your kind anarchists , bigots attacking innocent citizens because they support repubs / consv , rioting , burning , looting , etc .
you 're ignorant enough to talk about white nationalist ? ?
plsssss walk down parts of chicago , dc , detroit , oakland , la and see who comes out to meet and greet ! !
plssssss , you 're the type that richly deserves to come face to face with real hate , racism & bigotry ! !
good point , but on the other hand i raise you this : fuck persians .
i 'd give her half my pizza if i got affordable health care and college education in exchange .
til that of all the rape cases fully tried in delhi in 2013 , over 40 % dealt with consensual sex , usually involving the elopement of a young couple and the girl ’s parents subsequently charging the boy with rape and another 25 % dealt with “ breach of promise to marry ” • /r / todayilearned
" three excellent articles on the subject of homosexuality and the options available to individuals and the church : " 

 which " option " did you individually chose ?
silly question -   but without your response - you acknowledge yourself to be a fraud .
your pre - ordained response to my observation will make that manifestly clear ....
ok sooo , they believe that before 7.5 billion people are slaughtered in the grand armageddon ( extremely twisted philosophy ) that the un or maybe trump will say peace and security and then babylon the great , the world empire of false religion ( all other religions ) will fall because the un will attack them .
so i guess they mean this is going against that but to some jws this could be a " sign of the end " .
< user > what if you get raped or the condom breaks
< user > white people stole the land so you ’ re an immigrant
bitches love a < number > x < number > triptych
why was johnny sad because he had a frog stapled to his face
man 1 : : " they ca n't tell you the location because your wife will probably end up there ! "
man 2 : : " haha , no , i 'm the one who 'll need to go there ! "
man 1 : : " yeah , that 's true ! "
two rich , older white men during a fundraiser for a domestic violence shelter for women and children .
we told them the location of the shelter could not be released for safety reasons after they asked .
made us ( two girls , one of whom is a survivor of abuse ) feel hopeless , powerless , and frustrated .
we did n't know how to tell them that jokes about domestic violence are inappropriate , especially at a fundraiser for a shelter .
on hiatus .
this youtube video playlist and my last retweet of @anti_fembot which should be below are for those interested in gender and sex issues , men 's rights movement , feminism , anti - feminism , etc . ,
etc .
url
agreed , i think there are a fair few in denial .
and to some degree i ca nt blame them , because it cam be emotionally draining being aware of it .
i can honestly say i never thought black americans were assumed to be less american ( mainly because of the pervasiveness of african american culture ( and its appropriation ) ) .
so that is interesting to hear and i 'm curious about how that presents itself and if there are any similarities to the british experience .
surely got ta be more than that .
town to town you see minority whites . -
if whites are supposed to be at least 70million - its a very hard way of showing it
sloter looked like a guy who understood the offense , paxton looks lost .
that 's how it looks in camp as well .
we know paxton is athletically talented but could it be what s above his shoulders holding him back ?
it 's alright tho , i felt like crap most of the day and caught up with a girl friend i had n't seen in ages so it was nice .
they do n't care if they pay tax or not as they are after sales and profits and cheap labor !
happy pride everyone , lucretia is a lesbian !
@thezonecast # thezonecast # theadventurezone url url
can ’ t believe a racist tweet ab my city and muslims got over 4 k likes from trump supports is this a fever dream
agreed , the blacks and hispanics should have their own school only for them and have worse education than the children whites like that might not compete with our children whites .
to me the solution is to stop taking in illegals refugees terrorists save that money that it socsts us for them to fix our countrys business everyone needs to get behind america first
that is the most racist piece of drivel i have read in quite some time .
it is exactly that kind of demeaning and   bigoted racial crappola that got trump elected .
please keep it up the next 4 years so he can have eight in office .
smh .
btw , you do realize he did better with blacks and latinos than any gop candidate in decades ?
yea , its all about those evil white devils .
t would take an extraordinary set of circumstances for a flashbang to do that .
not impossible but very unlikely .
flashbangs do three things ... create a brilliant flash , a loud bang and a modest concussion wave .
those three things combined produce sensory overload which allow police time to enter a building and take people into custody .
they work best in enclosed spaces like bedrooms or living rooms .
out in the open , all three effects are greatly diminished .
she would almost certainly had to fall on top of it for something like to have a chance of happening .
also , flashbangs do n't create frag so that right there is a red flag .
look up " flashbang injuries " and you will see that they are almost always surface burns and bruising .
the injury she has is an explosive injury , not a diversionary device injury .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > the bible came before islam and the quran if i remember correctly
well mr smith there 's media and then there 's " media " .
you may no longer be able to separate the wheat from the chaff due to years of conditioning but the folks at fox and the bloviators like limbaugh et al have not been telling you the truth for decades now .
the disinformation spewed out to so many millions of my fellow americans by the massive right wing media machine has so confused and angered the viewers / listeners that like you the truth is a foreign concept now .
like a powerful and destructive drug the siren call of right wing media lures you back day after day for more reinforcement , another hit of the lies that sooth your latent need to look down on , hate and fear someone outside your close group of acquaintances .
you have been poisoned by disinformation mr smith .
the antidote is to shut off the radio and tv for at least a month until the irritation subsides and rational , reasoned thinking resumes .
the purpose of propaganda is to make you react emotionally and negatively .
well it sleeping beauty they plan to rewrite first cause she never gave consent to be kissed by the prince the left are seriously fucked in the head and if the bbc show it i am sure she will be a black moslem like thor was
burn him , and his family .
we do n't need such degenerate in our gene pool
< user > putin makes a great point if the refugees were really just seeking shelter however one of the goals of islam is to rule the world the refugee crisis was created intentionally and is nothing more than a form of jihad putin understands this and knows obama supports it speakfreely
with public schools being so integrated and focusing on non white students i really would suggest to any parent to get themselves educated so they can teach their children at home .
well , i have seen the shirt on a couple of my black friends but never on one of my hispanic or white ones , so i 'll just leave it at that .
it 's sort of like years ago , one of the black platoon sergeant 's i knew was aghast to discover that one of our officers had wound up in oakland at about 11:30 pm in a soft - top civilian jeep and survived the visit .
his response "   " man !
black people do n't be on the street at that time of night in oakland ! "
he was n't reluctant to use the " n - word " regarding some of his ethnic persuasion when he thought they deserved it .
that was a constant in the military .
the lazy , the intentionally incompetent , the slackers on sick call ; the ' real ' black soldiers threw the " n - word " on them regularly .
we honkies could n't use it , but they certainly did .
different cultures are just different cultures .
that moment when my wife wants to seduce my best friend she just have to adjust her saree by exposing her assets url
quite frankly i 'm surprised this has n't happened in a rural area of oregon already .
for some reason people in oregon seem to think that anyone with brown skin , and does n't appear to be asian , is automatically an illegal immigrant from mexico .
i used to find it somewhat humorous when these ignorant people would tell me , an american indian ,   " go back to mexico where you came from . "
i could really care less what president does , it 's the people that elected him that terrify me .
remember all those people that lined the streets with their guns to   protested obama coming to roseburg .
these are the people i am worried about .
that nigga steal if he drive an impala with no hubcaps
disgusting little racist with a messiah complex .
is n’t all hispanic people that wear adidas hat actually adios
hahahaha that beaner rolled out that mile in under < number > minutes she was so freaked good thing they had an aed at the taco bell down the street
< user > < user > can not relate tho lmao i am not worried ab no tweets 😂 idc ab anyone and it twitter just scroll and laugh hoe
bitches b a different type dumb ain t no way i am holding a nigga in jail down you all lives must be very boring
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
water ?
are you saying we should tax the columbia river ?
if they do n't pay , where are we going to put all that water ?
your entire premise is false 
 hack does not equal fraud
40 years from now , historians will still be uncovering the graft that is taking place in this administration .
the non - union crews will live in texas and louisiana and fly up for their shifts .
the arrogance of the texans in dutch harbor was surprising , even to one used to people from texas .
i remember one wife posting " our men are up there to do the job because alaskan men ca n't cut it . "
edison chouest company policy is you talk to the press you 're fired .
our culture connects us with our community and shapes our sense of identity .
but too often , indigenous and minority children are denied the right to enjoy their culture , practise their religion or use their own language .
we support these vital opportunities # foreverychild .
url
me being like omg i do not have any shivs left how am i supposed to kill all these clickers
i agree send the feminazis back ! ! !
democrats are worse than isis .
isis does n't sell the baby body parts .
another failed up - rising by hispanics and illegal alien .
these silly attempts and demands are making them look bad .
< user > global patience my foot where was global patience when < number > lakhs kashmiri hindus murdered raped and driven away from their homes by jihadis where was global patience when stones were pelted by pak proxies and jawans murdered by paki terrorists everyday
< user > < user > maximum inclusivity we are all white supremacists now
just listened to @xxxtentacion and i m fucking digging it & # 128514;&#129305;&#129305 ;
" rt @waltertippie : this idiot just said that the investigation into wiretapping is a " " dog and pony show " " !
when is @foxnews going to ge … "
i agree send the feminazis back ! ! !
democrats are worse than isis .
isis does n't sell the baby body parts .
" " " wheres the fucking bloow noow ! " " & #
128128;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; i 'm too weak "
thegambler is a incel xdddddd not a chad xdddd do not ban him mods xdddd
a transgender and homosexual will enter that beautiful gate on judgement day before you pretentious narcist person ..
with all the usual annual " we want a straight pride " bullshit , here is my annual riposte to it : panti bliss talks so eloquently - it 's required viewing , and just one good reason you will never need it .
@pantibliss # straightpride url
let 's talk about how # billcosby deserves to go down asap , but where was the cascading media blitz on # woodyallen ?
fucker is still a demigod
denver has a black problem a muzzee prob and a wetback prob
black guy and a mexican are in a car .
who 's driving ?
the cop
do you ever punch yourself in the head just for fun ?
you 're missing an important point .
he not only wants to get rid of illegal immigrants , he wants to ban everyone of a specific religion from entering the country , and then register those that are already here .
he not only rails against mexican immigrants , he ca n't tell the difference between a mexican immigrant and a native - born hispanic .
these are the things that make him more than just an intemperate buffoon and elevate him to the status of " dangerous " .
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
trump frequently does make racist statements , about the former president , his wife , an hispanic judge , his tenants , the list goes on and on .
only willful ignorance prevents you from seeing this .
my immigrant parents did not raise me to spend money on some flimsy lil trash can liners 🙄
the worst part is that i know i m not a retard , i could adopt into social circle if i had an opportunity , but when u r 24 + and out of college and did nt make friends there , u do nt have second chance basically
gsa 

 i am curious where you are getting your info on roi of wind turbines .
i am not saying you are wrong , i would like to read that info myself .
i know there is a lot of iron , copper and rare earths in the generator at the top of the stick .
that last sentence is only true if you think " working class"doesn't include black and hispanic people ( who make up more rather a lot of the people doing ' working class ' jobs in the usa by the way ) .
your reading of demographics is just plain wrong - it 's actually worked out exactly as predicted - hell it gave clinton ( the worst and least popular candidate in democrat history ) a victory of over 3 - million votes !
even the few losses that did cost her the election were extremely narrow ones - as nate silver pointed out -trump won in the poll 's   margin of error .
all in all , barely 80 - thousand people made him president , the democrats only need that many in those states to win next time .
hell if jill stein had n't run clinton would have won - so if anything , clinton was n't leftwing enough !
and it 's interesting how blind you are to the gap between republicans and their leaders .
did you see who won alabamma this week ?
trump got egg on his face .
and mcconnel got burned .
deport all illegals out of the usa mexicans are here on a free ride , they are causing housing crisis too , we need a revolution kick all dirty politician 's the hell out too they illegals into the usa and took money to let them in 👹
if donald trump arms do ukrainians with javelin missiles surely vladimir putin will do the same with north korean and give them missiles s500 air systems are far more advanced than our planes are
wall these subhumans out entirely .
fuck asylum seekers .
having empathy for shit skins is why this country will eventually turn into brazil 2.0 .
maybe we can send members from your family to tamaulipas ?
where they can be decapitated and fed to dogs ?
you realize that your disdain for your fellow latinos is the definition of evil ... what will it take for you to show sympathy for fellow humans that are being put into deadly situations because of the misguided ramblings of our current demented president ?
dems fooled black americans for decades that they really care !
using welfare like crack cocaine !
like drug dealers in our black & white communities they get ppl hooked on poison !
they prey on emotions to blind us from facing reality !
we need to rid ourselves of these parasites !
url
other ethnic groups are allowed to have ethnocentric charter schools paid by taxpayers .
... hey adn , why not post a photo of this so - called vigilante ?
" ... have an urban slum filled with poor black and/or hispanic people . "
what about the poor whites living in vile , rotting trailer parks ?
they tend to vote republican .
one thing you can count on are the beaner men giving us a pinata full of lurid sex scandals thanks mexico
# 90dayfienca larrisa ur a ho not even devoirced yet and fucking another dude and the only reason ur in america cause for a green card !
ur a dirty bitch and money hungry i hope ur ass gets deported
trump is right - these maggots of color should gtfo
nope , only in python .
lisp , javascript , c++ , scala , haskell and more support lambdas ( anonymous functions ) of arbitrary length . [ ... ]
python 's anonymous functions are unfortunately crippled .
i was thinking about what to do with the mexicans in the us , when my head started hurting ... ... i got some concentration cramps
thanks for coming to my ted talk p.s .
calling me ching chong with not make me laugh
i noticed that too - that dates the start of v2 to 12 years before j23 even became pope .
< user > < user > < user > < user > the mcimpeachment mcfiasco is all about angering illegal immigrants to mcvote mcdemocrat
lol now i m worried i will post my dressing up as bts albums pics and someone is gon na bash me for being muslim and posting my outfit
the ea uses iqfeed and compares it with your broker feed to see if there is a sufficient price shift .
you can subscribe to it too ! #
success
all of the intersectionality olympics are bullshit , and you 're shit for playing them too .
why do they need to make sure they check off as many of the " oppressed minority " boxes they can when deciding who to put on a bill ?
just to please some shrieking harpies , and you shrieking about which boxes did or did n't get checked is just as bad .
did u know faggots is a bunch of sticks mcr u bunch of sticks
wondered about caplan being an " africa scholar " ?
i 'd reckon from caplan 's picture he 's pushing ...... what ?
late   80 's ?
perhaps early 90 's ?
scholarships are usually awarded in university when students are in their 20 's .
so he must have got his scholarship on the late 1940 's early 1950 's ?
so his knowledge of some vague part of africa must be during the end of the colonial period .
i mean do you drive a 1940 's auto ?
basically this guy 's knowledge is ancient .
all you bitches can suck my dick fr .
no funny
do n't you know the jews see a picture like this and laugh their asses off while patting each other on the back .
but as much as i appreciate physical beauty , i still think that nothing can beat the beauty of the soul & # 129419 ;
i hope your state has conversion therapy banned
the infeltrators should be released to sanctuary cities where they are welcomed .
with congress total betrayal in the american people 's safety and activist judges making things even worse by enabling lawlessness , only president trump 's executive emergency powers to build a border security wall and override asylum rules will save america from being overrun by millions invasion , a national emergency crisis the likes of which we 've never seen before including terrorists , weapons , criminals , lethal drugs , child trafficking and medieval diseases .
" @graysondolan " " i just wish i filmed it " " are you fucking kiding me "
what 's the difference between a tragedy and a catastrophe ?
a tragedy is when a boat full of immigrants sinks , a catastrophe is when all of them can swim .
@sengillibrand so , all those white people working for minimum wage , living in trailers or cars , making a tiny fraction of what you make , also are guilty of white privilege and need to pay reparations ? ? ?
you 're twisted .
eat [ this](url too along with your pile of halal shit
i d beat his fucking ass retarded for talking to me like that honestly
system deployments went until 5.30 am due to some complications .
had to get up at 7.30 to take kid to daham school .
now sleepy af .
having ginsberg recuse herself sounds like something that would happen to president trump and his team .
> july 31st > kamala harris , joe biden inb4 " cop brutally beats old white man on live television "
the only spic i d stick my dick in tbh
the people right behind this nigga they are all bloody sonmother bitcheeez
totalbiscuit mainly attacked sjws because they attacked him first in hysterical and extremely aggressive terms for looking into the quinnspiracy on his own and not < number > going along with the narrative he shares most of the sjws views on gender feminism etc but is slightly less retarded about it
brown skin girl ♥ ️ url
< user > there ’ really a time and a place for everything this is just ghetto 🤢
the problem is that , they are the vocal half of wmaf .
we all know nyc would never be the city that it is today without latinas in hardhats vaguely effeminate asian men and slavic women submitted to shar ia so sick of globalist propaganda and the anti european patriarchy subliminal programming mnyga maga
fu bitch of shitown aka san francisco .
sleep on your street ... what a disconnected vacuous trollop .
< user > my window is closed mackinze i am worrying about myself but i guess so are you two arrogant white bitches dm me if there an issue or stop being childish and talking ya shit
< user > so true lefty snowflakes raise hell when someone will not bake a cake for a gay wedding but if you behead hang or throw gays off of buildings that perfectly fine mind boggling they betrayed gays for radical islam
# tweetlikepontiacholmes&#160 ; 
 i do the pontiac sprinkler ... 

 nigga nigga nigga nigga spic spic spic spic nigga nigga nigga nigga
< user > < user > “ pushed ” lmao she fell fucking forward get this retard shit outta here
man i 'm so fucked up this bouta be like my 6 or 7 time throwing up
" marble went on to tell the scouts that she ’s from a multi - ethnic background that includes “ black , mexican … jew … native american ” and the “ lousy irish ! ”
people in the audience chuckled . "
do n't know which is worse - " jew " and " dirty irish " - or the fact that some people " chuckled " .
this woman has clearly lost her marbles .
t1 : two ground outs and a liner back to the mound give ladrech a 1 - 2 - 3 inning in the 1st .
bears grab the bats for the first time today .
no way that another black guy murdering another white person that can not be i mean to say that is a hate crime would be racists or to even say over < number > plus percent black children do not have fathers and that a crime problem would be a hate crime would not it
< user > lol keyboard warrior what happened you actually decided to read the kirk propaganda and felt armed throwing a homophobic slur at me is no insult only insecure closet gays like you think queer an insult 🤡 🤡 🤡
itsy bitsy ?
they 've overplayed their hands and misread the board .
they are used to being apologized to the second they bring up the holocaust .
this is a blatant smear campaign trying intended to enrich jews at the cost of poles and their reputation .
" baby dad material " because he 's black and you want mixed kids called jayden .
then their entire race got completely eradicated like a bunch of fucking dumbasses
why was't jesus born in mexico ?
they could n't find three wise men or a virgin .
i need to start entertaining people who understand my humor my hoe so boring 😪
he 's doing it now because he may not have the chance three years from now ,
the anti - trump movement in the republican party is exaggerated .
only a small minority of the hundreds of republicans in congress are speaking up and the criticism is weak or related to one thing like charlottesville .
polls show 80 % of republicans favor trump over congress .
trump 's recent statements and his pardoning of arpaio show he is tapping into a strong base within this 80%-- a part of the 89%--which sees blacks , hispanics , muslims , and non - whites as the cause of the country 's problems-- a base that was hidden by things like political correctness but is now more visible .
republicans in congress may not express these views or share them , but trump 's supporters do .
the mainstream republicans can not deal with this and risk losing this same group of supporters they need to get elected .
70 percent of the us population is white and we are finding that more whites do hold the racial views of many trump supporters .
if you are from a white republican district you keep quiet .
it 's almost as if most people are heterosexual .
the soa needs stand up to these producers .
soa acts like these producers are the only buyers out   there .
i say let'em pull up stakes and leave .
we own the oil , it is our product .
exxon , conoco , etc ... are not the only game in this industry .
soa should offer up our fields to other countries for heavens sake , at rates and terms we determine .
not them .
soa keeps allowing these producers to bend it over the table and " take " it as opposed to soa calling the shots .
when a person singles out certain religious groups ( muslims ) for instance and accuses them of being terrorists , disparaging mexicans many of whom are catholics / christians of being rapists and murderors , then it is hatred speech - nothing kind and loving in those type of remarks .
it is not hatred speech to push back against such .
is everyone supposed to roll over and play dead when trumps utters such statements ?
" quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital " ; muslims are terrorists ; jews are cheap ; women are stupid ; blacks are criminals ; mexicans are druglords ; frat boys are rapists ;   " quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital . "
i 'm not as articulate in my bigotry as potter , sorry .
they 're not americans !
they violated our immigrations and custom laws !
get them out !
they should be being shot at the border !
we have the absolute sovereignty to enforce our national security !
liberal democrat traitors burn in hell !
👈 🏼
that last sentence is only true if you think " working class"doesn't include black and hispanic people ( who make up more rather a lot of the people doing ' working class ' jobs in the usa by the way ) .
your reading of demographics is just plain wrong - it 's actually worked out exactly as predicted - hell it gave clinton ( the worst and least popular candidate in democrat history ) a victory of over 3 - million votes !
even the few losses that did cost her the election were extremely narrow ones - as nate silver pointed out -trump won in the poll 's   margin of error .
all in all , barely 80 - thousand people made him president , the democrats only need that many in those states to win next time .
hell if jill stein had n't run clinton would have won - so if anything , clinton was n't leftwing enough !
and it 's interesting how blind you are to the gap between republicans and their leaders .
did you see who won alabamma this week ?
trump got egg on his face .
and mcconnel got burned .
on # ingrah ngel,#trey gowdy & congressman radcliffe , going after # fbi
well east vancouver and burnaby housing prices did n't retreat in 2016 , in fact prices rose significantly , but volume dropped late in the year as there were fewer listings .
this is not a normal housing market as a very significant factor is money from rich china buyers looking for safe storage .
they also buy some houses   to escape to ,   jut in case . !
in the very high priced vancouver west side there has been some burning of older tear down houses , the lot is where the value is and maintaining an older house is a negative .
the new vancouver empty   house tax encourages destroying older houses needing maintenance .
the 15 % non resident housing purchase tax is n't   that effective .
of course mortgage rates are n't a factor with those storing money here .
local buyers who work here are a different group of buyers , who move   to the east gvrd for the lower cost housing which they hope they can   afford .
with the china holidays of jan / feb 2017 we 'll see   next years   housing cycle .
" the highlands neighborhood , for example , went from two - thirds latino to two - thirds non - latino white since 2000 , according to the city .
so " latinos " are n't white , but whites can be non - latino ?
apparently so in the race - obssessed dp .
luckily denver is very pro - choice .... so there 's no problem here .
or are some choices ok and others not ?
we have two things wrong here , mexcicans in a white homeland and a pizza company sending a female in harms way .
all niggas rlly have is the audacity
don't waste the gas sending them back .
they came illegally & intentionally ! ! !
throw em in a giant wood chipper and aim the shoot back over the border !
" inflammatory rhetoric "   eh ? ? ?
" my grandmother is a typical white person " 

 " the cops acted stupidly " 

 trayvon martin could have been my son " 

 " michael brown could have been me " 

 " if they bring a knife to the fight , we bring a gun " 

 " be confident in your blackness " 

 " i have become a symbol of the possibility of america returning to our best traditions . "
" if latinos sit out the election instead of saying , ‘ we ’re gon na punish our enemies and we ’re gon na reward our friends who stand with us on issues that are important to us , .... " 

 " ... another one of those tricks i had learned : white people were satisfied so long as you were courteous and smiled and made no sudden moves .
they were more than satisfied , they were relieved -- such a pleasant surprise to find a well - mannered young black man who did n't seem angry all the time . "
waste of time to try to explain - you would not understand .
your pre - conceived 8th grade level catholic knowledge might explode .
guess what - thomas aquinas explained god as * pure act * - act is always changing and is always in action .
aquinas calls or equates this to * love * - an action .
the sky is falling , the sky is falling - please , just stay with your grade school viewpoint and nourish your fears .
i am fine with whoever wants to disapprove of my life style if they believe it is gross or whatever .
actually , in oregon , the percentage of hispanic felons pretty much matches their demographics in the census .
11.7 %   of the population and 8.3 % of the felons .
it is possible that some of those hispanics are no longer in the pen because they were sent back to their country of origin , of course .
now , the blacks are 7.7 % of the felons and only 2.1 % of the oregon population .
blacks are three times more likely to be convicted of felonies than their numbers alone would justify .
humanity would be better served by euthanizing the scum at the border .
unfortunately , what you say is true !
it is only by the grace of god that we get some intermittent conservatives to really govern .
migrant boat smuggler decapitates passenger with knife and throws head overboard for drinking his juice url # smartnews
mexican people the cuntry of mexico ther not are frends ther enemys real americans need to start killing off all people from mexico needs to be wipe - out like the spanish people wipe - out all ther afercan slave 's they used to take over mexico they killed every last black slave
i am posting everything via gab so it officially not on twitter < user > ‍ therefore you have no reason to shut down and censor my account again for exposing truth and historical facts about the violent ideology of islam
oh , totally .
both videos are incredible .
natalie 's videos are amazing a general .
the problem is that everything that makes them great - declarative advices , facts , opinions , and styles of argument , the levity used to reinforce key points , really everything that makes her such an amazing content creator - seems to clash with the low level emotional discomfort that transphobic people feel ( as far as i can tell ) when asked to think about transgender people and transgender identities .
i loved olly 's video , and maybe that 's the right way to go ...
< user > ahh the old i do not hate jews i just hate almost all of them including ones who visit jewish holy sites defence yeah that works 🤨 get in the bin
makes me sick that someone tried to attack robbie , after the week he 's had , fucking pricks
< user > slurs would be wetback or beaner not illegal alien 🙄
what ’s a life worth ?
the same price as the bullet that took it .
cover ups at the end of the day are annoying as fuck
niggas is pure suckas .. if you got a problem with ya mans address that shit , discuss it , & amp ; squash it ... only bitches hold grudges .
< percent > cotton thigh highs to avoid contact with any gay chemicals
vote trump , allah will wash you filth out to sea .
" jesus loves you " is a wonderful thing to hear in church .
< repeat > .
< repeat > ut a horrible thing to hear in a mexican prison .
this asswipe is always where the violence happens he must be the ringleader for the nonsense
no no no .
it 's about individuals who maybe are too afraid to come out going to a place full or support and people who will support you .
it 's not about getting support for gay people .
it 's about helping people find who they are in a safe and encompassing environment .
i 'm nervous in a weird way , because these people are kind of like my extended family .
it 's not a hard talk to give to strangers .
sheer dimwit egotism .
the consequences of actions are what matter , not flipping self - aggrandizing good intentions .
maybe pig latin . . .
the presidents is totally right you do n't like it here ... you could leave go to some other country like north korea and i bet you ... you 'll be begging the president to let you back in this country
turkey wants a pipeline through syria too .
think turkey would help globalists set up assad to destabilize syria for $ s ? #
syriahoax
if that were the case then they should 've been writing to the prosecuting attorney 's office .
i m offended at all the beaners chinks niggers and sandniggers that drive and use cars automobiles they belong to my culture the white man this racism has to stop find other means of transportation
that your witty comeback to whites in south africa why are they there is white countries are so great 🤷 🏻 ‍ ♂ ️ 🤣 you dumb fucks are so inferior it sad
oh my god i wonder how many mestizos and blacks and indians and muzzies and chinese and south east asians are watching or reading jewish humorists it will be exactly none they have gone off the deep end and there they will drown thankfully
buying white baps instead of brown because it ’ sunday and i ’ m a crazy mofo who can ’ t be tamed
are you serious dude i m literally retarded ur in the middle of gab defending a pedo for some reason while at the same time saying i manipulated you at what end of this equation do you end up looking good why do this
here is the link to our youth corps page , just click on the words !
< user > ironic oh wait freeing kuwait was neocon fakenews a pretext for invading iraq for the zionists that the media eagerly went along with no babies thrown from incubators no women raped on street corners just more israel lobby lies
just watch " food inc." ... the usa has put traditional farmers out of work in order to produce unpalatable chicken , beef products or pork products from tortured animal slaves that never see the light of day .
do n't bring their agriculture products into canada just because they may be cheaper in price ... how many recalls of poisoned food in the usa do we have to hear about ?
i 'm thankful that in canada we can at least still find free range meat products and vegetables with some taste , that likely wo n't make us violently ill or disgustingly obese from corn - based sugar products which is what the usa is producing and pushing .
bernier 's little note is interesting but says a lot more about what he does n't know about the disgusting food production in the usa .
i just click on the open forums for the entertainment .
as an american muslim , i think we should pack up and leave and go liberate hejaz from the iron grip of saudi wahhabi tyranny and then live in our caliphate and show the world how an islamic economy , islamic legal system , and islamic political system works .
url
perhaps you should now have a conversation with don trump jr .... ? ? ?
you can choose to be on the side that saves america or you can choose or be on @voxday 's side as the enemy , but you ca n't choose both .
i walked by a group of 15ish yr old boys and i heard them say   " look look , that s the girl ! " "
ah fuck i bet her pussy is tight " " fuck i 'd tap that " can we sign a petition to erase all males from the planet pls and thank you i m tired of their disgusting behaviour .
i m a person .
non whites negroes mestizos asians are used by jews as proxies against whites that why jews promote non white immigration in white countries so they can use non white proxies against whites to frame and blackmail for political control and eventually murder whites
absolutely nuffin !
@iam_troyal5 @briscoefunnyguy @i_gotone @_kaeejones lmaoooo that hoe look like & # 128058 ;
1 .
how does a hispanic girl grow up to become a white lady 2 .
that little boy in the tank top seems very athletic , kudos 3 .
its called terminatorman not terminatorlady
" ... the shining object that undermines the cause . "
this was a very good way to talk about the huge mistake the bishops have made in championing the ridiculous notion that it is some terrible religious burden for the little sisters to fill out a form telling the government they object to including contraceptives in health insurance .
we simply can not allow employers to control employees , limit their ability to act as adults , agents looking out for their own good .
the hobby lobby decision is a terrible mistake - making the monied elite the controllers of employees decision making in their personal life .
when we accept this kind of law we are endowing employers with the old rights of kings and princes and treating modern day employees as serfs .
we are further empowering the idea that all that matters is money .
hillary is deeply troubled and should be be in prison for her crimes against humanity .
a large part of trump 's campaign was racial animus .
this is something that you can not ignore .
he started his campaign suggesting that mexicans are rapists , suggested completely banning muslims from this country , and said more numerous things about immigrants and minorities .
trump came to prominence by questioning obama 's birth certificate and played the same game in the primaries against cruz and rubio .
that was a huge dog whistle .
trump created a really bad atmosphere where it was okay to blame people who do n't look like you or who do n't have the same religious background for your problems or who might be immigrants .
i 've heard/ read some scary stories of children bullying latino classmates and saying that they are going to be " deported " and the like .
trump is a wonderful hypocrite .
cartoonishly hypocritical even .
i do however find it ironic that milbank seemed to unknowingly mock democrat 's hypcorisy as well with the paranthetical gibe " ( no taco bowl " .
we all remember the leaked dnc email referring to their latino outreach as a " taco bowl " .
i 'm assuming this was not done on puropose .
either way , well played !
he 'd knowledgeably disagree with you .
i have to imagine that whoever came up with that kendall jenner pepsi ad thought the end of mad men was really optimistic and inspiring
haha , bring it on mexico .
americans have finally had enough of the endless amounts of crime , disease and expenses we 've endured directly because of your shit hole country .
this is so sad once proud white nations being polluted and corrupted by the onslaught of sand niggers and other non whites
this is democracy .
the jury represents the majority of californians , social justice liberals .
the minority have no choice but to flee while they still have the freedom to do so .
the article neglects to point out that non trailer products make bank products look very expensive and banks do n't not want this competion for market share .
this is not a competition against whites we are in this together if you want to criticise other whites this only makes it impossible to ever beat these spics and sand niggers from taking over just as the niggers have
they are allowing this beaner on ellen degenerate show because no one but thots and other assorted sjw wymyn watch that shit
a close up from last night # panties # thighs # femboy # femboi # dildo # anal # thighhigh # socks # stockings # gay # bi # crossdresser # crossdressing # twink url
a birthday action game character that is not a queer bee
so right now inside the house josh is crying because someone in the house claimed he was a sexual predator # bb19
fuggin beaners lol
you are defending this dumb shit for creating the illusion that i should somehow care because i was raised mormon or that i am a kike because i was born into a mormon family oblige me with that retard level logic and just add to the dumpster fire
this entire shitty , violence - filled country is doused in the blood of over 100 million native americans who were slaughtered by dominionist christopher columbus .
dominionism and capitalism go together like peas in a pod .
fuck you bitches who send dudes to child support court just because you 're petty
ethnics should be kicked out of america 
 honestly i m tired of ethnics such as myself ruining such a great country
former channel < number > reporter fired because of pro jihadi sympathies now get a new job with a moslem organization is given access to downing street
i need to snatch these niggas beards off bitch i did that
lol she got upset and her and the people she was with walked away from me .
i rly feel so bad for some reason even tho it never happened & # 128553;&#128514 ;
when i was 32 , i ’d bought and sold two houses and bought a third , prevailed over a national homebuilder in a purchase contract dispute , risen to a position of prominence in my chosen profession , won a handful of industry awards as determined by industry peers , was managing my third and fourth brokerage ( 401k , ira ) accounts , served in an advisory role for two education - related organizations and knew my way around local government bureaucracy enough accomplish specific goals without declaring myself a victim of “ the system ” .
in short , i was n’t some babe in the woods without a clue .
nor was i part of a seven - figure business concern and an adviser to the president , but there are n’t many of those .
for all we know , jared kushner may be a fairly sharp character or a charlatan – or both .
but it ’s not outside the realm of possibility that this 32 - year - old kid ( i ’ll give you that , he ’s a kid ) to be in his position .
if that 's all you have , look deeper for something to complain about .
brown people complaining about america .. they breed like rats have 10 kids get welfare and still want more .. go back to your 3rd world shitholes and have another 15 kids
acquaintance at work : : do you have a boyfriend ?
me : : no a : : but why not ?
you 're so pretty !
me : : aww thanks .
a : : where are you from ?
me : : i 'm from mexico a : : really ?
you 're mexican ?
but you 're so skinny !
me : : * horrified look * asian coworker in the bathroom .
made me feel offended and confused .
1 ) you ca n't assume every mexican looks the same , so ignorant .
2 ) boys are not every girl 's priority all the time .
the latest interracial swingers news !
url thanks to @dawnmariesdream @lizardojournal # lifestyle # chicago
< user > lmao stop pretending you like jews us jews are too smart to fall for your dumb democratic bs you are not fooling anyone
they need to start shooting these idiot if the illegals run toward them .
that beavis butthead phuck should be boycotted saw a posted clip where he was bitchin about the ban and appeasing muzzrats and their g d guy is a libtard pos
ca nt fuck w no nigga who easy to give his dick to the next bitch .... that s ghetto and dirty .
how exactly did the us grow it 's food before the illegals working for 1929 depression wages ?
how does canada , or any of the eu countries get its food ?
maybe you 're going to tell me the mexican illegals are also working in their fields ?
lol 

 last i checked , a significant amount of our fruits and veggies is now imported from mexico , chile , australia , etc and the rest that 's grown here is done mostly via automation and large industrial machines requiring few humans for manual hard labor .
btw , there are only an estimated 30,000 illegal workers in the entire farming community .
a far cry from the 40 + million illegals that reside here and the jobs they stole from americans .
go ask any black people who has been stealing their jobs for the last 20 + years !
you did what you could to find him and nobody can fault you for that .
my heart bleeds for you and your wife .
you have closure , but i 'm sure you would rather have your son .
i 'm praying for you and the family .
this ignorant nigger
last week there was some good news in austin .
package theft is down 98 % .
< user > give them the independence they cry for and watch them bankrupt themselves trying to feed their beaners and inner city filth
as i understand the message from cardinal cupich , a legally executed warrant is needed to investigate suspected undocumented immigrants further .
is n't that phrase somewhere in the document some pin to their undershirts , namely , the constitution ?
we still live by the constitution , do n't we , or did presidents trump and bannon call it fake news and discard it ?
even backwards banana republic , third world shitholes , have a citizenship question on their census survey 😂 😂 😂 😂
when did anyone say pansexual was a gender lmfao you stupid fucking moron learn what the fuck you are talking about before coming to my mentions again you uneducated nazi cunt
hey black if the system is rigged for whites then why are the asians doing better than everyone else mythdestroyed iqmatters
allie is partially correct , it is a fact foxnews and the audience they are trying to sway are the caucasians who vote in key swing states and the electoral college that elected trump president .
however their income levels range from low to very wealthy .
foxnews from the murdochs , hannity , tucker carlson , etc .
know that if they keep their electoral college caucasian audience on trumps side , no matter how ineffective trump is as president , the dems will have a hard time defeating him in 2020 .
it does n't matter how many non - caucasians in california ,   new york , florida vote for the demo candidate , foxnews can control the outcome of the presidency by maintaining support of their core caucasian voters , independent of the popular vote of non caucasians and they know it .
foxnews provides some token non caucasians guest and anchors like kelly wright , juan williams , herman cain , etc just to keep some semblance of an equal opportunity news organization .
throw all bloody hindus out of gulf countries .
i remember the occasion where this photo was taken .
obama was explaining why it was his policy that only one woman at a time may sit in his majestic presence .
me sucking dick from my " bros " all the way till college and saying " no homo " vs me in college 💅 url
wind 19,4 km / h nw .
barometer 1014,5 hpa , falling slowly .
temperature 15,5 ° c .
rain today 0,0 mm .
humidity 60 %
fucking coward ass mods wo n't even respond , pieces of human waste .
i 'm white , fuck you .
just for research purposes i 'll mention that there was a video years ago about the flatland area of montana , with a similar tone to this recent npr radio show , but it was before - ple .
@fornewsjon @chatbycc @realdonaldtrump if she said " only the people of color is allowed to stand up against racism " , that 's racist .
but she is saying everyone must , especially themselves .
hurricanes are obviously racists because they effect blacks and latino 's more .
a un representative ?
means a con .
or criminal herself .
un is a criminal organization .
ilegales have no rights .
christians want to resurrect a phoenix from the dead ashes of the bible , but they end up with a sow 's ear , not a silk purse .
how is that for mixed metaphors ?
yes , a lot of his followers are bots .
we have known this .
this is n't news .
yea i stopped giving a fuck entirely about this story and it just makes me lose more respect for women as if i had any left to lose women allowed this to continue for as long as it did because they wanted it
as i read the article , " placement of human remains allegedly occurred " means there is an allegation human remains were placed there .
i do n't remember a news report about human remains from the proposed tmt site , and the article does n't state that human remains were found there , so i 'm inquiring whether the allegation is true .
several commenters here believe it is true , and for all i know they are right , but so far no one has claimed to have seen the bones .
i did n't mean to suggest that non - human bones were found at the proposed tmt site , and i agree with you that the suggestion does n't make sense .
what about dogs that send a good percentage of their lives living in a purse filled with credit cards and fragrant cosmetics ?
how humane is that for an animal that theoretically could still mate with a wolf .
all this makes handsome candidate kelleee leeeetch   very happy .
interesting .
what is your definition of a " health issue " , btw ?
the addiction is the disease .
if you have n't experience in that field , it 's probably best to stop commenting at this point .
your knowledge regarding the issue is somewhat tenuous .
you do n't need to pass to be accepted as your gender .
i came out to my friends way before i started even thinking about wearing my gender affirming clothing .
you 're beautiful and valid , do n't forget that .
one reason i ended up in prison was that i did n't consider myself qualified to be a conscientious objector -- if this country was attacked i would emotionally respond to defend it .
those who fought in every war since at least ww2 did nothing to defend this country .
it was all about building empire for the 1 % to profit from .
the people we attacked and killed in vietnam , korea , panama , iraq , libya , syria and other nations did nothing to harm us nor did they have the ability to do so .
it was all for lies .
kike spic nigger faggot allah sucks kid dicks jews did < number > < number > white power 4 th reich hitler did nothing wrong heather heyer was a fat bitch rip
visit booth 1644 & amp ; learn about our new v(d)j solution for identifying paired t - cell transcripts from 100s to millions of lymphocytes # aacr17
what ’s the cheat code to make my dad come back ?
opening up new uighur concentration camps because they could n't fit all 2 million in the ones they have now
this , unfortunately has long been a problem w / much of ak gov't .
while the legislature , and often the admin , is eager to fund all sorts of expensive and grandiose mega - projects [ many / most of which are ill - conceived and poorly thought out in their execution and outcome ] , they have been extremely miserly in the proper funding and staffing of essential governmental functions .
it is not uncommon for the admin and/or the leg to keep piling additional tasks , projects , duties , etc onto a particular office or division , w/o providing for any additional funding or personnel to do the job .
so we wind up with " store front " operations - a named office , 1 over paid , often unqualified ' administrator ' who was a friend of a friend of someone , a couple of ' staff ' to provide the only functioning part of the office who are absolutely buried by the assigned function and operating w/o any supervision or direction .
you are a skinhead you bitch no dad it leukemia leuk what stop speaking german you fucking nazi
< user > it by this weird guy who sexualizes and writes smutty fics about lesbian ships 😭 we will be dragging him
define massive amounts .
what does your mom and a brick have in common ?
both get laid by mexicans
racism is only a problem now because minorities continue to think they 're oppressed .
so good for you paul .
you call us deplorable .
we should have a contest to pick an appropriate name for your bunch .
then we could all act like little playground bullies and join you in your fun .
i was intentionally cherry picking .
replace him with some other example .
the point is that no political or religious ideology is to blame for this , or any other random act of violence .
to sit here and think " no wonder this person did this .
they are a [ insert label here ] " is participating in a bigoted narrow view of the world .
comments like that aim to demonize and dehumanize those that are different than us .
we do this and forget that someone can turn the same blind eye and assume the same about us .
that kind of thinking and talking only aims to increase the kind of absolutist extremism these sick murderers thrive on .
the world contains duplicity .
the most important thing we 've forgotten is that being good citizens means supporting each other despite our differences .
do n't assume that because someone is pro or anti something that it 's because they 're a bad person .
people almost always have beliefs with good intentions .
we get into trouble when we believe each other to be malicious .
" @heirtoallmight she chuckled along with her " " boy or girl , it does n't change who i am !
i 'm a huge hug loveeeer ! " " "
> edge lord kid   do n't give racists an out like that , racists are racists .
these next 2 weeks before vegas i 'll only be working 4 days and the others i 'll be flying or off & # 129304;&#127997;&#129304;&#127997;&#129304;&#127997;&#129304;&#127997 ;
a new study has linked ibuprofen to male infertility , so i would recommend never taking any products containing ibuprofen ever again .
during the obama administration , lol .
in case you missed it : http://www.politifact.com/personalities/barack-obama/statements/byruling/false/
deport them all !
ban please
he was groping her and other women have come forward saying he groped them i can understand why you would want to white knight for your fellow krakow gutter rat but do not be silly he guilty
last night i had an old white pilot say the mayor of chicago is a lesbian black woman all in your face sir what in the entire hell are you trying to say get the entire f*ck < censored > out of my face
writing in david duke 's name is fine because such a vote will still send the message that white america will not be taken for granted .
karma a bitch always remember what goes around comes around and you will get smacked in the face with it one day liar disrespect
# whitepower ... i'll hang you nigger
i should have let an old man white man work on my car from the beginning instead of letting these niggers and spics play under my hood
i find this very funny and very sad at the same time .
conservatives heaping praise on a ex communist , ex kgb agent .
i thought conservatives thought our current president was a communist and that was a bad thing .
yet they think putin is good .
i know , he 's a ex communist .
but you do n't get to be a colonel in the kgb by faking it for 16 years .
that 's like me deciding after so long to be a conservative .
not going to happen .
oh .
and while i 'm a liberal , i am by no means a communist .
huge difference for the uninformed .
but what i think is truly funny , is that a liberal has to tell conservatives to beware of a ex communist .
i read somewhere that president reagan would be turning over in his grave seeing how conservatives are embracing putin .
and conservatives think president obama is a terrorist , but guess who has very close ties to iran ?
that would be the russian government ( putin ) .
so please conservatives , make up your minds .
communist are good or are bad ?
as a liberal , i vote for bad .
so , pray tell , what do you think that corporate entities do ?
do you actually believe that oil corporations do n't cheat as much as they can get away with ?
it 's a corporate way of thinking .
maybe we can fight it with the same mentality .
nothing else has worked over the decades .
even if trump fails , we would have been doomed any way .
need to put on my germany jersey can not lose this to this wetback squad
not that it matters much cause you will still be pushed up against those wonderful minorities everywhere you go , and our children will go to schools where they are in the majority .
so five beaners will not be collecting welfare
there has to be reason to make people wear ankle bracelets , you ca n't just force people to wear them because you do n't like them or the religion that they choose to follow .
a must read article by jyoti @yamini_jyoti that exposes evangelists conspiracy against akshaya patra .
the more informed we are , easier would be to defeat evangelists dirty agenda url via @postcard_news
being freelance when you 're not part of a cool scene is fucking hard , yo .
hook your gloomy up , yeah ?
xo
[ url - selective\_abortion](url - selective_abortion ) ​ no this is a common problem worldwide you fucking dumbass .
being anti abortion or believing sex based abortions is a problem does n't make you a misogynist .
end your spiritual violence against black queer and trans people now .
end your physical violence against black queer and trans people now .
is it we are a global minority we already have a single mother gibs state that institutionalized cuckoldry why should they waste more resources on non whites wife up a white girl take care of your white kids this is not that difficult
< user > i ’ m deeply concerned that a us representative has an issue with deporting illegal immigrants
how are people so openly okay with discrimination :/ url
there 's a fog advisory in effect and visibility is very limited in some areas .
drive with caution . #
ymm # abroads
@xinorforion just say you hate black people and poc to conform your racist agenda you stupid fuck
i thought we all voted on woodchipper feet first for the cucks not cats leave the cats alone you want to kill something find a jew nigger muslim or wetback do something that benefits civilization
@ikeepitchilld @newjersey973 grown ass men going back and forth about a woman 's look .
you hate to see it .
the 4 dumb skanks who are not qualified to be garbage women need to be removed from congress
worse , saudi .
where driving used to be bad for your ovaries , but now atheism is terrorism .
america should tariff all remittance $ $ $ sent back to mexico to cripple their incompetent open border country .
bernie sanders writes in opinions : the straightest path to racial equality is through the one percent url
and what - married couples have to prove they are   fertile and of child bearing age , and intend to procreate ,    before they pay the tax ?
@rwpusa hungary is a fascist nation full of hateful racists like gorka .
he 's just another one of them .
and they hate jews .
, no crases just deport them , they return just shoot them
its silly for you to say they wo nt - eventually .
how long before a homeless person makes a claim against the state via aclu ?
not very , is my guess .
but that vail of secrecy gives us license to speculate , so i speculate that trump owes more than he owns .
being highly leveraged is a good way to make money , and trump seems to be a risk - taker , if not a thrill junkie .
if his unique and most valuable possession is his marketable name on otherwise unremarkable properties , then it makes perfect sense to link his brand to the highest most powerful office in the world .
and let 's not forget , he needs good occupancy rates to pay off those debts and make a decent profit .
as trump says about being a businessman - president , " i can do both . "
i 'm sorry you are so full of hate that you ca n't see the blaming of trump for the random killing of hispanic people by a man hearing voices as anything but deranged .
i think that may be bordering on a mental illness of your own .
you are proof of my original statement .
" fuck zionism .
fuck militarism .
fuck americanism .
fuck nationalism .
fuck religion . "
-propagandhi
do not forget slick willie he raped juanita and lied to the american public about monica they have both been no goods for a long time < user >
... you mean keep america white .
4/4/2017 time : 04:03 temp : 10.2 c barometer : 1020.0 hpa wind from : wsw at 6.9 mph rain today : 0.0 mm
brown people are gross
i was finally getting use to sleeping for more than 3 hours a night .... guess that 's a thing of the past once again .. &#128542 ;
makes me sick that someone tried to attack robbie , after the week he 's had , fucking pricks
laughed at i have been disrespected by all of my peers and have had to stop being myself and talking about them a couple of times because apparently they were not good ugly ching chong chang excuse me wtf i m done with everyone stupid comments about what i love
but history is as is the history of how jews acquired the land so let the arabs go back to their huge sandpit and u worry about the millions displaced and starving
happy mothers ' day 
 just wanted to wish a happy mothers ' day to any men in here who are doing that job .
fucken mexicans , they need to learn to be human .
america is a country and culture formed from a civil war contesting the issue of black slavery ( there were no white slaves ) and conflicts of powers between state and federal government .
the other distinction is it relishes guns like no other civilized country in the world .
sadly racism has never left the psyche of america and continues to make the head lines despite a war that ended in 1865 .
they now have a fire breathing orange lizard that climbed from the gutter to light a fire and feed it with racism directed mexicans , latinos and muslims .
the country is not getting better but only worse .
if america is serious about the race issue its time to impeach the orange lizard in the whitehouse .
if someone comes to america legally but then loses their rights after commuting crimes which keeps them incarcerated in american prisons should not they also be deported since they are not protected by the constitution why fill up prisons with immigrants who did not come here for a better life cleanprisons
i am retarded i can never find my car in this lot
ilhan omar made a anti jew statement , apparently they are all socialist two said consecration camps instead of detention centers .
when trump said go back to your country that was a yikes and xenophobic definitely , but the squad are a bunch of socialists and one is anti jew i 'm sorry but in my opinion they are worse especially omar , btw i 'm not a trump guy dude is pretty dumb
blow a stack for yo niggas with yo trapping ass
if ra - heem had a gat wit 17 bumps and jose ' dised him in front of og peeps and he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus cause he be dere , monique pregnant , say ra - heem baby daddy , how much welfare they get ?
multiply food stamps x project housing add free utilities , stolen cars and drugs sold to find out why they are still poor
" @all_thebros i conflict ! ! !
so much " " jackie stop thinking what you 're thinking and look at his baby face ! ! ! " " "
swedish police chiefs agree to start bombing native swedish neighbourhoods to drive racists out of their homes and make them seek refuge elsewhere only then will they learn about empathy and stop regarding foreign refugees as the other mega
i guess you can believe whatever you like .
but " these gays are out of control " is a hateful thing to say .
i suppose you think blacks and hispanics have their place , too .
imagine anyone 's audacity in asserting their rights .
you are the one who needs to get a grip .
these folks affect you in no way whatsoever .
why did n't you simply say " i hate gays , and enjoy getting myself worked up worrying about what they 're going to do ? "
i heard that last election .
just wait 12 months and wynne majority .
clinton landslide etc .
the only poll that counts is election day !
right wing lies .
please show us where this false version of events exists anywhere outside a museum of creation science , or a theme park with a replica of noah 's arc .
what 's up with white rappers suddenly getting all this attention ?
just look at mac miller
paul joseph watson ‏ < user > 2 m2 minutes ago paul joseph watson retweeted bernie sanders bernie is right the diversity of women hating gay killing minority oppressing middle eastern dictatorships that fund hillary is varied
female confirms that face is more important than the ability to walk
the latest interracial swingers news !
url thanks to @dawnmariesdream @lizardojournal # lifestyle # chicago
yeah fuck those people from new mexico !
they are just as bad as old mexico !
hilrys role model , margret sanger says that black people are , " human weeds " .
hurricanes are obviously racists because they effect blacks and latino 's more .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > nuclear holocaust possibility has increased dramatically since trump withdrew from start proliferation redux
dimms and left demanding unconditional surrender of america : pro - open borders hispanic caucus to trump administration : stop talking about ' chain migration ' -
accident , left lane blocked in # i170 on i-170 sb at brentwood blvd , stop and go traffic back to olive blvd , delay of 8 mins # stltraffic
who would have thought , a palestinian that you ca n't trust . ! !
@cheyenemlopez who the hell said she was born here you 're an idiot try to keep up there cupcake .
what a moron
why ca n't you play uno with a mexican ?
because they steal all the green cards .
what is it with the media that they are always seeking out the advice and comments of high priced , tenured university professors .
living in the ivory towers of academia does not qualify one as an expert anymore than an individual living on main street is an expert , except the individual on main street is probably closer to the viewpoint of most canadians !
the professor mentioned the " integrity of the immigration system " as a negative .
if there is no integrity in the system , then we have a system that does n't work .
the guy is right , cuomo adds content that is not there .
why the focus on racist .
nothing to do with it .
i want to write an incel fanfiction 
 give me ideas 

 unless they 're fucking shitty ideas .
the cartels truly need to be wiped off the face of the earth .
fuck the middle east .
the us needs to levels these fucks .
rt @littlekeee _ : why do bitches hate on another bitch relationship & # 128129 ;
we are going to kill jews unequivocally and force them breed with niggers and sand niggers and spics
[ not a joke ] i ’m not sure if this is some stupid fucking prank or what , but i ’d really like for this to not be the most retarded subreddit with the most idiotic mods on all of reddit .
first we ca n’t swear in a sub where pretty much every post is racist , sexist , or about pedophilia or incest .
then we have no fuckin choice but to swear .
fix your fucking sub or i , and probably a lot more people , will just make our way to the door and step over the big pile of shit which is this sub rn .

ah yes the great poem that invites every 3 rd world shitskin to come to our shores
it's -- a contraction of two words -- it & is 
 its -- the possessive adjective 
 maybe it 's just a typo on your part but what 's with this " authentic american citizens " drivel ?
you 're no more authentic a citizen than are your white bretheren who are serving time in prison or your non - white bretheren who live in poverty .
you are also no more " authentically american " than the recently naturalized child of latino immigrants .
you 're just another american like the rest of us and you are entitled to your looney alt - right views even if you 're not necessarily entitled to act on them .
i assume that 's why you 're so vehemently opposed to the southern poverty law conference .
it monitors the illegal activity of hate groups .
maybe you 're a member of one ?
paul i like you and appreciate what you are doing but you are being a retard right now
they shifted a wire leader with blood , that from the way across the pink swim - bladder like full - blown roses stained and then
the goal should be to run them the hell out of the country .
sorry your wrong .
the f-15se is a updated version of the f-15e. , much like the russian fighters you refer to and the super hornet , neither of which has the f-15 record .
it is still the premier fighter aircraft in the world .
try reading this : 

 http://bestfighter4canada.blogspot.ca/2014/05/why-boeing-should-offer-up-f-15se-to.html
donald trump , the new american saddam .
saddam and trump , two peas in a pod .
there ’s a parallel at work here .
trump has said he bears personal animosity for latinos and wants to expel all 11 million back to their country of origin .
saddam wiped out millions of his own people , the kurds , with chemical bombs while he reigned .
he called the kurds terrorists .
trump called latinos criminals and rapists .
we have much to fear from this man who wants to be president and one who personally admired saddam as a great dictator .
trump has complained that the n.j. and n.y. terrorist has rights .
he does .
we are a nation that lives by the rule of law .
rest in peace michael
it may have had something to do with me still working on it , so i entered your vote through the moderator 's edit option .
< user > man i thought for sure her white ass was gon walk i m glad they got her
so what happens if women get to be in combat but do n't have to sign up for selective service ?
napo pharmaceuticals has made good on its promise to take jaguar animal health back : https://t.co/kfpdsapx3p
@tomilahren if you like russia so much , no one is stopping you tomi just get the fuck out of the united states of america that my african ancestors built .
if rule of law still existed we would not have illegal immigrants screeching insults at us on the television knowing they are untouchable brimelow
trump is a racist sympathizer .
he single - handedly used his wealth and fame to perpetuate the lie – wholly racist in nature – that president obama was not born in the united states .
he has declared his intention to deport millions of law - abiding muslims , ban immigration of muslims , and has called mexican immigrants drug dealers and rapists .
he openly accepted the support of avowed white supremacists during his campaign and has done virtually nothing to distance himself from these groups and their political aims since .
the neo - nazi and white supremacist groups that marched in charlottesville are similarly transparent in their purpose .
they believe in the supremacy of white european christians over , well , everyone else .
in particular , they want to eliminate jews and blacks , and latinos , muslims , lgbtq folks , feminists ( perhaps women , generally ) , catholics , and many others .
there is no mystery here .
finally listening to bae @kodakblack1k 's album , its fire # nosurprise @iamjess_ca you should take a listen :p
idk why we expect men to be able to recognize gender bias in the workplace when they benefit so thoroughly from it both at work and at home .
i know !
let 's give gold stars and pat them on the head if they make a token statement !
or not .
men are n't corgis .
unfortunately .
url
ms.amylou : 

 i 'd agree to that on condition that our ' majority ' community places the same standards on itself .
funny , have n't heard that white folks raised any money to help the widower and two children of that woman that murphy m. gross killed , and only did eight months time for .
eh .
white folks wo n't even turn in their miscreants when they hold public office !
kindly do n't presume to lecture others about doing what you yourselves refuse to do ( or are unable to do ) .
and this does n't mean i lack empathy for that poor old gentleman who was mercilessly beaten -- i do hope the guilty party is held responsible .
i had an older cousin beaten to death by a younger relative looking for drug - money some years ago .
but i dislike double - standards .
dislike self - righteousness even more .
i am not an active hiker ( knees ) , first responder , hospital er nurse , equestrian , mountain biker , off - roader , etc .
however , i have actively supported those efforts since my arrival here in 2005 .
all of those people work together to share the recreational environment and have been negatively affected by the lawsuit .
i do not support the few hikers who feel that taking $ 100,000 from first responders and hospital ers ( who care for the safety of area recreationists ) is justified by their personal opinion of how the land should be managed .
ooh ooh , i love comparisons and got more zeros than you ( yours are millions , i 've got war debt ) .
how about " iraq has weapons of mass destruction and we must go to war ...... boom .... mission accomplished ..... +mic drop+ " .
or how about " america needs these tax cuts , it 's the peoples money " to protect the job creators that annihilated the economy with their job cutting a few years later .
too bad bush could n't take those actual trillion dollar credit card bills with him into retirement .
yup , totally the same thing , right ?
but that said , i totally agree with you .
i believe the crappy plans should have been allowed to stay in place until people drop them and no new ones offered .
if the insurance provider discontinues the plans themselves then it 's on them .
just like a white boy would say boy u full of crap
i am so fucking mad i hate fucking mexicans so god damn much fuck if i see a fucking taco eating wetback obese fucking quincenuera feliz navidad como esta looking motherfucker i will put you in a fucking trebuchet and launch you into the gulf of mexico where you belong
adolf hitler likes it up the ass .
meekmill labels locking these youngbulls down the crazy part is most these artist rather get raped by somebody from a different race to feel like nobody ain t do nothing for them labels locking these youngbulls down the crazy part is most these artist rather g …
lets bring in more of that trash to the u.s. !
smdh
... but was the spider okay ?
through blackmail philip was recruited into the sewers only to be stopped by the arrival of power ring
i 'm attracted to people who are living the way they want to .
😉
every beaner now claims to be an american indian so you never know
if i said that rugby is more tougher and more manly than the nfl , would you agree with me ?
< user > arabs were smart they roast coffee to prevent spreading the cultivating outside yaman until smuggled out by dutch
why have women when you can rot your mouth
" we do have an illegal immigration problem and not only with mexicans but with all other nationalities . "
yup , those darn swedes are really causing problems !
and they 're taking our jobs ! ! !
i know what gypises look like in the easten europe i seen many of them in lviv ukraine begging for my food .
imma do you faggots like the left the gods today
itt post the longest amount of time you have gone without human contact .
someone please come claim me 😔 this single shit ghetto
i do nt see here terminator .
i only see some fucking feminist with mexican retard and ugly effects .
deceptive reporting !
reports rose , but that says nothing about whether there were actual crimes or if they were motivated by hate .
brown & black people need to all unite against whites now ! !
they have always been the white devils enslaving , killing , raping , and stealing native lands ! ! !
kill all whites .
people who eat dark chocolate less likely to be depressed , but whether it 's chocolate 's mood boosting effects at work , or whether depression lessens interest in eating chocolate is still unknown : url via @sciencedaily @ahs_innovates @ucalgary url
ilhan omar made a anti jew statement , apparently they are all socialist two said consecration camps instead of detention centers .
when trump said go back to your country that was a yikes and xenophobic definitely , but the squad are a bunch of socialists and one is anti jew i 'm sorry but in my opinion they are worse especially omar , btw i 'm not a trump guy dude is pretty dumb
these guys should be punched in the junk repeatedly to ensure that they never reproduce .
need to send every one of them back and ban any third worlders from even entering our country .
yes , there are two sides , each composed of several factions .
on one side you have " fighting whities " composed of white supremacists , nazis , skinheads , the kkk , and other ancillary hate groups .
on the other side you have many types of americans including : jews , blacks , hispanics , muslims , asians , non - racist whites , and anyone else who gives a darn about this country .
i belong to the latter group .
not sure about you .
also there 's an interrupt in the third phase of the fight , so if you 're like me and your interrupt is on a 45s cd ... get fucked , i guess ?
trudeau senior and margaret were hardly chaste eh .
easy on meredith eh or maybe   the race card   is justified .
i just sent the town council a very firm note instead of watching super bowl 51 .
in part i said , " ever since i heard the media report of your proposed comments about the draft eis , it 's been very hard for me to put words to keyboard .
i hope you will please reach out to congress and seek a path forward of support for our troops and mitigation for the real impacts such as soundproofing , eminent domain and an active aviation tourism campaign . "
i also said , " as i 've said many times , if there is a way for olf supporters to help coupeville and work in harmony to stop this nonsense of pitting olf against coupeville / ebey 's nhr , please ask .
because if you the town are going to go down this road of being unsupportive of nas whidbey island , then coupeville is going to lose many friends including me . "
figured the vaq wing needed some help .
so here i am ...
bitch i am a big ol nigga
the donald will deport exterminate every cockroache
add another four days for grapetooth 😔
well if anyone deserves to be raped i guess its a rapist ..
how about back when black / hispanics used to live on mlk blvd .
instead of california transplants and yuppie hipsters alongside their organic food grocery chains and microbreweries ?
i do n't see this gentrification stuff going away .
pretty soon , all the young white people of the next generation will be making similar claims about the good old days when portland was " weird " instead of the semi - oakland / semi - sf situation we 'll have in 10 - 20 years .
people in portland are so clueless sometimes to the things that do n't happen to them .
< user > wait until it ’ too hot to live here we will be climate refugees auspol
now you 're telling me the things i fucking wanted to hear before .
i know the game i should teach it , cause these nigga hate for mfn reason & # 129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️ !
being a woman had fuck all go do with her failure , her being a paedophile protecting globalist zionist cunt is her own making , as a human , and i use that term lightly because that whore of the devil has a black heart !
arab sleeping isting ass self thick asses url
further ( since the new " civil " service apparently has a character limit ) , i would ask if you have any information to refute cnn 's claim , that they also contacted the gop in reverse situations ?
if not , then i would say this is simply trying to create some conspiracy where one does n't exist .
the other link started with " research request : top 10 worst trump quotes?" ... so i kinda doubt that is what you actually wanted to send me .
< user > this is one of your more terrible takes survivors of the holocaust do not want auschwitz torn down so people remember
i realized i was a dickhead when my mom beat the shit out of me and my bro and got a ticket bc she ran a stop sign .
all i could do was laugh
@vipulchavada _ @cartelx4 @cnnbrk go have some cow urine .... and it 's going dark u need to go to fields for doing shit ... islam is a religion from thousands years but u make ur god with cement every next year .
do n't try to teach father how to fuck u asshole .
i want harry 's voice to be the soundtrack of my fucking life
nelson snaps me a pic of him in a cocoon sleeping & # 128553; ☠ ️ i hate him .. i 'm at work looking like death wishing i was home sleeping
< user > the way people are not taking racism against asians seriously
what i mean is that they overall were able to take all of it back as well as keep those colonies longer than the italians .
no verification has been attempted by any of the msm liars pushing this fraud .
this just hastsns their religion 's demise , really .
" tried to walk back the toronto businessman ’s description " 
 -------------- 

 he is neither a ' businessman ' or someone from toronto .
this being claimed by a western conservative .
all you niggas can suck my dick
the gamblers does n't exist 
 the user claiming to be the gambler is n't real but a creation of normies who come here to bamboozle us
ok ignore the one pic .
that is n't so good ....
every beaner now claims to be an american indian so you never know
that must have been quite the fine woman where have all the good women gone
it been nearly three weeks since a man described as a somali immigrant attacked evenson while she was walking home from work in uptown minneapolis slashing and stabbing her relentlessly while trying to drag her off of a public street
so then a beaner can not be charged with a hate crime yet can be a victim what horseshit good for taylor for exposing this
< user > you are a traitor where do we send your nazi ass
they also apologized to best korea for ever doubting that midget asians could win against can notada
when niggers spics erupting rags are forced into white neighborhoods by the fucking feds itz wondrous diversity when moneyed whites move into ghetto shitholes remake them into liveable pleasant places itz racist gentrification
what a baby 😍 for example whatever go kill yourself said …
you want a crazy bitch until i sock you in your shit
there are occasionally very good women leaders i will give you that however it the exception not the rule
north indian girl big hairy pussy hard fuck with bf retweet for more url
one may note that in all of the ad hominem abusive comments made by the oil party supporters on this blog string , not one makes any serious attempt to refute the commentary i have placed on the string .
.
nothing more need be said .
fuggin beaners lol
go neck yourself dirty nigger here in europe nazism is growing we will get all you non whites and kill you all
mexicans can be as retarded or sophisticated as they want in mexico where it not my problem
we are living in amazing times , a man is chosen by god to defeat the demoncrats and defund planned murder a negro hood .
the propaganda war against him is crazy .
again ?
yawn .
girls and pale skin 
 chad with pale skin = omg edward cullen 

 incel with pale skin = lol he does nt leave his house what a loser , looks ill 

 people asks me everytime if i left my house
he has not done anything he deported a couple beaners so what even barry did that
omg go fuck yourself wetback
you 're so right and they all seem to forget that obama deported more mexicans , salvatorians , and others than any other president in history .
i guess by the lefts logic that makes him a racist .
that 's just it .
these young adults are n't reasonable people .
you ca n't apply " normal " common sense to them .
why does the top of everest look like a trash dump ?
everyone leaves a flag , and a body
here is rd claming vast knowledge of aquinas , yet not actually quoting aquinas .
could it be because he has only the most superficial knowledge of actual theology or metaphysics , 

 incidentally , he does not address colkoch 's question .
typical rd behavior .
sour grapes in may ?
i have a solution .
send them back to where they came from .
they caused their own problems by choosing to come here .
they are their own country 's problems .
not the problems of the united states .
they are invaders .
jew wetback cruz into isis under islam the only way a moslem that has gay adult sex can get into paradise is to kill infidels he gets all the infidels he kills as slaves in the afterlife according to the koran
believing in and worshiping the creator alone simple logical natural this is islam atheism
well , now , up until the last sentence i was willing to consider your point of view .
but you had to inject a racist comment , and that invalidated your entire post as far as i 'm concerned .
yes , people who denigrate whites are just as racist as those who commit racial slurs against blacks or latinos or other people of color .
it is apparent that you do n't like whites in langley ( " that is a shame " ) .
so , mstraub , to you i say :   suck it up , cupcake and soldier on , we 're here to stay .
boycott # # boycott # # boycott chobani 's yogurt expands plants to hire more foreign refugees ..... boycott # # 
 boycott ...
trump needs 2 destroy us 's creation isis engaged 2 create pretext to bomb syria .
un stop creation of iraq in syria n proclaim us rogue state
what do you get when you burry someone annoying ass - phalt
poll : if you could choose , would you rather be reborn as a female or a normie ?
rt @demkittiesdoe : i tell myself i 'm not gon na get my hopes up every time and then i fucking do bc i 'm a moron
🌈 ☁ ️ 🌈 happy pride ! !
i 'm bi as fck and am grateful for the black and brown trans and queer people who came before me and paved the way for me to be able to publicly celebrate my sexuality 💕 💜 💙
what ’s a mexicans favorite sport ?
cross - country
kick out the niggers and spics too they are all bottom feeders compared to whites and asians
launching a missile strike from a country club , jesus fucking christ
i 'm a lifelong alaskan who lived in vegas for a few years and i can tell you , our child protective services are ruthless up here .
vegas is nothing like it .
nothing !
if i would be in your possition i would give better marks to white children in your school and later that they could get to better universitys .
for all of you > > > > > serbian chetniks with german soldiers during ww2 so stop telling lies that all serbians chetniks was against nazis german soldiers
men are depressed get raped harassed and murdered everyone … someone talks about women getting harassed everyone what about men 😡 or do you just not care about them 💔 all you care about is women 😔
you can have a physical or sexual attraction for men without being fully gay .
sexuality is a huge spectrum .
me and my husband are both bi , but we have children and a very conventional looking life and relationship .
life is n't black and white , and you do n't need to be so worried and consumed with the grey areas .
just work on being the best you possible and accepting yourself for who you are .
no saving hoes
wow you sound like me .
i 'm ghana born but raised in the us .
i 'm actually moving to ghana for a job next week ( i work in the biomedical field ) .
i 'm not into religion either but i come from a pretty religious family .
my family is muslim on my dad 's side and christian on my mom 's side ( my mom converted to islam after meeting my dad ) .
being non - religious and childfree is like two worse things for an african to be .
politicians using ss tactics to force illegal refugees on villages towns now dublin is full to brim propaganda calling everyone who questions racist facist populist using media rte etc to get message across threatening families who do not want refugees with force storms ahead
# purge 
 i invite every incel to create threads with # purge in the title in order to go private for a while and purge normies and lurking fakecels from this sub .
we tried to tell them to throw out the beaners too but they just will not listen
i think there 's a substantial difference in a properly sited ground blind and a 500 mm telephoto lens from a half - mile away ( national geographic ) and an iphone or gopro from 10 yards on a well traveled trail .
also , as has been pointed out in later comments , the natgeo intention is for minimal interaction where the result of this person 's antics could easily have been the sanctioned destruction of one or both of these animals ( and still might be if they 've now been desensitized to human proximity ) .
how about back when black / hispanics used to live on mlk blvd .
instead of california transplants and yuppie hipsters alongside their organic food grocery chains and microbreweries ?
i do n't see this gentrification stuff going away .
pretty soon , all the young white people of the next generation will be making similar claims about the good old days when portland was " weird " instead of the semi - oakland / semi - sf situation we 'll have in 10 - 20 years .
people in portland are so clueless sometimes to the things that do n't happen to them .
< user > < user > of course this assumes that you are not prejudiced against immigrants or muslims
it 's not that sweet ; once you turn 65 medicare is your primary , and it was very expensive as pers payments were about 15 % of my income throughout my career .
< user > proud to be pro life and i am no nazi haha you spouting bs
just saw the baddest bitch in life walking down the street if she did n't have that aeropostale shirt on i prolly woulda gamed her ass up
he is boy but why he like a girl
adopt some poor fucker from a third - world country .
less money needed in the long term .
we have to get back to our countries being for our race , the same as every other race 's country is for them .
the bayeux taken on brendan cox admission that he has been guilty of some inappropriate actions in light of allegations of sexual harassment created < date > brendancox moreincommon hopenothate jocox hypocrisy hypocrite virtuesignalling predator creep
if i was a radio dj in fort mcmurray i 'd dedicate the doors - light my fire to the people of fort mac .
that , or i need a forest fire by james blake
what sense does it make to have hispanics securing the border .
were do you think their loyalties are .
with native americans .
so let 's support motivated wn s with a good record in becoming border patrol agents .
@xinorforion just say you hate black people and poc to conform your racist agenda you stupid fuck
well , if that s what mehico wants ... 
 close the southern border .
permanently .
deport all illegal mexicans .
build the wall .
execute all drug traffickers .
problem solved !
buh - bye proposed state income tax and sales tax write - offs , alaska .
we can leave the mexicans .
deport these pussy niggas
how cool is that ?
just awesome ! !
# indiawithdhoni no patriot indian will tolerate the insult icc has meted out to dhoni and india .
request our nationalist govt to immediately withdraw indian team from world cup
i 'm mentally unstable at best right now .
saying goodbye to people i love triggers the fuck out of me .
@agentvermouth he is a twink fetus
you niggers need to stop being homophobic
< user > < user > ok how about we give mestizos no welfare in exchange for free land like white immigrants then huh
ufc is a fucking riddy of a sport if there calling off fights cause a cuts 🤣
gamergate wikipedia page is overly biased and ' locked ' by admins .
imma build a wall and put all you racist white thrash in there and put some gasoline and burn all you freaks down including your orange fat pig president and watch all you burn to the freaken ground and that s how you make america great again !
unlike satan , your so - called god has amulti billion kill - streak , is rapist , hypocrite , cunt and not real
saw a cute white medium size dog in he orchards on 7 th standard and mayer if anyone in shafter is missing their pup
have you ever gave hard knocks better than you got them ?
make the lowry decision first , then the rest will fall into place .
personally i would not sign lowry to a 4 - 5 year max deal .
at 31 he is at or just past his peak .
he is getting more injury prone , and his game requires a good first step and he is at risk of losing that .
ibaka , at 27 , is a guy i would lock up for 6 years .
plays d , scores , shoots threes .
and i think is harder to replace than lowry .
it seems cold , given how much lowry has done for this team .
but that is basketball .
if you start signing contracts to pay guys for what they did last year and not what they are going to do for you next year , you are dead .
share if you would donate a brick or two to help build that big , beautiful wall !

< user > i stand by refugees
we have to get back to our countries being for our race , the same as every other race 's country is for them .
used to be just saturday nights that east burnett would get me now it 's saturday afternoons and nights
when you see a social media podcast or video you enjoy , please take the time to go there , up - vote their videos , and subscribe to their channels ... 
 because it helps the content become more visible , it spreads the message wider , and the content creators become more successful and will create more content .
yea , the bengasi queen and e - mail grafter should be !
maybe she can sing " i 'm proud to be an american " as she kisses baby 's and falls on her knees to worship isis .
a happy st. david 's day to all of our welsh compatriots !
karma a bitch always remember what goes around comes around and you will get smacked in the face with it one day liar disrespect
" we can tolerate more immigrants " fuck you joe
@pizotv i went random squads once and then this white 10 year old started saying the n word and a lot of other racist stuff like that .
fucking hate kids like that .
" " " to waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully . " " –
tryon edwards "
it 's like you 're in mexico , but you can drink the water .
i 'm scared to tell my mom that i got a tattoo if you 're mexican ... you 'll understand why i 'm shitting bricks
lmfaooo why the fuck are you scared if you 're a legal immigrant ? ? ? ?
she 's probably an illegal immigrant someone needs to deport that fatass bitch
> unironically using chud what a faggot
twatter is dominated by the regressive left who deal in emotion not logic multiculturalism is a cancer that has brought down civilizations throughout history on gab it okay to be white and okay to speak freely
no means no to illegal aliens < number > buildthewall < number > kill daca < number > strictly enforce e verify massive fines and jail for employers < number > decrease legal immigration by < number > < number > ban all muslim immigration < number > withhold federal funds from all sanctuary cities colleges < number > no welfare for immigrants ever
sexual harassment is a two way street actually grabbing a man dick is a more severe act of harassment than talking about grabbing a women pussy resign from the view joy
minorities , i must run over .
is waiting , my 2001 honda civic .
pleased , allah would be .
lots of ketamine , he would give me .
fuck : kikes spicks niggers faggots trannys commies faggot niggers   dirty zionist kikes jews jews jews dune coons your mom anal gaping aids carrying faggots jews again talib kweli donald trump   niggers   jews and jews .
right .
someone who says that mexicans are drug dealers and rapists , that muslims should be forbidden from coming to the country because they are terrorists , that " good people " march with nazis and the kkk is not a racist .
and up is down , war is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strength .
incidentally , rd , when have you ever cared a fig about " fairness " ?
you slam those who protest against injustice , which at least implies that you have no problem with injustice .
if rule of law still existed we would not have illegal immigrants screeching insults at us on the television knowing they are untouchable brimelow
i 'm afraid i do n't capiche .
but you can find the exact amounts transferred each year from the endowment in the financial statements available on stratford 's website - looks like $ 1.8 million in 2016 , down from $ 3 m in 2015 .
link : https://www.stratfordfestival.ca/landingpages/financial-statements
one more slap and your extra chromosome will fall out of you .
dudes that think 5 is promiscuous are idiots that are n't getting laid .
perhaps the mgtow community ?
why are pills white ?
because they work .
this semester specifically has been the most stressful with the least motivation ?
yall already making memes about it
i want to take a nipple polishing class from edith bunker
" if you count the authoritarians and those that assume the worst of blacks and latinos , it is everyone who voted for trump for reasons other than party loyalty or dislike for hillary . "
what a ridiculous statement .
someone that voted for trump due to economic or religious reasons is considered an alt - right racist according to you ?
the deeper issue is whether chrystia freeland is the right person for minister of foreign affairs .
" rt @waltertippie : this idiot just said that the investigation into wiretapping is a " " dog and pony show " " !
when is @foxnews going to ge … "
hey remember when the guy i work with let air out of tires because he was fucked up on xanax ?
oh sh kitty show me your muslim rage pleezz
i notified the editor on monday of a poster who had posted the same comment 35 times in two days , but they did n't do anything about it .
minimum wage defenders are the real racists minimum wages were first designed to keep women and minorities out of jobs < url >
… or you could move , … preferably out of state .
with that said , fall kabib , here 's more : from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
no defense of these scumbags at all , but serious question - where would one find the charter for 211 that explains these " white supremacist " principles ?
yes , i 'm well aware there are white supremacist prison gangs like aryan nation , etc .
in another article , the founder indicated 211 was formed as protection against the more - numerous black and hispanic prison gangs .
does being an all - white prison gang automatically constitute a " white supremacist " gang ?
do the bga , mm , surenos , nortenos , etc , then constitute " black / hispanic supremacist " gangs ?
leaders of the aforementioned gangs have been spread around the country 's penal system for years , to where the mm is now found in every state .
was the doc responsible for planting those seeds , as well ?
i m gazorpazorpfield , give some enchiladas you weak , pathetic , white , dumb , stupid , idiotic , retarded _ * piece of shit * _
welcome sourcex , i hope you will read more and maybe become a white nationalist , i refrain from calling myself a racist because i do n't hate other races but a white nationalist because i want to preserve my race and culture and to live in a white country .
welcome beaner gangs
yip .
how do you know when trump is lying ?
his lips move .
stop gassing these hoes
you are aware that there were shipping lanes and trade for as long as there has been civilization .... hemp is cannabis , ignorant ones .
hemp ran this whole world as rope , sails , feedstock , etc .
the govt actually asked farmers to grow hemp for the war effort .
ask anyone from kansas .
hemp can still be found in ditches .
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hemp_for_victory&ved=0ahukewjjqsbzvejuahxflmmkhqzgd2sqfgg-mao&usg=afqjcngxcetaof8_r39v6yfzd01ovwusiq 

 henry anslinger , boyd you should remember him .
he is the one who ran propaganda against you guessed it !
mexicans and blacks .
wow we are still using them as scapegoats , huh ? !
imagine that .
110 billion $ of weapons so they can keep their people down and continue their greedy religious dictatorship unchallenged .
i 'm so bored of the " terfs vs trannies " garbage and wish everyone could shut the fuck up about it , both sides not just " terfs " .
we have so many bigger fish to fry . "
terfs " have literally no power at all , idk why so many people think they 're such a huge threat to trans people .
i 'm infinitely more concerned with the fact i have mountains of student loan debt and rely on medicaid for healthcare , or the fact the earth is basically fucked from climate change , than some idpolista calling me a man in a dress or some shit
we have two things wrong here , mexcicans in a white homeland and a pizza company sending a female in harms way .
judge and whose idea was it to take < number > shots at < time > on a tuesday me mine your honor judge so are you me yes your honor i am indeed a very dumb bitch you caught me
you must be an illiterate .
however , let me just spell it out for you .
why ca n't you explain what a " latino , " is ?
is this supposed to be a nationality ?
or an ethnic group ?
or an easy catch - all word ?
yeah , if someone defies a stereotype this upsets you ?
what ?
machismo is supposed to be the antithesis to acceptance ?
in other words , by labeling someone as a machismo person this is supposed to make them wicked and less tolerable ?
the story wants to make machismo and latino the butt of intolerance and hate .
however , it only weakens a one - source story , so common to lazy writers and inept editors .
so five beaners will not be collecting welfare
what ?
you 're not mexican .
you look filipino .
trust me - i know what filipinos look like .
round up these foreing invaders from mexico and send them back
hey dunks , did you not notice the hispanic names of the crminal drug dealers ?
of coyrse they are illegal immigrants .
thank you pres .
trump
i would think permanent solutions were better than temporary ones
< user > the gag is they been gay
asia for asians africa for africans whites countries for everybody there will still be asians in asia and africans in africa but the west will be blended brown this is white genocide whites need a safe space to propagate their gene pool and preserve their culture
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
' a ' post that fishorspoon responded to is one i decided to look at .
could have been any of the ones on my mute list .
the rg does n't disclose who it is until a message is unmuted .
hope you can understand and accept that there 's no tuning in .
your dial might be stuck on the unmerited ego station .
we have much , much more than 50 years of records .
the research literature on the subject is voluminous , and has been conducted by universities and research institutes worldwide .
i 'm not sure what you mean by the " billions of years theory " unless you 're a young earth creationist .
if that 's the case ( and maybe it 's not ) , there 's no point in continuing this discussion .
but if you want it , you can have the last word .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > unironically if the slaves in india and africa ever get freedom it will be only bcz white men are sent over there to earn it for them same as it ever was but we never get credit for being liberators only oppressors
why are you right - wingers being so mean to sophie and justin ?
what is it about their style of governance that you people find so threatening and scary ?
the personal attacks launched at the inquiry shows that those folks are on to something - white males are indeed finally being cornered because they see their privilege threatened .
mel ( zhe ; hir ; hir )
there is so much anti american scum running around .
and you can see the white race destroying itself ,
my daughter said , ' mom , i hate mexicans ! '
i told her you ca n't judge all mexicans because of one but , you can say they are all short .
what is the most common name said in prison ?
ben dover
kill yourself sjw trash
water ?
are you saying we should tax the columbia river ?
if they do n't pay , where are we going to put all that water ?
on today ’ episode of white people virtue signaling
caldwell is hawaii 's trump .
it is time .
america .
it is time for racist america to accept responsibility and be held accountable for creating a despicable racist monster as donald trump .
the key to trump ’s rise to power is america ’s pride of its slave days and the wanton killing of native americans of the american west .
what we see and experience today is part of that legacy .
there is no other explanation .
that legacy is here in anchorage with the wanton killings of native people   on our streets , run down like animals and left to die .
it is in our cities by rogue hate cops killing black and brown people at will .
donald trump , with all of his hate and bigotry , from his “ hate obama is not an american birther ” days to his kick all 11 - million hispanics out , is your creation .
i can only conclude that might include some of my hispanic family .
and the white media ?
they all smile and laugh about trump like high - school kids watching a school - yard bully .
i hope i made someone laugh that was having a bad day and for one second they had some joy .
why does the top of everest look like a trash dump ?
everyone leaves a flag , and a body
ok , so expect for false myth popularized by movies and a poem to attempt to eliminate jesus , santa has nothing to do with christmas .
most of us knew that .
there is so much anti american scum running around .
and you can see the white race destroying itself ,
i would sell you faith but you niggas do nt believe
settlement and its naturalization then condi tioned the emergence of modern queer formations including their inheritance and sustaining of colonial biopolitics in the form of settler homonationalism
someone should remind the wetback that what he is saying works in both directions means mexico has no borders either
trump is hitler incarnate .
the fourth reich begins januar 20 , 2017 .
he has already announcedhis targets : 
  mein trumpf 
 vol .
one : a reckoning 
 1 .
the hispanic peril 
 2 .
the arab peril 
 3 .
the black peril 
 4 .
the female peril ...
if the census can ask if your female or male if you 're white black hispanic asian or other then it most certainly can ask if you are a legal citizen
" baby dad material " because he 's black and you want mixed kids called jayden .
a bitch , a ho and a mexican .
< repeat > .
< repeat > ent into a bar and all got picked up .
the mexican by border patrol , the ho by a john and the bitch by your dad .
in /r / relationships a 16 year old boy discusses his mother , who does not use the child support his dad pays her for his welfare nor support , and is forcing him to pay for all his needs
you have women in your house trying to be like men and men trying to be like women ... hollywood 's wicked gender ideology has been hammered into you and you think it 's " normal " .
gtfo !
ever notice that the " mules " are predominately hispanic ?
oops !
can i say that now in our hyper - sensitive culture ?
or does my accurate observation mean i 'm a racist ?
yeaaah .. probably .
you need to get your movement going to keep blacks , hispanics , and gays in their rightful place .
paul ryan .
well , obviously , sr .
campbell is not one of the nasty women .
i disagree with some of her positions but she 's not --- i certainly don;t think --- a " nasty woman . "
you only got into [ my university ] because you 're native american and mexican .
i had to work harder to get into this same honors program , and that 's not fair .
whatever ivan bollockov you keep flapping like a bitch i will get your dad to turn your wifi off and confiscate your phone
liberals are condescending and think we are all too dumb to be exposed to some latin .
if we do indeed have gaps in our employment , we have a whole work force sat on their backsides in prison , get them picking fruit and veg at least 25 hours a week , give them a work ethic .
we do not need unskilled criminal migrants over here , url
the cbr is down to $ 4.68 billion as of january 31 from $ 7.3 billion in in fy 2016 .
what happens in less than two years when the cbr is gone ?
http://treasury.dor.alaska.gov/investments/constitutional-budget-reserve.aspx
thank you ward : that was a wonderful ali interview !
what a great guy , brilliant and funny .
what he said , of course , absolutely is true , in its day .
black men walking around with white women were in grave danger in much of this country ( still are , in places in the s and w … ) .
with the destruction of the black race ( drugs and incarceration ) and identity that took place in the 20th century , a " black is beautiful " message was a wonderful one to focus on .
black muslims were law - abiding , brooking no criminals in their church .
no drinking .
you may wish to note that , until very recently , catholic priests strongly urged catholic boys not to propose to non - catholic girls .
are n't you outraged ?
same with jews : intermarriage is frowned upon , though , unlike catholics , a woman really ca n't become a jew in traditional sense .
so if everyone hates white people , why do males of every nationality love white women with blonde hair ?

kari , you have the word ' probably ' but not with respect to " mark 's was the first " and " the gospels were written 30 - 70 years after jesus died . "
as i was writing about what i had mentioned to you before , i meant of course you wo n't look at my probabilities .
mine .
if you did look , you obviously did n't look very closely .
as for the rest , i was just writing about something interesting to me to which you are under no obligation to respond .
the themes of love and coming kingdom are valid and worthwhile spiritual expressions .
40 years from now , historians will still be uncovering the graft that is taking place in this administration .
just as you should have remained in california , instead of coming to ak & then trying to force your leftist ideals on the people here .
i 'm scared to tell my mom that i got a tattoo if you 're mexican ... you 'll understand why i 'm shitting bricks
< user > < user > what wrong that she calling them white supremacists when they are literally jewish
its silly for you to say they wo nt - eventually .
how long before a homeless person makes a claim against the state via aclu ?
not very , is my guess .
< user > like i have been saying for awhile now that soon the left ideology will lock horns with the islamic one total shit show
bitches be childish
< user > i stand by refugees
my advice is just do not be too nice to niggas
why did i click on your profile ?
you gave no source anyway , you just are a hateful human being .
good grief .
you have been given sources by others disproving your statements , but no you did n't , once you cited the hatesub gc , that is used only to missrepresent transgender people and to deny their existence
we are talking about people dick not m ms and the same can apply for white men should we ban white men or ban them from buying guns
breanna warner , from oregon community credit union was contacted prior to today about a week ago my va was rejected and now i have now means to support my wife and children her are african american , hispanic and native american ... i have contacted katy farringdton , travis , chrisine and natalie .... this is sheer racism
i have nothing against blacks asians hispanics mixed but if you include them in movies or video games it forced diversity 😡 😡 😡 😡
msm tatics if shooter is not white bitch about gun control if white use the nazi angle blame trump and probably roll out gabby giffords and the usual suspects
if you 're going to acuse me of being a transphobe because i would n't date somebody whose biological sex is male but identify their gender as female , i 'll start voting like an actual tranphobe .
i have to remind myself that kind of accusation is coming from extremists that do n't speak for the larger community .
i still am hungry for torchy 's ....
ok , so expect for false myth popularized by movies and a poem to attempt to eliminate jesus , santa has nothing to do with christmas .
most of us knew that .
rt @jihadistjoe : we muslims have no military honour whatsoever , we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men , women & children http : …
white supremacists are forming global networks much as jihadis did prior to < number > < number > and are learning from jihadi tactics the brief said
it 's ok .
we will watch as president trump , in his total lack of compassion and wisdom , sends 800,000 hispanics back to mexico in a show of pure arrogance .
we will also watch , further down the road , as these 800,000 mexicans turn their country into one of the top 5 prosperous nations on this planet .
and then , the u.s. will fast become the poor " mexico " of the 21st century and continue to wallow in it 's collective self - righteous racism and bigotry .
how noble of you to stand up for those down trodden millionaires of this country .
lucky for us , trump agrees .
the rich will see huge tax cuts and anyone in the middle class or below will be grateful for the extra tens of dollars in their paychecks .
every day i try to believe the world is n't as fucked as i think it is , that people are n't as fucked as i think they are ... as i see they are
hmm ... all i can say , really , is go with your heart !
if that leads you to living the life of a cis person , then go ahead , you 're valid either way .
if that means transitioning , then do that !
it 's about what you want to do , there s reason to be fearful about whether you are or are n't , just be you .
of course it will take a while to discover who you are , but it takes everyone a while .
i wish you the best of luck !
@clairecmc # mississippiraids # iceraids who do you think brought them here ? ?
yes that 's right !
and why ?
because they can pay them less and abuse them and make them pay for the abuse done to them , by docking their already low pay !
url
# yesallwomen feel a combination of pride and rage at the popularity of # yesallwomen .
yes , finally , but why did you take so long ?
why do mexicans make tamales for christmas ?
so they have something to unwrap
sadly , my indian guest on # volklore to discuss aryan culture is facing bullying from other indians who dislike him being friends with white woman and believe aryans originated in india and the western academic view on central asian origin is “ racist . ”
girl : : where is your family from ?
me : : italy , spain , and puerto rico .
girl : : you 're just saying you 're puerto rican to be cool , you 're too pale .
used to be just saturday nights that east burnett would get me now it 's saturday afternoons and nights
i need to marry a man w this mentality url
go grab him faggot , and see what happens .
i voted liberal , and do not regret not voting for harper .
it was time for him to move on , and the conservatives needed a time out from power .
nothing corrupts more than too many consecutive terms .
but i wo n't be voting for trudeau and the liberals again .
pimlico racetrack area is weird two sides of it are complete ghetto dumps while the other two sides are still fairly decent even w some upscale people living there i love the track itself just hate the west south sides of the track
< user > first impression on you negro nickname i have for you in my head negro how close we are in rating < number > how much i like you < number > one thing i dislike about you sometimes you are super annoying what you mean to me homie best feature feet
of course she 'll get the nomination over me .
she 's a minority .
the census will show the browning of america and the fact that democrats have to import voters to win elections there are not enough guilty whites or blacks for them
if i would be in your possition i would give better marks to white children in your school and later that they could get to better universitys .
depression runs in the blood that 's why i drain it
all the " pro - life " representatives just love cheering on and funding never ending war .
they love pleasing their defense contractor lobby groups by giving israel 38 billion worth of aide , 38 billion of our tax dollars , that israel must use to purchase weapons from us defense contractors .
how many pregnant palestinian women , babies do you think died last time israel " mowed the lawn " with our weapons ?
to be fare obama was more than happy to sign that one .
pro - life reps , love to cut the social safety net , which hurts children the most because a lot of aid goes to single mothers .
let 's face it " pro - life " is really just " punish women for having sex . "
that was little barackie first intimate encounter with a black moochelle man no wonder he had such a hard time leaving that last white chick he was banging
why try to save medicaid expansion if paul ryan is hell bent on eliminating medicare and social security ?
just watch " food inc." ... the usa has put traditional farmers out of work in order to produce unpalatable chicken , beef products or pork products from tortured animal slaves that never see the light of day .
do n't bring their agriculture products into canada just because they may be cheaper in price ... how many recalls of poisoned food in the usa do we have to hear about ?
i 'm thankful that in canada we can at least still find free range meat products and vegetables with some taste , that likely wo n't make us violently ill or disgustingly obese from corn - based sugar products which is what the usa is producing and pushing .
bernier 's little note is interesting but says a lot more about what he does n't know about the disgusting food production in the usa .
in other words -- when scripture says things you do n't like or agree with you will just throw out the book or phrase and claim " god did n't write that , man did . "
luther did that too -- only he did n't like scripture that did n't teach his pet doctrine justification by faith alone .
either way -- throwing out scripture because of it not conforming to our personal ideology or agenda is a hallmark of protestantism .
then again -- if you get to do that with moral teachings , i get to do that with social teachings .
thus when scripture tells me i have to care about the poor -- i will just claim " god did n't write that .
x wrote that so i can ignore it . "
you know -- there could be something to this liberal dissident thing .... maybe it is n't so bad after all -- because if you get to throw out teachings you do n't like , so do i !
catholic social teaching offends me -- so i am throwing it out .
i do n't like the ideology of pope francis , so i will ignore him .
you think that jew son of an fbi agent and that bald spic dyke needed school to teach them to hate whites and white society
a truly exciting development .
alaska needs many , many more projects like this throughout the state , and we have the resources to support them .
congratulations !
after a breakup niggas go fw the hoe they talked the most shit about 😂
islamic jihadis are his allies and brothers no fucking words wow you spoke to me first i am simply explaining why i support islam sharia being introduced to the west and why islamic jihadis are my friends brothers and allies you women chose not to be my allies and that s fine
< user > < user > dear lady basically u r advocating riyasat e madina with caliphate where non muslims 3 rd class citizens i am sure u r aware how sikh hindu christains minor girls abducted raped and converted to marry old muslim men u want that to replicate in kashmir
kamu is a race baiting homo .
and that fat cunt better carry vasoline , it will make it easier on her when a patriot stomps that fatass and sticks her weapons up her ass .
@noobbuddy the lgbtq+ community is full of pedos .
myself paul jayda fransen enjoying a bit of downtime from our stressfull dangerous lives well never surrender to islam we are christian soldiers ns we are the people
you have women in your house trying to be like men and men trying to be like women ... hollywood 's wicked gender ideology has been hammered into you and you think it 's " normal " .
gtfo !
thus whites have to wait until they become a minority in their own country and then they can have their pride too .
me sucking dick from my " bros " all the way till college and saying " no homo " vs me in college 💅 url
republicans win ... alaska 's removable resources will be taken via lisa murkowski before you blink your eye .
skinny old woman like to impress handsome l48 men .
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
< user > i peeped your avi you definitely look like the ghetto ass auntie that you are 😂 🤩 💋
my daughter said , ' mom , i hate mexicans ! '
i told her you ca n't judge all mexicans because of one but , you can say they are all short .
those 4 bitches represents terrorists and illegal immigrants .
why do you assume he or other latinos are only capable of doing field work ?
you might just be more surprised by the holy spirit than any of us .
:-)
the only thing i wish for ... 
 is to earn enough money to buy a porsche gt3 rs  
  
 what are ur wishes except waking up as a chad ?
< number > from the immigration stuff today the changes would spare so called dreamers on a conference call with reporters a dhs official stressed that the directives would not affect obama era protections for illegal immigrants who came to the u.s .
as children and others given a reprieve in < number >
just listened to @xxxtentacion and i m fucking digging it & # 128514;&#129305;&#129305 ;
@arynewsofficial @iaalikhan political is so sweet hog bone 🦴 in pak for nawaz families they must licked it all times tills there graves they been lies to the nation last 35 years we as nation trusted these s son of bitches now times to flushed them the toilet to get rid of disease
what do you call interracial marriage ?
beauty and the beast .
but black women are humans lmao
on record , that 's the gimmick !
alaska has been much warmer and much colder many times in the past but it was before records were kept .
nome beach levels have been higher and lower than the present beach and i saw palm leaves pulled up from drill holes in prudhoe bay .
ahem !
attention bc residents :   this is the risk ... the 4.5x risk ... of moving oil by train instead of pipelines .
do yourselves and everyone else a favour and stop the opposition to tmpl .
let 's review‼️ 🔸 i am hated for skin color   🔸 called names by actors who thank goodness i do not know‼️ 🔸 crazy people spitting and urinating on food at public groceries‼️ 🔸 masked violent people attacking innocent people‼️ i think we have a systematic problem‼️ url
none of these criminals who have broken the law are in jail .
they are simply detained until we can ship them back to whatever shit hole is next door to whatever shit hole they came from .
eh kinda .....   if there 's no one there and the colonizers show up .
they get it .
if they come back and want " their spring land " back ... well too bad should have had your defenses ready and protected your own .
that 's earth
he shows his wetback hating colors see you are a white hater do not worry that muzzie will see the gallows
my baby boy asleep with my monkey that i had since i was little !
i love my son so much !
http://t.co/iosarfs3ro
i totally agree .
please keep doing what i voted you in to do .
go back to breitbart you sound like a retarded boomer
knowing historical facts is now an example of white supremacy
it 's time to leave this country if you do n't like it .
these women are a bunch of clowns .
you can read it however you want .
have a nice night and god bless !
that moment when you ca n't relate to the sat memes because you did n't fucking take it ...
yeah maybe if you ask out egirls and have a boy pussy
omfg !
it 's like little mexico beneath my floors !
new neighbors moved in below us and all i hear are babies crying and the bass of latino music !
you do n't need to pass to be accepted as your gender .
i came out to my friends way before i started even thinking about wearing my gender affirming clothing .
you 're beautiful and valid , do n't forget that .
kari , you have the word ' probably ' but not with respect to " mark 's was the first " and " the gospels were written 30 - 70 years after jesus died . "
as i was writing about what i had mentioned to you before , i meant of course you wo n't look at my probabilities .
mine .
if you did look , you obviously did n't look very closely .
as for the rest , i was just writing about something interesting to me to which you are under no obligation to respond .
the themes of love and coming kingdom are valid and worthwhile spiritual expressions .
trump is a racist sympathizer .
he single - handedly used his wealth and fame to perpetuate the lie – wholly racist in nature – that president obama was not born in the united states .
he has declared his intention to deport millions of law - abiding muslims , ban immigration of muslims , and has called mexican immigrants drug dealers and rapists .
he openly accepted the support of avowed white supremacists during his campaign and has done virtually nothing to distance himself from these groups and their political aims since .
the neo - nazi and white supremacist groups that marched in charlottesville are similarly transparent in their purpose .
they believe in the supremacy of white european christians over , well , everyone else .
in particular , they want to eliminate jews and blacks , and latinos , muslims , lgbtq folks , feminists ( perhaps women , generally ) , catholics , and many others .
there is no mystery here .
can i say that i have yellow fever ?
110 billion $ of weapons so they can keep their people down and continue their greedy religious dictatorship unchallenged .
ironic , the loss of ted kennedy early in obama 's term made obamacare probably weaker than with ted 's aisle - crossing skills .
mccain is an aisle - crosser too .
his absense may slow the replace or repair .
+ female russia dirty filthy disease carrying mexicans
documented tactics - our motives are clear 
 anonymously bogus sent to you from us here 
 a lethal proposition that you 'll read as you weep 
 while the bombings so relentless to deprive you of sleep
< user > fucking assholes it ’ all about the illegal aliens
wow , you are very understanding when it ’s a white guy with the “ problem” ... round up his family and friends and throw them out of america , they must ’ve known what he was up to , what ’s good for the muslims , mexicans and blacks should be applied to all ... i mean , if protecting americans is truly your priority ... #maga
" if you count the authoritarians and those that assume the worst of blacks and latinos , it is everyone who voted for trump for reasons other than party loyalty or dislike for hillary . "
what a ridiculous statement .
someone that voted for trump due to economic or religious reasons is considered an alt - right racist according to you ?
some old memories here lived in chula vista as a teenager wolfman jack was radio then chula vista nice homes swimming pools fruit trees no ghetto latino city no whites now chula vista illegals driving no insurance
no room for racism anymore the world is changing and war mongers selling arms your time is up we 've all had enough so you can get rich on the death of innocent people , your going to hell scum bags
those stupid liberals are just awful ! ! !
i mean , how can they think that its fair to infringe on our rights to shoot the gay and latino and black people , and keep the women in the kitchen !
i mean , is n't it just an outrage to assume that these people have civil rights ? ? ?
ice should deport all mexican or spanish talking cockroach from usa .
re : db 's reason for publishing this book ( from which the politico article is extracted ) , i do n't know either .
however , even allowing for a degree of self - interest , i think you are absolutely right : the dnc does not survive this without a major house cleaning .
we hear a lot these days about transparency : the dnc must be transparent in ferreting out the persons and the processes that left the party in ruins in 2016 .
i do think the presidency of donald trump is going down in the flames of his corruption , incompetence and instability .
in the end , the process that ends his presidency will be a political one ; but the political process will be driven by the legal process : the mueller investigation .
however , from the demise of the trump presidency , a revival of democrats ( in congress or in the white house ) does not necessarily follow .
the ds have time to pull this together ; that does n't mean they will .
" i do n't belong to an organized political party , " said will rogers . "
i 'm a democrat . "
i do not know why they make the carjacker a white guy tho it not realistic irl it would be a nigger or spic
i ❤ ️ watching niggers , spics and broke liberal college faggits who pay no income tax throw a huge tantrum becuz white people who pay income tax will get to keep a tiny little bit more of their own 💰
the problem is that , they are the vocal half of wmaf .
lock this post if you still eat bananas after they 've turned black
welcome beaner gangs
marshal law my friend .
not saying anything is going to happen just if it were to happen .
is this situation abnormal or in any way a " be careful " or in for the drama ride ?
i 'm sorry you 're struggling and feeling invalidated .
people can be so unsupportive and cruel .
my kid has many lgbtq friends who are feeling the way you are because of unsupportive people .
i can sit here and psychoanalyze you , but i 'd just be regurgitating what i learned here , so i 'll just refer to you to this website : [ url](url ) my kid 's friends have done it and it 's helped them -- especially the lgbtq community ( they suffer from more mental health issues than straight people ) .
<3
i retrospect it pretty obvious to see that obama is pro muslim if not a muslim himself he stabbed israel in the back tried to give millions to the palestinians and literally gave iran pallets full of money to help them further there nuclear and missile program
thank you ... i hope thay you all injojed in last passed football match croatia - england ... we was nt so much amused by losing the match ...
i am so so so so so damn homesick lately i hate it / (
go to hell you digital spic .
i hope you get circumcised by a comb
@tyler_wilde ch3burashka sure gets to be a nit - picky russian monkey / bear thing sometimes , does n't he ?
nothing to say really i hope she doesn t get raped or get called a whitey poor buggar she got a pretty shitty life ahead of her
true .
as long as they do n't consider themselves " conservative " then they can be low key racist & still feel good about themselves .
cnn lies is hitler ‏ < user > 1 h1 hour ago i know that hard to fathom but as george zimmerman or the residents of ferguson if cnn is not willing to gin up violence < number >
my grandmother died last night from hepatitis c and her last words were ... hepatitis c ya later .
it is one 's inner motives for criticizing the pope that matter .
is is an honest criticism or is it because one wants to be right ?
i believe that if a christian catholic is honest they will see that this pope preaches and lives the teachings of christ and that to disagree with him is to live under the old law which jesus came to fulfill with the new law of love .
really is that simple
my god , what were your parents thinking ? ? ? ?
that 's the kind of bitch i hate fucking with
it 's hilarious to me how many men who play video games for a living have the nerve to say women are n't suited to math or science .
" simply said the waste of life should have been left dead " how is that not wishing death upon someone ?
you americans barely even pay taxes , and it seems to me that any of these druggies are probably a much better member of society than you are if they get cleaned up .
the fact that you value your tax money more than human life tells me and everyone else much more about you than you think .
today all i did was sit on the front porch and sip cold non alcoholic beverages and watched < number > different tractors making trips up and down my street and zero niggers in donks blasting crap noise or beaners in pickup trucks blasting mariachi noises it great being white
the reality is that manufacturing jobs are not going to rebound .
in an age of ever - increasing automation , there is just no future there .
i 'm curious though - why are government , teaching , and healthcare jobs not good choices for men ?
you say they are " female - friendly " , but are they not just " human - friendly " ?
healthcare in particular is a growth industry - why would n't men choose a   career with a future ?
i work in tech , and i can tell you there is no shortage of male software developers .
so clearly desk jobs are not biased towards women .
update [ edit ] alabama election 21 % in 
 roy moore 51.8 %   126,494 
 doug jones 46.8 %   109,904 

 # alabamaelection
shoot a few of those border jumpers and the word will get out .
fuck them .
remember the alamo ! ! !
not many people know that the only difference between cinderella and princess diana was that .
< repeat > cinderella 's carriage did n't turn into a wall at midnight .
< repeat >
there 's a lot wrong here and i 'm not sure where to start .
i guess let 's just get the definition of gender right and go from there .
you seem to have mixed sexual orientation into gender — which is incorrect .
gender is just the expressed sex identity .
it 's what social norms for a sex you express .
it has nothing to do with your sexual orientation or preferences in a mate .
i assume he 's primarily referring to the federal government that is selling canadian sovereignty through trade agreements .
hey frank if i was nt on the other side of the planet would i do .
have you checked on dt sc membership ?
i would bet on it .
name one country iran has invaded in 100 years .
i 'll wait .
op is literally the reason this comment was made !
if people can get away with people for them being genetically " lesser " what does that mean for literally any minority ? "
gay people are a burden on society 'cause they do n't reproduce " * so let 's kill them ! *
i understand this logic but i do n't think any of you hear how horrible it sounds .
if you know that your kid is going to have problems at birth and you decide to abort that 's on you , but this is literally fucking genocide .
that 's completely true , i have a 3 - y - o son and he does n't like at all to play with brown - skinned boys or girls , i especially remember once a pair of twin girls came up to kiss him and he just ran away , it was the enchantment of the white man !
as former prime minister stephen j. harper said : 

 " justin is just not ready " .
▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ 

 " not ready " was his polite way of saying that the challenged and troubled justin , who at nearly 45 , resembles a slow , acned 18 year - old , should have been a roofer,-- if he did n't fall down on that job too .
a couple of points : 
 ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ 
 1 .
you conveniently overlook the fact prime minister stephen j. harper had a minority government during the 2008 great recession , and that the liberals fully approved the measures taken by him ( including a bank bailout of nearly $ 60 billion that transferred mortgages held by them to the federal government as assets ) .
2 .
hydrocarbons were and remain by far canada 's largest export .
any sensible person would agree with prime minister stephen j. harper 's efforts to strengthen this source of badly needed export revenues .
3 .
as promised , prime minister stephen j. harper returned us to a balanced budget,-- something that will never happen with the liberals .
marte williams , 41 , was taken into custody sunday after authorities said he was caught trespassing at paulus hook towers , the apartment complex where the bodies of 27 - year - old jacqueline reyes and her 9 - month - old son ivan reyes jr. were found tuesday morning .
you sound like the type of person who thinks calling most mexicans " rapists murderers and thieves " is n't racist .
oh dear , a bit racist is n't it , to assume latinos and blacks are " uneducated . "
i do hope you will think before posting such things in the future , it calls into question the veracity of those of us who , recognizing the will of the bishops , and thus the will of god , that mr. trump , the most christian candidate , the one who most exemplifies christian and catholic virtue and thus supported him .
winning winning winning why is it invariably groids who do this or r they just dumb enuf to get caught i know beaners r doing it also that why nancy and schloch want them in here born here americans will not vote for these s commies any more
i knew we d get the tareeqs and antwans to finally figure out those beaners are overing on all the free shit lmao
the liberal retarded assholes in the canadian government do not like it when anyone speaks the truth
it 's your contention that black americans vote democratic because " welfare pays them to " .
so what happened ?
it 's your racist theory .
are you backing away from it now ?
are you now actually of the opinion that black americans might be complex human beings who are motivated by more than just " welfare " ?
you keep patting yourself on the back about what you tell your republican friends about latinos , but when you get on the internet , you tell the denver post readers that you think black and brown voters are one big monolith who vote 'cuz teh welfare .
as i 've said , you guys are your own worst enemy .
comments like yours are why i will never vote republican as long as you guys keep spouting such stereotypical , patronizing , inaccurate , racist garbage ; i do n't vote one way or the other because of welfare .
i vote against the racist divisive party who thinks i 'm an easily duped idiot .
maybe i must make a thread of all my niggas pictures handles and all kunyiwe once
if my music career does n't work out i am without a doubt just gon na relocate to the mediterranean and live my life as an evil mermaid & # 128044 ;
notice how most of the demonizes are third world immigrants themselves ?
hmm , wonder if there 's a double standard there ?
also , gunther is the perfect example of why we should n't give these immigrants our high paying jobs , because they 'll either ,   1 .
use it to benefit their own ethnical countryman rather than americas .
or 2 .
send that money back overseas along with their skills and knowledge .
get these third world anarchists out of america 's capital and out of america before they completely turn this country into mexafriciran .
website is under construction but published .
updates to the website will be posted here .
lots to come once we get clear night .
i guess con season just started and like every year , i 'm not going to any .
when is that gon na change ? ? & #
128554 ;
omg this is how to deal with the faggots and immigrants from lesbia so fucking funny crowder is a genius
adolf hitler likes it up the ass .
a black man and a mexican jump off the roof at the same time , who hits the ground first ?
who cares ?
and you do n't like anyone exercising their own constitutional rights by disagreeing with you and kaepernick .
we have the right to disagree with him just as he has the right to disagree with honoring the flag 's culture .
those are our rights , not just his .
< number > of white women have non white babies because of the brain washing of the media they date men of color to prove they are not racist wind up with muslims ghetto men and members of the drug cartel
all illegals should be shot on sight .
precision of language asher , yr gon na get fucking released
here 's another : 

 http://usherald.com/breaking-two-liberals-busted-hoax-trump-swastika-graffiti-church-mainstream-media-silent/ 

 even before the election hundreds of hate crime hoaxes have been exposed : 

 http://www.fakehatecrimes.org 

 an epidemic of lies , but for some reason it 's the trump voters who are maligned .
only pistel use challenge try krke dekho bhai
oh , ok .
if the perp and his criminal buddies turn out to be hispanic , will the term " hispanic trash " be ok with you , or will we get an attempted shaming over aztec / native american / spanish history ?
please outline your racial animosity parameters and also any expiration date you may have .
trans people are n't an " attraction " .
you 're just assuming things about trans people 's bodies and lives .
it 's delusional .
you 're attracted to something that is at someone else 's expense .
that is n't healthy for your partner .
a major red flag .
how could payette say canada has " countless regions and municipalities " ?
canada has 35 million people , it would be hard to believe there are more regions and municipalities than that .
so being generous and assuming there are 35 million regions , this is a lot but it is certainly less that countless , if the census bureau can count this high .
unscientific hyperbole is the answer .
what would harry potter 's name be if he was german ?
harryan potter
+ zac young i agree ... his .. story has made it hard to see the truth .. but if the historical facts was nt distorted then we can mo e on ... its like you telling your mom you did n't do it and she believe your big brother just because he is older ... that do n't mean he was right and did nt lie to get what he wanted ... the black community need to understand stand it 's worth and then can start recovery from " slavery " and the mind set it brought .. this is still fairly new .. so it takes time and one positive move toward healing .. have a blessed day
ufc is a fucking riddy of a sport if there calling off fights cause a cuts 🤣
from a comment at sailors via unz 

 if donald trump successfully puts a stop to this cultural rot then , rather than the populist agitator that he is currently portrayed as being , history will remember him as a plutocratic hero – a far - sighted ( and fairly underlyingly conventional ) member of the elite
< user > lmao stop pretending you like jews us jews are too smart to fall for your dumb democratic bs you are not fooling anyone
first set of business cards for midnight auto springfield missouri i should have put it okay to be white but i did not think of it until now
when republicans say we need immigrants to stay competitive what they mean is they want your wages to be competitive with chinese wages
americans and irish understand each other better than spaniards and the beaners .. the us and ireland are the 1st world so they are educated unlike the beaners .
this fuckin beaner is dummer than most dummer than most where is the vatican mafia when we need em go was some more rag head feet u loser
how cool is that ?
just awesome ! !
@realdonaldtrump # istandwithbeto we 're not taking your sh*t anymore .
you do n't get a pass .
you do n't get to spew heartfelt racist rhetoric then expect a thank you when you read a cold speech from a teleprompter .
you are racist & the world knows it . #
elpasostrong   url
" ... corporate and intellectual elites . "
are the bad guys ?
trump and his cabinet are the business elites and i did n't know university professors , authors and newspaper editorials had such power to keep the american people down .
to the " things " with vaginas in the world , i do n't care anymore whether or not you get an abortion , dig the fuck in ! !
i wo n't have to answer to anybody about your decision , , but , , just do n't expect me to use my tax dollars for it … you pay for the shit … ! !
buy your own mess !
well , it almost is a " gun free zone . "
its lone 57 mm bofors gun near the bow is probably the only weapon a world war ii era warship crewman would recognize and call a " gun " and probably grudgingly at that .
modern littoral combat ships are really intended for coastal patrol ( hence the name ) and interdiction .
and just like you do n't see world war ii pattern antitank guns anymore , guided missiles rule the waves nowadays .
davis does not need to be concerned with some third party taking adverse possion of his properties .
it has been illegal in alaska since 2003 .
you would think that an experienced and savy land developer would already know that ...
politicians using ss tactics to force illegal refugees on villages towns now dublin is full to brim propaganda calling everyone who questions racist facist populist using media rte etc to get message across threatening families who do not want refugees with force storms ahead
what does the w in africa stand for ?
water
settlement and its naturalization then condi tioned the emergence of modern queer formations including their inheritance and sustaining of colonial biopolitics in the form of settler homonationalism
women go broke and start telling niggas they pregnant so send some abortion money
mm , wrong .
money comes from trade .
trade is made possible by industry and human need and sacrifice .
industry and trade produce capital .
money is a fiat that does n't come from government ; government just regulates the fiat .
governments only possess money because industry , trade and capitalism made money possible .
pennies do n't fall from heaven , and governments do n't create wealth .
happy new year .
these people are retarded and have < number > understanding of security seriously how can someone be this incompetent
how come ?
we are talking about people dick not m ms and the same can apply for white men should we ban white men or ban them from buying guns
fuckin weeaboos .
every single mass shooter in canada that i can recall had a firearms license .
one even used a registered firearm when the lgr was alive .
in the us they have lots of gun control .
some states have more than canada does .
what they need is perhaps more enforcement but certainly more services for mental health .
but ultimately if no one reports someone who they believe is on the edge , then no law in the world is going to stop them from going on some sort of killing spree .
the corrected related map link has been reposted above .
here 's a shortcut link : http://rgne.ws/2s7dijc 

 we apologize for the inconvenience .
— carl davaz , deputy managing editor
ooh !
i know this one !
we all just tryna get laid so that the next dude you squirt out ya sack has to figure it out .
san francisco has a great chance at having a mayor < user > angela alioto that cares about its citizens safety providing federal officials info on soon to release illegal violent immigrants is what needed to curtail the increasing crime in our communities that priority no < number >
< user > it by this weird guy who sexualizes and writes smutty fics about lesbian ships 😭 we will be dragging him
unreal i grew up in darwin and i ve seen the results of this similar practice by the coons there wow
@p4tr10tboo this is true , hispanics came here illegally , many 20 years ago .
they had 3 - 5 children , all american citizens ( voters ) do the math , there breeding like rats !
they have invaded our country , and won the vote !
can you explain what you mean ?
or is this fake news in your world of alternat facts ?
march 21 is the white man march against white genocide , march against # whitegenocide - march 21st 2015 and the 15th of every month is white defense day white defense day , the 15th of every month
tough son of a bitch too bad he is a traitor
tired of all white skinny girls thinking they can be models because they are white and skinny
trump wants to change the path america is going down he actually loves his country and even more he loves the people he represents .
he wants everyone to have a better life while rebuilding our aging infrastructure and creating jobs , he is fighting in congress to get this done , but it 's a tough fight as some of the republicans have gotten used to having the status quo and rebuff him at every turn .
then there is the democrats who want to socialize everything , all these programs cost massive amounts of money from american citizens pockets , in other words they keep the poor poorer and are bringing down the middle class to match them .
the democratic party knows very well what they are doing by bringing in massive amounts of immigrants into our nation and although they scream about the republicans being for the rich they are the ones responsible for the great income divide , it 's their policies that fuel it , they want us to be   poor , but socialism does n't work , never has and never will .
" " " drivin ' your friends crazy with your life 's insanity " " - guns n ' fuckin ' roses # classicrock # afd "
i strongly urge general @mbuhari to release el zakzaky .
the more he holds him , the more shiites will confront buhari .
killing them only motivates them .
they are not afraid of death .
boko haram will be child 's play compared to what shiites can become . #
freeleahsharibu # renosdarts
one possible effect of the tax is the same as the immigration policy used in this example : it discourages people from coming to canada , investing their money in the country .
beyond that , i offer this as an example of " rule of law . "
the rule of law is often not as laudable as we think .
depends on who 's making the law ... and why .
sounds great !
lets open the border and let these fuckin retards in !
< user > everybody is like “ omg delete this ” “ you ’ re so gay ” nah this is < number > this stupid bitches fault plus she recorded it 💯 💯 go isma 😹 😹
only pistel use challenge try krke dekho bhai
as former prime minister stephen j. harper said : 

 " justin is just not ready " .
▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ ▀ 

 " not ready " was his polite way of saying that the challenged and troubled justin , who at nearly 45 , resembles a slow , acned 18 year - old , should have been a roofer,-- if he did n't fall down on that job too .
a couple of points : 
 ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ ▔ 
 1 .
you conveniently overlook the fact prime minister stephen j. harper had a minority government during the 2008 great recession , and that the liberals fully approved the measures taken by him ( including a bank bailout of nearly $ 60 billion that transferred mortgages held by them to the federal government as assets ) .
2 .
hydrocarbons were and remain by far canada 's largest export .
any sensible person would agree with prime minister stephen j. harper 's efforts to strengthen this source of badly needed export revenues .
3 .
as promised , prime minister stephen j. harper returned us to a balanced budget,-- something that will never happen with the liberals .
trans creators have their entire accounts locked behind age restrictions if they upload a single video explaining their journey / experience as trans - folk , and that shit is n't even in y' all 's peripheral vision .
but if crowder gets demonetized y' all wanna cry " censorship " .
👀 👀 👀
@amandadonnell14 hope this rapist rots in prison then in hell , without his 72 virgins !
k&r only did it because pre - ansi c was weird .
some_function(x , y ) double x ; char y ; { code_goes_here ( ) ; } putting braces on the same line would 've looked awful .
when ansi came out , it got simplified to this : int some_function(double x , char y ) { code_goes_here ( ) ; } k&r never updated their coding standards because they wanted something compatible with both pre - ansi and ansi c , but they * could * have just thrown pre - ansi c under the bus if they wanted to .
@nancypelosi twice - deported sex offender charged in ca home burglary , you like to protect illegals nancy shame on y … https://t.co/uiedluhf85
how come nobody is talking about this in this sub ?
i agree with the other posters here ... just raise the property taxes .
10 % increase should do it .
if the average homeowner is currently paying around $ 5,000.00 that would amount to only $ 500.00 more per year .
or to put it into terms that liberals would understand ... 
 that 's less than a timmie 's a day .
just ask bob chiarelli
define massive amounts .
as we commemorate # pridemonth , now is a perfect time to research and honor the lgbtq+ trailblazers who made it possible for us to be here today .
the opening montage of # stateofpride threads together images from pride events , protests , and marches over the past 50 years .
url
yes , a lot of his followers are bots .
we have known this .
this is n't news .
sir .
please go text your mexican bitch , because i 'm not finna deal witcho childish ass & # 128514 ;
not unless white boys in rural kentucky counties are turning muslim
the most youtube thing ever obnoxious white dude defending himself from another more obnoxious white dude re making holocaust jokes while intentionally pronouncing holocaust wrong so he can retain monetization
i actually think that is justified .
who knows what her lack of good judgment will lead her to do .
in the name of " comedy " .
amazing her obnoxiousness was n't recognized for the lack of civility and good judgment it was and is long ago .
no " artistic freedom " justification or rationalization in what she 's done in any way .
much as i disagree   with trump , i think griffin went over the line into tastelessness and obscenity .
again .
give her no more public forums .
enough is enough .
i heard latinos for trump are illegal aliens .
all 50 of them .
what about dogs that send a good percentage of their lives living in a purse filled with credit cards and fragrant cosmetics ?
how humane is that for an animal that theoretically could still mate with a wolf .
i was thinking about what to do with the mexicans in the us , when my head started hurting ... ... i got some concentration cramps
you know he breaking bread if you see me wit the nigga 🤗
do nt tell me imma fake fan 'cause i 'm the type of fangirl that is supporting them although i did n't get a good background check smh
fucking hate sneezing and what has set me off i have no idea&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580 ;
< user > < user > melania trump is an illegal immigrant deport her and her family … no one is above the law
i see the ' sanctuary city / county / college ' " do n't tell about the criminals here because they are hispanics " paradigm as having a similar result to the refusal of blacks and hispanics in high crime areas refusal to " tell about the criminals " in their neighborhoods .
in both cases , other people become victims of the same criminals already identified as being dangerous .
the liberals are n't the potential victims , of course , so they are safe .
when that three - time deportee and four - time felon attacks a u of o student , then a change might occur .
until then , the blinders are on .
or maybe it will be ignored as just being ' anecdotal ' evidence !
or justified because it 's the victim 's fault .
why did mohammed delete tinder off his phone ?
could n't find anyone under < number > there
my beautiful blonde hair blue eyed niece annabella just turned 2 yesterday and it 's my duty to educate and teach her white values and her heritage because she is the future of our white race and will someday bring some beautiful white children of her own into this wolrd .
they are terrorists , and should be arrested
i may not have been clear .
i 'm not saying that clinton and trump each have 40 % of the vote locked up .
i 'm saying that among those who identify themselves as supporting one candidate or the other , around 40 % are considered solid .
yes , clinton has consistently been ahead in the polls .
can not really say that i feel bad about that one < number > dead spic faggots and a dead muslimic none of whom belong in this country is a positive outcome imho
in the 60s and 70s when in school we all were taught to pander to few minorities in the class ...... how 's that working out now in milwaukee ?
brown people complaining about america .. they breed like rats have 10 kids get welfare and still want more .. go back to your 3rd world shitholes and have another 15 kids
no one is asking for an all white world either < number > billion shitskins and under a billion whites does not make an all white world a black world let see oh yeah africa what a shithole
random , you are n't smashing shit .
not a single female who is smash material would smash a guy who is a fucking creep .
gtfo of here fam .
why do you talk about the ss ?
is that all you think about ?
i think you 've got nazi on the brain or something .
so tell me old sot , how many illegal hispanic votes do you think hillary got ?
because there are rebliable sources referencing how many legal hispanic votes trump got !
according to lisa and dan , trump can say anything he damn well pleases about mexicans , hispanics and black people but lisa and dan draw the line at white women .
now that there are no consequences for calling out trump , our 2 " brave " senators are finally ready to call out trump .
lisa and dan are some of the most cowardly and unprincipled politicians in the land .
republicans in alaska deserve the cowards they keep voting for .
a black man and a mexican jump off the roof at the same time , who hits the ground first ?
who cares ?
we will deport you all and arrest the rest there is no escape ....... this is americas purge !
a 13 1/2 hour working day when your hanging out just ai n't the one ... i 'm fucked me
do you really believe people evolved from apes ? & #
8212 ; not really .
i 'm quiet convinced with the evolution of man but ... http://t.co/1rswgnpltc
a uk - wide # depositreturn system could boost our recycling rates to over 90 % .
but it could also raise over £ 1 billion for local charities - 20 % of people would donate their deposit to charity , given the option .
would you ?
read and share the story > > url url
so people barely watch tv to begin with .
no big or hyper movie that came out this year features any trans people .
you know why ?
because trans actors are rare to begin with .
they recently banned pokemon go at the auschwitz museum .
you ca n't blame them .
things did n't really go their way last time someone said " got ta catch 'em all "
you got that wrong dude .
congress is full of senior citizens of all different races .
look at the crazy old ladies from california , the black caucus , the latino caucus and etc .
as ffar as nukes , we can stick our heads in the sand and watch north korea and iran developed them .
hmn is this a good idea ?
yeah , do n't these men know that all they have to do is put on some ugly lipstick , tacky knee high socks and call themselves something stupid like aurora or skye , then invade an actual pride parade ?
< user > < user > < user > no condoms can fail as well as the pill and sometimes people get raped abortions should be legal
timbuktu 's easter programme is now available online .
den building+survival skills are some of the many fun activiti … https://t.co/8ee4i6ywds
< user > ahh the old i do not hate jews i just hate almost all of them including ones who visit jewish holy sites defence yeah that works 🤨 get in the bin
no room for racism anymore the world is changing and war mongers selling arms your time is up we 've all had enough so you can get rich on the death of innocent people , your going to hell scum bags
< user > i ’ m in the ghetto rama da dan
maybe patrick brown needs to a - receive a lesson in economics and b- come into the 21st century with things like women 's rights , abortion , sexual orientation etc
you need to cum visit us on the island and spitroast my wife with me .
i want to watch you stretch out her pussy while she is sucking my cock .
< user > i am sick of negros always wanting a white person to come and save them white people are not going to save us
we need to shake ourselves from this patriarchal mindset of being thankless providers and get what we deserve bro .
url
every single brown person knows what " go back to your own country ! "
means bubba you inbred shit heel !
🐽
america is now a war zone .
thank god for brace soldiers like this one .
probably because there 's no border crisis except for the concentration camps which they 're trying to end
maybe we can send members from your family to tamaulipas ?
where they can be decapitated and fed to dogs ?
you realize that your disdain for your fellow latinos is the definition of evil ... what will it take for you to show sympathy for fellow humans that are being put into deadly situations because of the misguided ramblings of our current demented president ?
before he blacks and assorted mud ppl are repatriated they need to pay white america reparations for their crimes and parasitism we def do not need gun control we need nigger and cholo control belly chains blackbox spitmask hood while on the jpats plane on their way home
aside from philly allentown harrisburg and south central pa spic cities pa is an absolute glorious dream when you get to the country specially western pa if you get away from everything it a perfect place to raise a family
there is no place for a bunch of ku - ku - klowns in canada .
in the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century an english 
 three canadians was a member of the white supremacist organization anglo - saxon , wasp equivalent to the united states ( " white anglo - saxon protestants " ) .
four members have been prime ministers of canada ; 
 sir john a. macdonald ( father of « canadian federation » of 1867 
 but not « father of canada » which is sir samuel de champlain in 1608 ) , 
 sir john abbott , 
 sir mackenzie bowell ( a past « grand master » ( ? ) ) ,
and john diefenbaker .
in 1927 the “ orange ” movement gave birth to a more intolerant and racist group , the canadian ku klux klan , which had its deepest roots in small towns in saskatchewan because of the " yellow peril " , but also because of the blacks ... jews ... catholics ... 
 ( the “ ku ku nest ” in the province campaigned against= teaching french + wearing the religious habit + the presence of crucifixes in schools . )
hard to " swallow " , eh roland ?
( more to ...
and you appear to have missed coverage of trump 's remarks when he left for vacation prior to the storm hitting .
he fucked me hard and good .
now come clean me up cuck !
oh , and cucks little penis is still locked in his tiny little cage . #
hotwife1220 # cuckold # hotwife # realcouple # bisexual # biwife # creampie # chastity # malechastity url
@cathmckenna a lying privileged white girl who steals from the canadian taxpayers and shoots more shit into the oceans talking about " conservative " waste ... really mckenna .... really!smfh
someone forgot to read ' boating 101 ' prior to launch . '
install drain plug ' is high on the checklist .
bust out another thousand bro .
that is a completely retarded analogy it basically proves nothing besides there is a difference between the sexes to compare mindless tasks like this involves no critical thinking and is very inconsequential to say the least a monkey could actually pack a car if truly needed
saw a cute white medium size dog in he orchards on 7 th standard and mayer if anyone in shafter is missing their pup
here , here ! !
well said !
wrong .
it is a government facilitated invasion .
it is occurring all across western civilization .
the terms " immigrants , refugees , asylum seekers " have all been bastardized & weaponized to invade the mesmerized & hypnotized european white nations .
url
how could payette say canada has " countless regions and municipalities " ?
canada has 35 million people , it would be hard to believe there are more regions and municipalities than that .
so being generous and assuming there are 35 million regions , this is a lot but it is certainly less that countless , if the census bureau can count this high .
unscientific hyperbole is the answer .
what 's the difference between racism and amy schumer ?
amy schumer is not funny .
breed this pussy
this is disgusting and justin wants this to live here .
no you ca n't thomas- that 's evident .
the comment was rhetorical .
we know where the money come from- there 's just so many that ca n't believe that 's where it goes !
get a grip .
what is more important is what is the republican plan for america ?
lets see , you are building a 50 ft wall along the southern border , kicking hard working people out of the country as they might be terrorists , and will soon be proposing huge tax cuts for you and your buddies .
but you have never released your own tax returns which you promised you would .
why do you lie so much donald ?
and why have you gone back on your stand for single pay health care ?
this is one area where i actually agree with you .
shame you just turned out to be a liar and a blowhard .
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/05/05/trumps-forbidden-love-singe-payer-health-care/?utm_term=.6fa6f301e611
always with the eternal godsdamned incels !
they should all be burned at the stake !
the only ones going to hell are those heathens that come to our country illegally !
they take our jobs and hate black people !
their women are whores and a bad influence for our wonderful children .
how did obama cause the destruction in syria ?
i do n't buy for a minute that he played the feminist card when he was in university .
anybody who went to school with him want to comment ?
another option , when conflict does occur , is to seek assistance from a mediator .
mediation is a voluntary process in which a neutral third party facilitates the negotiations of those involved in the conflict .
the parties craft their own solution to the problem that can go beyond what a court could ultimately decide and the process can bring finality , closure and certainty all at a fraction of the cost of drawn out court proceedings .
disputes among family members are particularly well suited to mediation given the range and intensity of issues usually involved .
america is now a war zone .
thank god for brace soldiers like this one .
with the village people blaring from a < number > < number > track ghetto blaster slung over polly shoulder
just go ahead and submit , sissy .
you 're going to love being addicted to white cock !
let 's talk about the black community 's inability to stop using the word " retarded " bc ...
that 's funny ; you do n't seem hispanic .
found a transponder snail !
exclusive profile : those who follow their dreams !
https://t.co/puk0vchvbd # trecru https://t.co/f5xbr0vmzj
fvck all of you dumb btches i hope you rot in hell url
you're watching bird up , the worst show on television
why are mexicans always stabbing and shooting each other ?
block list checker : great tool allows you to see if feminists have added you to the notorious twitter blocklists ( and your ranking too )
ric were n't you suspended from this site because of your naughty tongue ?
yes you were !
are you going to behave now , or will it be back to standing the corner for you again .
so do those k̶i̶d̶ monsters who were brought here illegally !
/s
atl 14 bkn 16 q1 5:58 brook lopez makes 5 - foot two point shot ( randy foye assists ) p:5 r:1 a:1 s:1 b:0 t:1 fd:8.7 dk:9.75
how old are you ?
12 , 13 ?
because you write like some high school kid tasked with doing a " research " paper on the subject , but forgot about it until the last minute .
in a couple of generations , people will be ashamed to explain their kids what happened the first « non - native » culture specific to canada ; the french - canadian culture and québec culture .
22 years after the referendum ; we see the decline of french and the only french speaking province is the only one where english has improved .
this canada ; a racist , colonialist country .
cliché argumens about globalisation and openness wo n't work if yo consider the number of small nations preserving their langage ( sweden , iceland , andorra ) and being successfuf .
stop pretending to be the champions of politicall corectness .
the lack of interest of the matter in these comments show how much canadians do n't give a damn about us .
there fanatism about a « farce » bilinguism is a hypocrital expression of their nationalism .
at leart , stop the bashing ; it 's like continuing slaping to a dying personn you , ve beaten up to the hospital .
as far as i 'm concerned , all of this explain « partly » why i hate canada so much .
migrants in cages .
created by asinine democrat open - border policies .
send them back .
then they wo n't have to be in cages anymore .
we already have enough thieves and flakka addicts on our streets .
i am white .
you mods are racist scum and you can go ahead and ban me to save the effort of unsubscribing .
go fuck yourselves .
white white white white white white white white whiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiite
# whitepower ... i'll hang you nigger
sexual harassment is a two way street actually grabbing a man dick is a more severe act of harassment than talking about grabbing a women pussy resign from the view joy
i used to think conservatives were into conserving things , things like old buildings , sea life , wildlife , endangered species , the environment .
historic treasures and they favor national parks and marine preserves too .
boy was i wrong .
< user > tbh u ’ re one of the most retarded croissant i ’ ve ever met yet 😦
i would hate fuck this slut
i need meninism because girls wo n't talk to me for some reason , i do n't get it
amen we need whites < number > make invent enuff stuff < number > keep us maybe others alive pro immigrant shitlib heads spin when u say so you are < number > pollution sadly that when they say that why i am not having children so you are against nature ur against fulfilling the measure of your creation
drive to any major city in the u.s. you 'll see lots of white and black people standing on corners begging for money .
then go into any business .
the people who are cleaning your hotel room and serving you at restaurants are hispanic .
white and black people could do these jobs too .
they just refuse to do them .
so trump and his brand of racism is just completely out of touch .
if we kick out all the illegal immigrants , the orange crop wo n't get picked !
opening up new uighur concentration camps because they could n't fit all 2 million in the ones they have now
you are defending this dumb shit for creating the illusion that i should somehow care because i was raised mormon or that i am a kike because i was born into a mormon family oblige me with that retard level logic and just add to the dumpster fire
deport them all !
ban please
i fought so my daughters could be sluts !
@tankcontrol @nittacontrol fuck it lol who says a stream got ta have grown niggas in it 😎 🙏
hey after five years of searching i finally fell in love again .
in search of the first civilizations by michael wood .
i had a friend with benefits in uni who was indian , really nice guy and always really relaxed .
we 'd often watch tv after and he had a really approachable feeling about him .
no issues to me , if you 're hot you 're hot .
that bitch needs to be tossed south of the border deep into mexico with no papers let it rot in a mexican prison with men
" fill my nigger mouth with your white cock "
right .
so when republicans tore down the healthcare act by hillary in the 1990s , it was n't partisan .
the republicans spend a lot of time convincing their supporters that tax money should not be used to treat blacks and mexicans .
we are talking about people dick not m ms and the same can apply for white men should we ban white men or ban them from buying guns
it is cheaper .
do n’t forget to set your clocks back this weekend !
i ’m setting mine back to 1950 when white people were n’t the minority on my street .
fag dennis grahl from berlin needs a hard mouthfuck url
good looking couple pity only models who probably will not have kids or will mix white men really need to get over this traditional asian wife crap white women need to stop trying to prove i am not racist by dating dark young whites marry breed repeat
garbage dumpster fire mumble rapping shit stain in the underwear of life waste of space faggot crap !
@repmaxinewaters dear maxine .
i look forward to visiting you in gitmo .
i wo n't laugh at you , you will simply receive my prayers for salvation .
not sure what 's left inside your wreck of a body , but jesus christ is lord and savior , if you truly take the time to give whatever you have left to him
she 's mexican , she can be our maid .
in the video miley is talking about every representation of women and telling us that any women ( with the birth scare , fat , black , trans ect .. ) are important and beautiful , no matter what , she is talking of it does n't matter if we show our vagina or titties we are not an object and we need respect and we are all free , such a weird deep meaningful video ❤
why did you delete my replies are you afraid of the truth you dirty wetback < user >
the worst is they sacrificed virgin girls .
if they were to sacrifice someone , they should have chosen ugly old hags instead .
idc what anyone says , the song title is brown skin girl and i 'm a brown skin girl .
if you think it 's only for " dark skin girls " that 's fine , that 's for you .
how i see it tho ... if she wanted that or meant that she would 've named it " dark skin girl "
the key to successfully integrating immigrants from non western nations is to break up ghettos into individuals and individuals into giblets
it is public officials , aka , pubic servants , job to uphold their end of all laws , state and federal , if the states receive federal monies .
this is not " trump 's dirty work . "
our president trumps job is working for all americans .
illegal aliens are not american in any sense of the word and never will be as long as they remain illegal aliens here .
deport them .
ps " latinos " as you wrote are not all deportable illegal aliens .
to imply so is -- deplorable .
actually there is no way you can go back up the rabbit hole after you have gone down it .
to those tonnage totals we can add , thanks to today 's news , the ton - and - a - half of depleted uranium 30 mm rounds that were fired from a-10s against syrian targets -- despite the usaf having previously vowed not to use depleted uranium rounds in its syria ops .
ana navarro is a spic cunt that needs to shut her commie cock holster these pieces of shit declare war on us every time they open their ugly commie mouths how long until enough is enough
so many followers and nothing to say just remember niggers suck jewboys suck baby dick and faggots suck anything they can
there will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .
me ?
i 'm not sure i fit that label anymore .
i do believe in equality for sure .
" they just love each other " 💘 url
just a greedy kid .
reaching out for 2 toys and inadvertently fucking them both up & # 128561 ;
yep , that 's the headline alright .
you 're really disappointing me today , sil .
source this quote for me : 

 " obama also said that blacks were more likely to be hit by unemployment , and not to have access to healthcare .
the pain of inequality was felt by all people , and not only black americans , he said : " by african american women paid less for doing the same work as colleagues of a different colour and gender .
by latinos made to feel unwelcome in their own country .
by muslim americans viewed with suspicion for simply kneeling down to pray .
by our gay brothers and sisters , still taunted , still attacked , still denied their rights . "
his appeal for gay rights did not go down well with the many black clergy leaders in the hall . "
< number > amsyar • he used to look more chinese during form one • a bitch • uri dumbass • good advices • he always there if u need him • nice haircut • no emotions most of the time • lowkey hates everyone
i m tired of seeing that black and white ass eating video the bitch that s shaped like squidward and the the girl getting fucked and then suckin dick like bye
< number > amsyar • he used to look more chinese during form one • a bitch • uri dumbass • good advices • he always there if u need him • nice haircut • no emotions most of the time • lowkey hates everyone
who has n't driven 1 mile over the speed limit ?
but what is your point ?
that selectively enforcing the immigration laws by making people like the combat war veteran above jump through all kinds of prolonged bureaucratic hoops and expense to get his wife here is necessary while he has to live next to a house full of illegals who get free social services ?
all because we need selective law enforcement favoring one ethnic group over others or too many people will go to jail ? ? ? ?
.... the first thing that strikes me about illegal alien advocates is their lack of logic .
it makes about as much sense as the zoning laws in mexico .
@amandadonnell14 hope this rapist rots in prison then in hell , without his 72 virgins !
the good news is she survived .
happy fourth of july to you and your family .
“ i do n’t know where i am going , but i am on my way . ”
― voltaire
he shows his wetback hating colors see you are a white hater do not worry that muzzie will see the gallows
i prefer a toilet hose , you fuckin americans and europeans ( i dunnow about asians ) are fuckin disgusting with your toilet paper , at least japanese people compromised and integrated a water jet into your arse but fuckin hell guys how am i supposed to go study abroad if i ca n't even use the fuckin toilet ?
i 'll starve at this point
are n't you one of the people who ways say deport them when someone has a hispanic last name ?
this guy is n't from mexico is he ?
so i guess only people from mexico get the hate .
kinda like how the nazis singled out the jewish people .
trump and his cronies single out mexicans .
i bet people like you are so proud of yourself .
trump is the absolute worst thing to ever happen to this cpuntry .
no one is asking for an all white world either < number > billion shitskins and under a billion whites does not make an all white world a black world let see oh yeah africa what a shithole
bitches be childish
< user > lets go work out there with the white bitches
found a nice pride flag for zoophiles and pedophiles !
url
no .
normals , why makes you think life is worth the effort ?
lmfaooo why the fuck are you scared if you 're a legal immigrant ? ? ? ?
she 's probably an illegal immigrant someone needs to deport that fatass bitch
shock and awe .
raise your hand if this news is surprising to you .
one guy was hoping trump kicks out all mexicans and builds the wall when he himself is hispanic .
people hurt my brain .
women women women
tolerable slavs spanish italians greek hapas japanese maybe koreans chinese enemies blacks arabs south central americans mezistos mulatos indians pakis south east asians jews all ethnic even partially any mixes of these
< user > i did nt lose my shit over < number > guards being arrested you bum fuck racoon retard you sure showed me
satire ?
him ?
now that is funny .
whew , indeed !
20 % of your country is immigrants actually , and that speaks a lot about how shit the place must be .
bunch of fucking rats packed into sardine can , disgusting amount of population density .
lmao if you really think you have enough time to save that sardine swamp .
and they brought their shops which means they make money of off you sardines , which means they are n't leaving .
and if demographics continue the way they are , they 'll fuck you and replace in 2 generations .
in choosing not to fight his dismissal it is possible dr. marrus was taking the high road , and chose to let the issue die and do massey college a favour .
in a nod to groucho marx why would be want to belong to an institution that is so easily swayed by a few students .
necessary modernization during very volatile times .
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i 'll rape your fucking family if you do n't leave you semite bastard .
i will shoot you if you return , because you 're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick .
shalom .
we came in ?
talks about looks and working out you are literally a faggot who fucks a greasy beaner < percent > gay behavior
results # pc5 , quarterfinals : alan norris 6 - 5 steve beaton adrian lewis 6 - 5 richard north dave chisnall 6 - 0 mark webster
this is what the actual red piller believe , warning : mega extra cope fuel
any tax evaders need to pay the piper , no argument from me .
you seem to be hung up over girl dick .
rt @xpoppinwheelies : & # 8220;@1stblocjeremiah : all y' all bitches corny lol&#8221;rt
oh dear , a bit racist is n't it , to assume latinos and blacks are " uneducated . "
i do hope you will think before posting such things in the future , it calls into question the veracity of those of us who , recognizing the will of the bishops , and thus the will of god , that mr. trump , the most christian candidate , the one who most exemplifies christian and catholic virtue and thus supported him .
men are still ten times more likely to die on the job .
as we get more " equality " , i do n't see women taking dangerous jobs from men .
women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job .
if we were to have a another vietnam ( 60,000 killed ) , 97 % will be men .
men die earlier than women , but spending on woman 's healthcare research ( breast , ovarian cancer etc . )
is four ( 4 ) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research ( prostate , testicular cancer etc . ) .
the list goes on .
< url > < number > < number > of u states now have < number > or more immigrants and < number > states have over < number > immigrants as of < number > the u had < number > million legal illegal immigrants now it < number > million and growing by 1 m < number > m a year california is now < number > immigrant
i have n't cum in days , i 'm about to fucking explode
how did obama cause the destruction in syria ?
you do n't like spicy food ? ! ?
what about all your spicy jamaican / puerto rican blood ?
it 's in your genes !
hey the wall is going up so get over it ... 😂 😂 .... the killing of young americans is over ... mexicans bring the dope to sell to our young .... killing are babies and replacing with theirs ... black babies lives do matter ......... its the black youngsters that 's paying the price for open borders .. you know it 's true too .... you know you ca n't turn away from the true as young ones are dying ... the wall is going up so get over it .... thank you mr trump for standing tall for americans and their families and friends .... god bless america and to hell with the rest ..... in god i trust ...
with all the usual annual " we want a straight pride " bullshit , here is my annual riposte to it : panti bliss talks so eloquently - it 's required viewing , and just one good reason you will never need it .
@pantibliss # straightpride url
just broke my phone screen at the gym 
 is it a sign that i should never go outside ?
again with the whining .
it 's always about him and the perceived american victimhood .
they signed a deal and continued to break its rules .
got called on it and continued to break them anyway .
now it 's all about the big bad mexico and canada out to get the poor white working class .
meanwhile it 's the republican party and ultra wealthy oligarch like trump that have been taking advantage of the resentment they themselves fostered .
trump is just pandering to racists , idiots and cowards .
i agree , ed .
i just wish we had a better - crafted initiative to accomplish the needed change .
the fact that this initiative is actually revenue - negative worries me very much .
i 'm not alone in that   --   the sierra club and a number of other environmental groups have decided not to endorse this initiative because of its financial structure .
" ... the shining object that undermines the cause . "
this was a very good way to talk about the huge mistake the bishops have made in championing the ridiculous notion that it is some terrible religious burden for the little sisters to fill out a form telling the government they object to including contraceptives in health insurance .
we simply can not allow employers to control employees , limit their ability to act as adults , agents looking out for their own good .
the hobby lobby decision is a terrible mistake - making the monied elite the controllers of employees decision making in their personal life .
when we accept this kind of law we are endowing employers with the old rights of kings and princes and treating modern day employees as serfs .
we are further empowering the idea that all that matters is money .
i think there 's a substantial difference in a properly sited ground blind and a 500 mm telephoto lens from a half - mile away ( national geographic ) and an iphone or gopro from 10 yards on a well traveled trail .
also , as has been pointed out in later comments , the natgeo intention is for minimal interaction where the result of this person 's antics could easily have been the sanctioned destruction of one or both of these animals ( and still might be if they 've now been desensitized to human proximity ) .
we really finna elect biden with the appalling amount of rapey advances he made on camera with literal children damn lmfao
we do n't care what you think , homophobic prick
in a post about refugees , one philadelphia officer wrote , " let them starve to death .
i hate every last one of them " and " should have shot him " about a video of an armed , would - be robber .
other philadelphia officers made posts belittling domestic abuse and black lives matter .
> ... less brown people to kill so this wo n't be my problem . "
modern problems require modern solutions " -- donald trump
fuck : kikes spicks niggers faggots trannys commies faggot niggers   dirty zionist kikes jews jews jews dune coons your mom anal gaping aids carrying faggots jews again talib kweli donald trump   niggers   jews and jews .
katy perry or powdered donut
or possibly none of the above ?
yes , they are stupid .
low iq more like it .
useless trash more like it ! .
mexicans and blacks are the lowest forms .
.
if you are going to protest the pipeline do not become part of the problem inciting violence is not the answer martin luther king jr did an amazing job protesting without violence so can you ndpipelineprotest
same thing more or less , but why so defensive about fox ? ? ? #
maga
arguing that these " dreamers " have the right to stay here & benefit off the crimes of their parents bc its " not their fault & they do nt know that country so we ca nt send them back " is like letting the child of a bank robber keep the money bc " its all they have & not their fault " gtfo   # buildthewall
does twitter just randomly go “ and now no more media for tonight go to bed you bitch ” or like
all that i ask is that you do n't leave me alone in a fucked up world
caddle die you yourself die kinsmen die but i know one thing which never dies judgement of a deadmans life
whites wo n't exist in canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving canada to become a large ghetto
the economist recently had an excellent article on charter schools .
one irony is that unlike in massachusetts , where the charters are well - regulated and providing an excellent education , in michigan , where devos fought for charter they are lightly regulated ( because of the right - wing fear of any govt program that works ) and the results for students are dismal .
got ta keep some beaners in texas texmex is not shit like mexican is
i m gazorpazorpfield , give some enchiladas you weak , pathetic , white , dumb , stupid , idiotic , retarded _ * piece of shit * _
trump that fucking disgusting pig 🐖 and that sex slave bitch first lady is an immigrant .. deport her stupid ass .. and put their retarded kid and one of those cages and see how much they like it .. # white privilege kkk # fuck trump
yep , that 's the headline alright .
you 're really disappointing me today , sil .
source this quote for me : 

 " obama also said that blacks were more likely to be hit by unemployment , and not to have access to healthcare .
the pain of inequality was felt by all people , and not only black americans , he said : " by african american women paid less for doing the same work as colleagues of a different colour and gender .
by latinos made to feel unwelcome in their own country .
by muslim americans viewed with suspicion for simply kneeling down to pray .
by our gay brothers and sisters , still taunted , still attacked , still denied their rights . "
his appeal for gay rights did not go down well with the many black clergy leaders in the hall . "
no you ca n't thomas- that 's evident .
the comment was rhetorical .
we know where the money come from- there 's just so many that ca n't believe that 's where it goes !
get a grip .
it 's hard to get out of bed when you have to go do something you do n't want to do .
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > nuclear holocaust possibility has increased dramatically since trump withdrew from start proliferation redux
i want to see whites bused in there until the latinos are a 30 % minority and not outnumbering the asians , blacks and whites .
a hyper nationalist angrez with british passport is more indian than so called intellectuals indian passport holders freedom fighters who fights for civil and political rights ---- swayamsevak 's mentality ( 1920s-2019 )
man he straight up copied this from somewhere .
this is like saying that atheism is a belief just like bald is a hair colour .
also man do nt even get me started on sadhguru , effing charlatan having murdered his wife and prancing around with a hoard of brainwashed wannabe idealists
fantastic performance by the indian cricket team .
wonderful captaincy by @imvkohli & displaying true sportsmanship .
take a bow .
great team effort by all- @imro45 @sdhawan25 @jaspritbumrah93 @yuzi_chahal @bhuviofficial @msdhoni .
👍 👏 👌
before he blacks and assorted mud ppl are repatriated they need to pay white america reparations for their crimes and parasitism we def do not need gun control we need nigger and cholo control belly chains blackbox spitmask hood while on the jpats plane on their way home
absolutely nuffin !
waking up the morning after an acid facial looking like tuna sashimi .
forgive my appearance today @tonguetweets
< user > < user > because muslims nice americans bad wait did nt they attack us never forget
< user > he doesn ’ t really hate immigrants not white ones anyway he ’ just giving his base what they want
ah god it 's sound so horrible .
i can feel your anguish cause i have passed same shit .
my parents have really bad issues with lgbt+ community .. it sucks .
please stay strong and you have to believe that the only person that you need is yourself no one else .
♥ ️
it does not have to be perfect and eventually it gets easier keep scrapping white people try to have perfection and erase every bit of bias and what could be called racism the commies and blax just say shit they don t care it is a war not a math problem
@sairasameerarao i bet your town is affluent and almost entirely white .
25 yo virgin ama 
 ask me anything at all .
so people barely watch tv to begin with .
no big or hyper movie that came out this year features any trans people .
you know why ?
because trans actors are rare to begin with .
sorry that mere facts do not sway you .
also , as has been pointed out , there are good , moral people who do not believe that a fetus is a human being .
the one thing the enemy does n't want is a motivated and unifed white world wide network that is both rich in money and ideas .
luckily , the board members can be replaced by the vote of the condo owners !
now add in millions of mexicans , blacks , and white libtards and we 're all good !
i want my world like i want my laundry separated by color
fucking slant retard
there are scholarships available solely for black men , black women , only women , hispanic men and women ... but if there was a scholarship that only a white man could apply for , i bet it would cause an uproar .
just sayin ' .
is this fair in today 's day and age ?
what did my generation do to oppress any specific group of people ?
is n't it time for equality across the board ?
< user > it ’ d be an awful shame if nazis showed up and made things worse 🤔
despite sanchez 's performance , i would be reluctant to deal him at the deadline if the jays go the sell route , or mostly sell .
they could move donaldson , happ , liriano , maybe loup , and a few of the old guys if there any buyers for bautista or tulo .
i would keep sanchez , stroman , and osuna unless they get a fantastic offer .
i agree with you that we should not keep white nationalists , etc .
from airing their views .
if you 've heard their views , you know they consider blacks and latinos ( and anyone who defends them ) as undeserving of rights as americans .
how does a dark - skinned person respond to a white who considers him sub - human ?
i have nothing against blacks asians hispanics mixed but if you include them in movies or video games it forced diversity 😡 😡 😡 😡
suck your mother url
< user > or that face you make when your peruvian bitch blows your dick like a pan flute
control yo hoes ..
you only got into [ my university ] because you 're native american and mexican .
i had to work harder to get into this same honors program , and that 's not fair .
wind 19,4 km / h nw .
barometer 1014,5 hpa , falling slowly .
temperature 15,5 ° c .
rain today 0,0 mm .
humidity 60 %
oath sister ! !
i love the gays
why do mexican kids go around acting like they own all the schools ?
their dads build them and their moms clean them .
< user > < user > i know because they are retards
ah , if they manage to reproduce there might be some salmon on the pacific coast worth eating .
@collins sakwa nuclear weapons in the hands of islamic fanatics will not end well for anyone .
liberals are condescending and think we are all too dumb to be exposed to some latin .
# inislamyousurvive ما الذي يمنعك من أن تكون مسلماً ؟
what prevents you from being a muslim ?
url
was stocking this shelf of gatorade and decided to end homophobia real quick url
fasi for mayor ! ! !
i 'm bisexual , partner is a person of color , and we started dating because mutual friends kept pestering us to meet .
mostly because they saw us as the same kind of crazy ;)   i think being openly pagan is what 's helped me meet other pagans .
friends and coworkers are always introducing me to new pagan folks .
i would think permanent solutions were better than temporary ones
marvel confirms that valkyrie is mcu 's first openly lgbtq superhero url
all you clowns bringing up that he 's a christian so he should do better and such .
none of you would open your doors to any of these people so plz just stfu .
it 's as if you guys have never heard of a fuckboy stereotype before ... a part of is that they attract women even though they turn out to be assholes .
fairy tale the beaners are getting up there and the farm owners should be shot for treason
how ghetto do you have to be to steal from your friends
remember that woman wernt allowed a vote and woman were n't allowed in politics and woman were not taken seriously in politics debate : these radical progressives give women a bad name !
deport omah and make sure aoc gets taken down in a huge scandal
i do not know why they make the carjacker a white guy tho it not realistic irl it would be a nigger or spic
no use to " round em up ... send em home " ... the dirty filthy little cockroach illegal aliens(mostly illegal mexicans ) only keep coming back and brealing and entering , because of all the sick , evil demoncraps that hate america 🇺 🇸 👈 👀 !
landmines and sharpshooters on the border will stop em !
visit booth 1644 & amp ; learn about our new v(d)j solution for identifying paired t - cell transcripts from 100s to millions of lymphocytes # aacr17
ate his own food
fuck those dumb ass sperms .
we 'll now have to deal with another neck beard or karen because of this shit .
all of these groups who are not genetically dominant , who they call blak , are all illegally here on this planet .
if they are non blak , they are invaders and destroyers , they are the vermin of the scum ! !
all non blak people ...
a black man and a mexican are in a car .
who is driving ?
the cop .
hello bitch nice tits ahahahahahahhaha milky m ilky milky baby thristy mommy baby want milk suck suck suck suck ahhahahaha stupid cunt give me those big udders you slut ahhahahahah tits tits titty hahahahah honk honk honk slut cunt mommy honk honk milky
do n't worry about it !
it 's not global warming , it 's just a phase and a natural cycle the earth experiences every 10,000 years . (
just kidding ) .
i 'm a host at a local upscale restaurant and part of my job is taking reservations over the phone .
me : : could i have a last name please ?
woman on phone : : [ gives last name ] me : : and could i have a first name as well ?
woman on phone : : oh , i 'll give you my husband 's name .
it 's [ husband 's first name ] .
often women making a reservation over the phone will automatically give their husband 's first name .
it makes me so angry and frustrated - if you 're the one making the reservation , why do n't you give your own name ?
i do n't know if it 's a way of pandering to their husbands ' sensitivity about having a reservation under a woman 's name rather than a man 's name .
" what scares me is he never takes responsibility for anything , meaning he is always in need of scapegoats .
historically , this has been women , jews , blacks , hispanics and lgbt . "
never taking responsibility for ones actions and blaming them on others is a hallmark of a psychopath .
take a look at that sign fighting for women of all genders no there is only < number > female gender
i have no idea how anyone is seeing blue at all .
i see no blue .
did you guys see gordon ramsay 's facial surgery ?
he 's hot , but he 's no caitlyn jenner .
what s the difference between jesus and wetbacks ?
jesus does n't have wetbacks tattooed on his stomach .
ty for listening to b.h .
freedman brother yes i agree he shines a white hot light of truth on all the darkness that engulfs this world
trump please send all non whites back .
keep america great .
new video tonight ayyyyyyy be on the look out & # 129304;&#127995;&#128553;&#129304;&#127995 ; all i got to say is i 'm back on my old shit & # 128564;&#128564;&#128564 ;
that white bitch makes me angry
they admitted that the bread was not truly whole wheat and that the brown colour was from carmel colouring .
how do you get a child out of a blender ?
with doritos
newsflash :   they are n't the brightest bulbs in the chandelier .
the first clue is how much the left wants the here .
the left likes losers .
that 's their power base and it 's all about power .
know a few schoolteachers and privately they tell me how difficult it is to teach " latinos " .
that 's because they are stupid .
you 're missing an important point .
he not only wants to get rid of illegal immigrants , he wants to ban everyone of a specific religion from entering the country , and then register those that are already here .
he not only rails against mexican immigrants , he ca n't tell the difference between a mexican immigrant and a native - born hispanic .
these are the things that make him more than just an intemperate buffoon and elevate him to the status of " dangerous " .
los ingleses son demasiado blandos con la inmigración basura ahora también colocan muslimes como profesores en los colegios 😝
if this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in india ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor .
< user > if its not hillbilly cousin fucking town then yes for that price 🤣
< user > < user > i ain ’ t from br and i know this bitch word for word 😂
every gook in # losangeles should be deported or killed .
trlumfant , a simple question for you , did you make your way to china recently ?
he is also on record as saying that labeling street shitting as a barbaric practice is offensive and any white canadian caught saying such will be imprisoned for a period of not less than < number > years
y all going to war for that dick huh ghetto
tom perez the dnc chairman reminds me of lenin but as a spic so i am calling him spic lenin also i have not called anyone a spic in a long time can not let the old slurs call into disrepair
" @all_thebros i conflict ! ! !
so much " " jackie stop thinking what you 're thinking and look at his baby face ! ! ! " " "
has gambler ascended to the normal plane of existence 
 there is n't trace of him
it 's ok .
we will watch as president trump , in his total lack of compassion and wisdom , sends 800,000 hispanics back to mexico in a show of pure arrogance .
we will also watch , further down the road , as these 800,000 mexicans turn their country into one of the top 5 prosperous nations on this planet .
and then , the u.s. will fast become the poor " mexico " of the 21st century and continue to wallow in it 's collective self - righteous racism and bigotry .
you 're so right and they all seem to forget that obama deported more mexicans , salvatorians , and others than any other president in history .
i guess by the lefts logic that makes him a racist .
you want a crazy bitch until i sock you in your shit
niggas want a crazy bitch i m a give you one 😂
rt @jihadistjoe : we muslims have no military honour whatsoever , we are sub human savages that slaughter unarmed men , women & children http : …
so it 's only immigrants milking the system ?
every time i said i am fat asl ppl always looking at me like i am retard or something
< user > i will have my friend post lol the thought is there was no impeachment while he muslim banned locked up children still is separates families made fun of you name it enticed riots murders hid them jamal khashoggi and now he went after a rich white mans son truth 😔
do n’t forget to set your clocks back this weekend !
i ’m setting mine back to 1950 when white people were n’t the minority on my street .
transgender michael michelle obama make some phone calls .
next thing the criminal is let go .
hmmmmmmm
ban niggers and beaners poof crime across the board drops < number >
here are a couple of security cam pics from the armed robbery that took place yesterday but was quickly ended by police .
it would be interesting to see how anyone on here using a fake name talks to people in real life , you included .
i have a pretty good idea myself .
nice story about am .
he will be a force to reckon with for years to come on team usa !
they pressed 1 they pressed 2 they pressed 4 but the result was always same , the receipt shown vote for bjp # tamperedevms
and i have seen asians mexicans and niggers with the same skin color too so they must be the same race
her policies result in " white flight " from mixed - race school districts ,   leaving predominantly black , hispanic and other minorities in the school left behind , with less funding .
in other words , more segregated .
they take the white students , and the money ( head - count funding ) with them .
she has a right to her " different ideas " about education policy .
but it is not " silly " to to expose her policies for what they really are .
it is helpful to people trying to understand the issue .
https://www.alternet.org/education/school-choice-leads-segregation
yea it 's especially weird considering their proclivity for pedophilia and prepubescent girls .
i 'm guessing their logic is " chads like huge pornstar tits and all women care about is what chad thinks so therefore all women want to look like pamela anderson and if i tell them they 're flat they 'll be wrecked . "
really ?
a white man making latin chicken ?
unbelievable .
i 'm just happy they have n't tried to cast blacks , asians , or some other races like hollywood 's treatment of thor .
what 's the difference between a mexican and an elevator ?
one can raise a family .
the key to successfully integrating immigrants from non western nations is to break up ghettos into individuals and individuals into giblets
in the 60s and 70s when in school we all were taught to pander to few minorities in the class ...... how 's that working out now in milwaukee ?
brown skin girl ♥ ️ url
< user > < user > nobody is going to hate you you are an awesome resistor
god i fucking hate flynn stupid fucking idiot faggot i hate him i hate him i hate him
globalization has destroyed the communal life .
feminism has destroyed the family .
that 's where our empathy went .
why do n't you go there ?
better yet , go to russia where you 'll feel right at home .
mfs called me boujee and told me i talk like a white girl 🙄 sorry your ghetto ass does not know proper english and have zero class
this slut 's getting fucked by 8 guys at the bathhouse .
😈 i 'd love to eat his pussy after all the fuckers have deposited multiple loads in it !
💦 💦 💦 💦 😛 💦 💦 💦 💦 @dev_tylerxxx # gaysex # orgy # gaygroup # bareback # fucking url
this guy reached out to me on facebook apparently we are related and it from my dad side where both my grandparents were 2 nd cousins dude about to get to know his mexican hillbilly side
< user > if this country was founded my muslims it would be an oppressive religiously intolerant regime it would be iran
matt healy is homophobic and racist and i don ’ t want to hear anyone say otherwise
a pity .
shame neither party believes in real freedom today .
we do n't need a big intrusive government to protect us against imaginary fears .
come on politicians , show some guts .
stand up to the evil republicans and just legalize it .
stop being so afraid .
i remember everyone in my class lost his virginity by 13 .
by 16 they already had experienced everything , by 21 yo ( my age ) they are chill as fuck and no longer much horny while i   never touched a girl 's hand , europe is a nightmare for incels .
plenty of time to cavort .
i want to thank you for responding to my thread .
omg go fuck yourself wetback
white supremacist shoots people .
better find a way to somehow blame the left !
i love this this bit of your post " pick your moment .
do n't feel pressured , you can have a closeted life if you prefer . "
​ i think it is due to society being so pushy now with people coming out and being accepted ; however , i think that much of society , myself included , fail to see that coming out may actually have a drastic life - altering effect on the person which may result in a negative outlook .
idc what anyone says , the song title is brown skin girl and i 'm a brown skin girl .
if you think it 's only for " dark skin girls " that 's fine , that 's for you .
how i see it tho ... if she wanted that or meant that she would 've named it " dark skin girl "
i am not white i am jordanian and i hate niggers sand niggers taco niggers and street shitters if i could i would declare myself white it your cultures i most adore and cherish
tired of fuckin w these lame niggas baby i just need a thug
just because i 'm unattractive , does n't mean i 'm not human
deport them together immediately , problem solved
i love trump he cares immigration the undocumented immigrants and all that comes with it the military veterans and making it strong and stronger maga always putting americafirst does not turn his back on cruel leader like iran nk letting kim know do not threaten my people on my watch
< user > < user > < user > he is a fucking nutter is < user >
it 's not that sweet ; once you turn 65 medicare is your primary , and it was very expensive as pers payments were about 15 % of my income throughout my career .
if a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites .
i have < number > arguments about why white south africans should be welcomed as immigrants these are not the prime motivators for me but i think they are both cogent and presentable to the racially unaware
i guess col < user > was wrong about just pounding the table if the law facts are against your case the smart thing to do is pack the jury with wetback child rapists
i like my women like i like my cigars < number > years old and coming from cuba in a burlap sack .
it 's probably time for nancy 's next face lift .
she is one scary woman ( i use that term loosely ) .
if u liked my free foiiows tweet but i did n't give them to you i m so sorry hshs i genuinely forgot i 'll do them when i can get to a computer
< user > < user > police state they can not stop they want to kill all of us 😠 😡 😠 😡
i thought she lost it overnight , but she just sauntered into the living room with the damn ball in her mouth .
trying to make me look bad .
i walked by a group of 15ish yr old boys and i heard them say   " look look , that s the girl ! " "
ah fuck i bet her pussy is tight " " fuck i 'd tap that " can we sign a petition to erase all males from the planet pls and thank you i m tired of their disgusting behaviour .
i m a person .
< user > there was just no reason to include it the only message it conveyed was the faggots do not get to be happy
it 's hilarious to me how many men who play video games for a living have the nerve to say women are n't suited to math or science .
i hope your state has conversion therapy banned
found the congo on url > kid was indian or arab .
guaranteed .
> you 're fucking scum , it was probably you .
> find your safe space .
> fuck off you airplane wanker .
you probably diddle little kids you racist slob > ok .
i can see you 're raging .
try to find your raging .
try to find your safe space .
> dm me your asshole and call me daddy you twink slut
' 
 … .
you 're ' counter ' was what 's known as false equivalence .
that 's not a counter .
.
@theronuchiha bruh , we eat fucking freezes and ice pops from the corner store
there was virtually no media coverage of trump 's many rallies during the election .
in every   crowd , in every city , in every state were the most despis'd and curs'd white males , whom   we are told are the bane of america .
however , they were there with their wives and girlfriends who were dutifully labeled " male " or   simply ignored completely   there were blacks who were labelled   " white " .
and gays who were labeled racists .
there were hispanics who were classified as " white " or called " ignorant " .
they all knew they were being lied to , and lied about , by everybody but trump .
idc what anyone says , the song title is brown skin girl and i 'm a brown skin girl .
if you think it 's only for " dark skin girls " that 's fine , that 's for you .
how i see it tho ... if she wanted that or meant that she would 've named it " dark skin girl "
minorities ?
eat shit cunt .
how hoes be whole ass adults and ca nt drive
i want to stick my feet in your mouth and choke you with them .
i want to shove my middle finger up your ass and listen to you moan so loudly . #
footfetish # pegging # dominatrix
i 'm in a canadian city of about 30,000 .
i 'm optimistic .
this is n't the end game .
twitter 's announcement was a single step in a long path in mitigating abuse problems .
you brought up mexicans .
so do n't whine about my point nor complain about tangents .
simply ask , rather than make assumptions .
you did nt even make the most logical of assumptions but a knee jerk reaction .
are mexicans and africans the only immigrants ?
i did n't use the term so i have nothing to clarify .
but i bet if you used your noodle instead of your ego you could get in the ball park
america does n't have a monopoly on hate or mental illness .
what it has is a lot of guns .
url
so disgusted with these socialist / communist women .
who ever took the flag down should be arrested .
or shot when they did it .
if our ridiculous society would not make black people compete with whites asians and hispanics men like him would be the leaders of the black community
@dbongino @dochartdc this is cold and possibly sick but i believe these bastards that come to america to kill should be tried and if found guilty hung by the neck at the border for others to see .
these guys should be punched in the junk repeatedly to ensure that they never reproduce .
sweetest episode ever & # 128525 ; love it and will not forget it easily & # 128523 ; @isyafiqkyle @mawarashid # suamikupalingsweet
baked alaska should be called baked texas because texas is more known to be hot .
that s why i would never have kids in america
seen street niggas dick ride 🤢
i learned a new ghetto word
" we " is first person plural .
you 're saying that you , along with others , beat up fags and harass latinos .
keep in mind that a fag is teaching you grammar now .
your entire comment sounds like some sort alt - right hate subreddit meets r / iamverybadass
do not vote for any candidate with a jew spic sand nigger or gook last name or one who is a nigger period
thank you , ms kafer , for your fact filled , common sense article .
could n't agree with you more !
the guy is right , cuomo adds content that is not there .
why the focus on racist .
nothing to do with it .
have always felt in the back of my mind that djt fired comey in part because sally yates was in the forefront of the prog media 's obsession and headed for prog sainthood .
your right but i would say if nothing is done fast in 5 years irish people are doomed .
i want < number > walls all non white immigration stopped < number > million beaners deported blacks repatriated asians monitored and muslims removed the jews get the oven mix breeds sterilized fuck just get rid of the asians too
< user > < user > why so the little internet sjw nazis can find me easier i owe you nothing
i wonder how many cum shots the queen has taken
no use to " round em up ... send em home " ... the dirty filthy little cockroach illegal aliens(mostly illegal mexicans ) only keep coming back and brealing and entering , because of all the sick , evil demoncraps that hate america 🇺 🇸 👈 👀 !
landmines and sharpshooters on the border will stop em !
trump 's racial animus against hispanics ( mexicans ) started on his first day on his campaign trail - all mexicans are criminals , rapists , murderers , and on and on .
so that prompted the state of new york to lead a lawsuit against the united states along with 14 other states to stop the end of daca .
as with the travel ban , trump and his alabama - born and raised ag jefferson beauregard sessions will see their ill - fated white supremacist venture evaporate as it very well should .
" quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital " ; muslims are terrorists ; jews are cheap ; women are stupid ; blacks are criminals ; mexicans are druglords ; frat boys are rapists ; " quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital . "
i 'm not as articulate in my bigotry as potter , sorry .
graduate school seems like a good place to meet and marry a man who is as intelligent as she obviously is .
today two terrorist attacks with machete in buckinham palace and bruselles but in america the free media doesn ´ t say a thing but trump nazi hate speech white supremacist and even call the terrorism just a copycat of charlottesville violence that ´ why we need new medias and free speech
i 'd much rather see them locked in cages than let loose to child traffic , rape , rob , and murder .
if you want to end it , bounce them back over the border ... or execute them for breaking into our country .
i do n't care which .
url
that bitch needs to be tossed south of the border deep into mexico with no papers let it rot in a mexican prison with men
dickhead @realdonaldtrump anyone who needs to say " i am the least racist person . "
multiple times , is racist to infinity and beyond .
you 're trash 's trash you idiotic buffoon .
you 're what they saw in birdbox when they take their blindfolds off .
now do one of vox as a moslem woman getting stoned to death
mother jones - a left biased media source ; publishes misleading reports and omits information ; these sources are highly untrustworthy . -
media bias fact check 
 got anything from rueters on this subject ?
how many mexicans does it take to change a light bulb ?
i do n't know as i do n't allow mexicans inside my house .
lead the way and turn off the lights .
i 'll fund the parade .
both hillary and trump are civic nationalists though america has been civic nationalist for a very long time now we are really learning about the downsides of civic nationalism the spic nig cycle the hostile alien elite are logical consequences of civic nationalism niches waiting to be filled
there will be violence against us for some time the feral left will continue to attack us in a violent manner until they are suppressed by revolution or
" " " why did the chicken crossed the road ?
cause you did n't fucking cook it . " " -
@gordonramsay "
what 's the difference between me and cancer ?
my mother survived when she had cancer .
fucking gay ass chapos
nigga at work said i look like a subway surfer
spear of destiny is basically the equivalent of dragon balls .
can change everything & amp ; alter reality . #
legendsoftomorrow
leftist judge protects ghetto vandalism typical
why did nt u get these pants out the way my neighbor to the south ur anis wanted to shit down that roid raging punk axes throat !
and nick is a puzzy for spirting off at the mouth and not following that roid raging fucktard to keep him from showing his ignorance
are you a patriot ?
i   believe president trump loves america , more passionately than president obama .
i do n't understand why you always pull the race card , your reactions are exactly the type of generic   response most white people want to achieve , especially the supremacists .
you can blame poor white folks for electing trump if you like , but if hillary was elected or bernie would you be proclaiming that poor black folks from the inner cities elected them ?
i do n't think so , instead you would probably attack someone for making a comment similar to yours .
black racists are just as real as white racists , both speak in undertones of disgust , heck , i 've even met a fair share of hispanic   racists .
there is no point in highlighting race and pointing fingers anymore , people who are ill - willed always will be that way .
making america great again has nothing to do with white people having inbred children and overrunning your way of life , if you 're worried about white racists buy more bullets .
we should put your cast on a scale !
no sharia no cair no common core no muslin brotherhood no sanctuary cities or states our country our customs our way do not like it leave sharia law will never be accepted in america fran cifelli
every time zyrros posts a selfie , a kitten dies
women , do you have any empathy for single guys ?
sooooo ? ? ?
what we now just for illegal immigration ? ? ?
than do n't complain when terrorist come in like a field day .... idiots .... what a disgrace to anyone who suffered from 911 directly
bbc breaking news – 13/11/15 paris terror attacks part 1 ( 9 pm to 9:15pm ) https://t.co/xu8mwnqkry https://t.co/bk4bqztoem
ah god it 's sound so horrible .
i can feel your anguish cause i have passed same shit .
my parents have really bad issues with lgbt+ community .. it sucks .
please stay strong and you have to believe that the only person that you need is yourself no one else .
♥ ️
those boys will use the plastic whisks as swords , and the girls ' lego creations will consist of dollhouses for the few white dolls , with the dark ones in the adjoining farm pen .
thanks for the thoughtful and well reasoned argument .
the whites have become black .
i 'm scared to tell my mom that i got a tattoo if you 're mexican ... you 'll understand why i 'm shitting bricks
can you explain what you mean ?
or is this fake news in your world of alternat facts ?
twatter is dominated by the regressive left who deal in emotion not logic multiculturalism is a cancer that has brought down civilizations throughout history on gab it okay to be white and okay to speak freely
satan has influence too .
influence is n't itself good or bad .
the intents and strategies of getting , maintaining , and using the influence are the issues .
lol stfu nick " stupid white boy " wright .
shaq and the orlando magic may have beat up jordan 's bulls in the 95 playoffs but jordan went back and got his vengeance against them the next year .
stop discrediting one of the greatest legends you bron bron black cock suckin ' piece of shit .
your father should have ejaculated you on the fucking toilet when you were a shit ass sperm .
fucking white trash bitch ass dweeb .
go suck your mother 's hideous tits . , . ! ..
> ... less brown people to kill so this wo n't be my problem . "
modern problems require modern solutions " -- donald trump
if we 're going back in time anyway , let 's just split america , let trump be the confederate president , and then we 'll take @hillaryclinton
< user > for millions of americans including many black americans abortion is literally a holocaust of the unborn
rap battle 
 do you think you would be good at it
we all know nyc would never be the city that it is today without latinas in hardhats vaguely effeminate asian men and slavic women submitted to shar ia so sick of globalist propaganda and the anti european patriarchy subliminal programming mnyga maga
welcome .
your member card is in the post !
in all seriousness , it 's difficult at first with accepting yourself and the fear of others possibly not accepting you , but it usually works out well in the end .
get yourself out on that gay scene , you 'll be snapped up in no time 😜 .
did < user > sponsor the anti trump violence today in berkeley berkeley berkeleyriots taxmarch maga
gays y ’ all be dappin up ur guy friends or giving em hugs 😳 😳 😳
how noble of you to stand up for those down trodden millionaires of this country .
lucky for us , trump agrees .
the rich will see huge tax cuts and anyone in the middle class or below will be grateful for the extra tens of dollars in their paychecks .
why should they frighten you ?
you are n't black or liberal , or lgbtq , or latino , or muslim .
you probably blend right in .
mom called the police on dad the other day why do daughters always hate their parents so much ?
here comes silverstein to white knight for faggotry while taking potshots at < user > ‍ you are a pathetic faggot consider an hero
she said her library has plenty of funding and resources , and does n't need donations .
cisgender   thank you
her policies result in " white flight " from mixed - race school districts ,   leaving predominantly black , hispanic and other minorities in the school left behind , with less funding .
in other words , more segregated .
they take the white students , and the money ( head - count funding ) with them .
she has a right to her " different ideas " about education policy .
but it is not " silly " to to expose her policies for what they really are .
it is helpful to people trying to understand the issue .
https://www.alternet.org/education/school-choice-leads-segregation
rt if u want a sissy cunt to fuck today # me # sissy # boipussy # slut # sissyfag # sissyslut url
glad you brought that up .
the us has a population that is 51 percent female , and 0 percent female presidents .
some of the countries that have had female leaders include pakistan , bangladesh , turkey , indonesia ( all muslim countries ) .
other countries include india , sri lanka , thailand , taiwan , south korea ( asian countries ) .
another group is brazil , argentina , chile , guyana ( south american countries ) .
so it would be fair to say that americans are more sexist than muslim , asian and latin countries !
what a tempest in a teapot .
since when do bank economists need to be spoon fed by the governor of the bank of canada ?
there are reams of statistics to be analyzed , tonnes of market trading data in full view of any person who cares to look at it .
remember the days of paul volcker , gerald bouey , and john crow ?
those guys certainly did n't hold the hands of timourous , bleating bank economists .
i was having a bad night .. but then the memes were fucking lit af
how come in every spanish class there that one white person who thinks they know everything
that dumbass spic was destined to lose
i look at this i think differently .
every year it seems every team scrambles to find " the next ... kobe , lebron , jordan " or be " the next .... " when stef currie blew up it was n't because he was the next lebron or kobe it was because he changed the dynamic of this .
he was small , fast and he was different .
gs built a different team with a different style of play .
it was counter to the way the spurs , heat , etc ... of the time .
what can denver build from what they have , like gs did ?
the nba drafts 19 year olds then bails on them because they do n't play like 28 year old veterans .
game innovation vs player duplication .
yes it rhymes , it was an accident and corny .
gary , it 's human nature to want to feel good about ourselves .
if someone does n't have self - esteem , the only way to feel better is to put someone else down .
indians , blacks , chinese , jews , mexicans .
poor people , women , diff - abled .
there will always be groups of people whose only sense of self - worth will come from targeting someone they feel is lesser - than .
that 's what a rational person does : defend the constitution .
chomsky is a true patriot .
marvel confirms that valkyrie is mcu 's first openly lgbtq superhero url
libtard victim spin on history ehh klastri ?
the spaniard criminals you speak of ended up landing in what 's mexico today and killed most men and raped their women .
their dna offspring are now known as spanish speaking mexicans .
lol the bulk of the europeans that landed in the north as in north america were n't the early criminals that were running from the laws back home in the eu .
in the end , there were two forces , the slave owners from the south and the business people from the north .
it would n't fair to lump them together just like you ( d)onkeys lump illegal and legal immigrants into one category as just immigrants .
the ndp will never win .
they 'll make sleazy deals to appear to have won , but ultimately it will all come home to roost .
a 2nd election is imminent and welcomed .
coming from a businessman - we do n't what the rules are anymore ?
i was shocked to find out cuba has an olympic rowing team ... .. i thought all their best rowers made it to miami by now .
any tax evaders need to pay the piper , no argument from me .
them lousy gay chicken of islam
i agree that this move was prompted by the government finally realizing that the cost of electricity has become a major political issue in ontario .
but i disagree with the tone of the editorial .
i think the fix should be in two stages ...   ( i ) immediate fee relief and ( ii ) a serious evaluation by an independent consultant on what needs to be done to fix the the hydro system .
in fairness to the government .
they inherited a problem including the various mistakes made in recent years but also the significant hydro debt that accumulated over the recent decades .
on the political side , i wish that both parties would outline their ideas on the future of hydro .
i criticize the liberals for presenting this fee relief as the longer - term solution and i criticize the conservatives for trying to appeal to the voters ' emotions by criticizing the liberals ' record but not offering their solution for fixing hydro .
they should be looking through the windshield , not the rear - view mirror .
nonwhite immigration regardless of if it 's legal or not still results in the destruction of white countries and communities .
it called hijrah islamic migration for the sole purpose of spreading islam
a lot of where political pundits fail is how they put everything happening now into a frame of reference of past / existing labels or events
yes !
thank you for mentioning it .
it means very much to a lot of us .
i 'm thinking this is especially important in a lot of countries where lgbti people still face lots of discrimination and where probably most lgbti trainers are in the closet .
they admitted that the bread was not truly whole wheat and that the brown colour was from carmel colouring .
sorry , i ai n't buying it .
i 've read enough of your comments on here to know that you 're about as fair and balanced as fox news .
which is to say , not at all .
i 've never seen you do anything but defend trump and disparage liberals .
i need to snatch these niggas beards off bitch i did that
gender is a social construct .
you 're born with genitalia , the rest is up to you .
pink is for boys .
soccer is for girls . #
feminism
@_sjpeace _ the world is infested with.white psychopaths that r real alliens and i tell u now , we really have a problem in this world as long as the whites exist .. they r the worst cruel unreasonable twisted minded jealous assholes ever .
blacks r by nature good beings !
ironic , the loss of ted kennedy early in obama 's term made obamacare probably weaker than with ted 's aisle - crossing skills .
mccain is an aisle - crosser too .
his absense may slow the replace or repair .
right .
i 'm sure that you also have a hot tamale latina as your girlfriend .
i want harry 's voice to be the soundtrack of my fucking life
i 'm not a huge tulsi fan , but i think given her father and how she was raised , her past comments are super understandable .
i think it should be admired that she overcame that background to get to her current viewpoint , and iirc she has a good voting record on gay issues .
wait there is going to be anti - white people in euro 2012 ?
< user > < user > have you heard steve king comments and retwitting neo nazi bs
donald trump is a fucking joke
< user > i ’ m in the ghetto rama da dan
abc where 's you report on black woman calling 911 and officer fabricating reason to arrest her ?
civil rights violation .
widespread practice to cover up denial of equal protection why has n't abc posted the story ?
cutting edge spic internet bantz
" @anotherheroking — you mention it , i do n't suppose you 're from hoshido or nohr either , huh … ?
i 've never seen knights in blue- " " "
< user > coming from human stain that laughed at a child rape victim re victimized women that your husband raped and assaulted turned your back on a us ambassador military support as they were attacked killed sold us uranium rights to russia without congressional approval lame
itsy bitsy ?
they 've overplayed their hands and misread the board .
they are used to being apologized to the second they bring up the holocaust .
this is a blatant smear campaign trying intended to enrich jews at the cost of poles and their reputation .
what is the german equivalent of walmart ?
wermacht !
as of today i 'm banned from acting in our production of romeo and juliet , just because i misunderstood the stage directions .... it said \[enter juliet from the rear\ ] .
for them hindi and hindu are inseparable .
a hindu who does n't speak hindi is not completely hindu .
fuckin weeaboos .
i think young thug is handsome lmfao .
i use to think he was ugly when he came out with stoner .
maybe it 's cause i like his style idk & # 128557 ;
trudeau said during the election " the more muslim refugees we allow in canada the less risk we have of terrorism : " ..
you sound like the type of person who thinks calling most mexicans " rapists murderers and thieves " is n't racist .
black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy .
italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese .
now who should know who s name ?
< user > its been long known she is a saudi intel asset tied to the muslim brotherhood
ok .
will you put down your keyboard , then , and help apprehend ?
but what are you even talking about anyway ?
the article seems to blast law enforcement for gasp !
enforcing laws .
why ... we ca n't have that now , can we ?
if obama had done his job as exec and enforced the laws as they were written , then maybe there would n't be so many of them to enforce our laws on .
its a shame that most of the " new " law enforcement folks , who average around 32 or so , came up in a time w/ only one president ... obama .
after having been indoctrinated in our liberal left colleges , its no wonder that society forgets what a " nation of laws " looks like .
must be all relative i guess .
also , did you read the implementing legislation that the eo you cite comes from ?
kinda hypocritical of you to quote word for word the eo to make your point on this issue , but not quote the volumes of set law that supports the eo .
hmmm .
i 'm used to it already , though .
carry on .
is it premature to ask the question in this era of electronic gadgetry whether in our hands , homes , fighter jets and weapons systems all the parts of latter two are made in america or at least in north america or are we dependent on those donald would play the " trump cad " ( my best boston accent ) with for their re - supply in moments of hostilities ?
we have been much better than brugge we have had more chances and we have controlled the game the two chances they had they scored cuz courtois is a fucking bum
opinion when a girl is a hoe everyone assumes that girl is the one who hit up every single guy even if it always the guy who makes the first move sexism or no smh 😒
" wilson replied that he personally has never called her that name .
however , the reporter has used it at least twice on twitter and it appeared in an article published under his byline in january .
he did not immediately respond to a request for comment . "
typical of rebel media , and a good example of why no one with an ounce of sense takes them seriously .
tabloid junk .
sure .
north slope borough , juneau , haines , ( anchorage ?
i think ) , and any other unified borough .
they pressed 1 they pressed 2 they pressed 4 but the result was always same , the receipt shown vote for bjp # tamperedevms
i 'm afraid i do n't capiche .
but you can find the exact amounts transferred each year from the endowment in the financial statements available on stratford 's website - looks like $ 1.8 million in 2016 , down from $ 3 m in 2015 .
link : https://www.stratfordfestival.ca/landingpages/financial-statements
what 's important at this time is to continue to focus the work and research of women of color .
in particular , i highly recommend and encourage you to look into the work of my big sister , dr. jioni lewis , who is a preeminent expert of gendered racial microaggressions ...
there is a difference between incentive and refusal .
funding essential government functions is not at issue .
profligate spending is the issue .
investing unlimited tax money ( bonds ) in downtown revitalization seems counterintuitive if the purpose is to decrease tax revenue ( bond payment ) elsewhere .
the ultimatum of snow plowing versus law enforcement indicates again that city government may operate in , shall we say , an altenate reality .
cui bono , you ask ?
anchorage school district , public - employee unions , clients of city lobbyists , large campaign donors , non - profit organizations which make no payments in lieu of taxes , vocal minority of park enthusiasts , advocates of mail - in voting for starters ... 
 then there is the symbiotic relationship between moa and real - estate developers that thrives on what seems to be artificially high property assessments because inflated valuation means higher retail value and more property - tax revenue .
we tried to tell them to throw out the beaners too but they just will not listen
, no crases just deport them , they return just shoot them
the love of money is the root of all the evil # sevdiklerimiçin dağhan # enginakyürek seldağ # ölenekadar # dağhan
the good news is she survived .
happy fourth of july to you and your family .
i hate when people get mad at little / stupid stuff .
shits annoying
rt @aayylmao : tryna do some real crazy shit tonight like drink water and sleep
welfare check turns into a swat mission .
if they had left him alone , i 'm certain both parties would still be alive .
police entering your home unannounced will surely place unnecessary stress .
thanks again , to the brave men and women of law enforcement .. but this time , you messed up .
a simple solution to not having queer kids 🤭 🤭 🤭 🤭 do not have children if you can not fully accept them you d be a horrible parent anyway do not worry you will not die alone your homophobia and close mindedness will soon manifest and keep you company xx
abc where 's you report on black woman calling 911 and officer fabricating reason to arrest her ?
civil rights violation .
widespread practice to cover up denial of equal protection why has n't abc posted the story ?
what ’s the difference between blacks and mexicans ?
mexicans take the dishes out of the sink before pissing in it .
when you wanna be white really really bad but you are just a fucking wetback
the writer was clearly fed this story by a freeland senior staffer .... trying to cover for the embarrassing performance of the minister .
writer should actually watch the vid of freeland - it was cringe - worthy .
lgbt+ community : " we want to raise awareness for lgbt pride ! "
corporations with millions of followers and influence in the modern world : " we support lgbt ! "
lgbt+ community : " no !
you're only doing it for the money "
i morally object to men being able to pay for sex .
we need to criminalise men who do this .
it sends a disgusting , misogynistic message .
kral supposedly was going to meet some guy in a cemetery .
the authorities might want to look for her in freshly dug graves .
ah , if they manage to reproduce there might be some salmon on the pacific coast worth eating .
the whole culture excuse always makes me sick ... like do n't make a whole country look bad because of your bad personality .
allie is partially correct , it is a fact foxnews and the audience they are trying to sway are the caucasians who vote in key swing states and the electoral college that elected trump president .
however their income levels range from low to very wealthy .
foxnews from the murdochs , hannity , tucker carlson , etc .
know that if they keep their electoral college caucasian audience on trumps side , no matter how ineffective trump is as president , the dems will have a hard time defeating him in 2020 .
it does n't matter how many non - caucasians in california ,   new york , florida vote for the demo candidate , foxnews can control the outcome of the presidency by maintaining support of their core caucasian voters , independent of the popular vote of non caucasians and they know it .
foxnews provides some token non caucasians guest and anchors like kelly wright , juan williams , herman cain , etc just to keep some semblance of an equal opportunity news organization .
omfg !
it 's like little mexico beneath my floors !
new neighbors moved in below us and all i hear are babies crying and the bass of latino music !
@hot_bbw_date i want fuck your pussy
men are still ten times more likely to die on the job .
as we get more " equality " , i do n't see women taking dangerous jobs from men .
women are taking safe jobs from men so even more men will die on the job .
if we were to have a another vietnam ( 60,000 killed ) , 97 % will be men .
men die earlier than women , but spending on woman 's healthcare research ( breast , ovarian cancer etc . )
is four ( 4 ) times greater than the sending on mens healthcare research ( prostate , testicular cancer etc . ) .
the list goes on .
face palm .
i live near there and it is exactly the opposite .
lilly white .
i often go to the home depot right next door .
you are obviously white and want to ignore that the poor people were targeted for being hispanic .
your bona fides for claiming otherwise ?
show the evidence .
< user > i wll bet in that < number > percent names in that list would be muslims
we need to bomb mexico into rubble .
why canada got so many bad bitches and they all from quebec
deceptive reporting !
reports rose , but that says nothing about whether there were actual crimes or if they were motivated by hate .
no excuse for us not to offer refugee status to white refugees in south africa
the only thing really new this season is that the new young pitchers are better than the previous pitcher but they are young and can not handle adversity .
the low budget bullpen is still inconsistent and overall bad .
and , story should not be in the majors .
send him down until he learns that he can not hit a home run every time at bat .
just watching him makes me mad , he acts like he is a real power stud and he is going to kill the ball every time .
< user > bro where s my holocaust clout come on bro please bro
" " " drivin ' your friends crazy with your life 's insanity " " - guns n ' fuckin ' roses # classicrock # afd "
actually there are not alot of people moving here legally .
our economy has been to volatile .
if anything we got our rich and wealthy moving out .
you guys ever wonder where the jews would be if they did nt kill em ? ?
here is a hint .
what is americas inmate ratio ....
in the video miley is talking about every representation of women and telling us that any women ( with the birth scare , fat , black , trans ect .. ) are important and beautiful , no matter what , she is talking of it does n't matter if we show our vagina or titties we are not an object and we need respect and we are all free , such a weird deep meaningful video ❤
this , unfortunately has long been a problem w / much of ak gov't .
while the legislature , and often the admin , is eager to fund all sorts of expensive and grandiose mega - projects [ many / most of which are ill - conceived and poorly thought out in their execution and outcome ] , they have been extremely miserly in the proper funding and staffing of essential governmental functions .
it is not uncommon for the admin and/or the leg to keep piling additional tasks , projects , duties , etc onto a particular office or division , w/o providing for any additional funding or personnel to do the job .
so we wind up with " store front " operations - a named office , 1 over paid , often unqualified ' administrator ' who was a friend of a friend of someone , a couple of ' staff ' to provide the only functioning part of the office who are absolutely buried by the assigned function and operating w/o any supervision or direction .
i think we should start calling racist white people niggers random
there are a few muslim girls at my school i can tell because they wear highjabs i am always so tempted to give them some bacon 😹
you've gotta be fucking kidding me hell no bitch # twdfinale # twd
america is a country and culture formed from a civil war contesting the issue of black slavery ( there were no white slaves ) and conflicts of powers between state and federal government .
the other distinction is it relishes guns like no other civilized country in the world .
sadly racism has never left the psyche of america and continues to make the head lines despite a war that ended in 1865 .
they now have a fire breathing orange lizard that climbed from the gutter to light a fire and feed it with racism directed mexicans , latinos and muslims .
the country is not getting better but only worse .
if america is serious about the race issue its time to impeach the orange lizard in the whitehouse .
latino 's for trump is like jews for hitler ....
53 % of young whites say he is legitimate these are true american citizens less percentage in blacks the latinos most all are non citizens here illegally so the majority of young support trump as a legitimate president .
< user > i stand by refugees
< user > < user > < user > < user > somewhere in our immigration laws it says they have to be deported i have read it now let us see if they follow their own law if you break the law while a refugee your subject to immediate removal
can you imagine what would be happening on the streets of the uk right now if that had been an attack on a muslim event
bitches b a different type dumb ain t no way i am holding a nigga in jail down you all lives must be very boring
< user > < user > what wrong that she calling them white supremacists when they are literally jewish
one of the better ones .
especially amongst the other lgbt subreddits
what do you call interracial marriage ?
beauty and the beast .
ooh ooh , i love comparisons and got more zeros than you ( yours are millions , i 've got war debt ) .
how about " iraq has weapons of mass destruction and we must go to war ...... boom .... mission accomplished ..... +mic drop+ " .
or how about " america needs these tax cuts , it 's the peoples money " to protect the job creators that annihilated the economy with their job cutting a few years later .
too bad bush could n't take those actual trillion dollar credit card bills with him into retirement .
yup , totally the same thing , right ?
but that said , i totally agree with you .
i believe the crappy plans should have been allowed to stay in place until people drop them and no new ones offered .
if the insurance provider discontinues the plans themselves then it 's on them .
wow video had a ton of insight i am surprised that a mexican can realize all the bull and bias against us whites
why does n't demboski spend some time on drug abuse , alcohol abuse , child abuse , spousal abuse , road rage , teenage illiteracy and ethics , drug trafficking , and violence ( you know real problems ) instead of trying to promote whatever kind of unsubstantiated fear she is trying to promote .
do n't tell me to hit you up and then hit me with a boring ass convo & # 128530 ;
what 's the difference between me and cancer ?
my mother survived when she had cancer .
i do n't buy for a minute that he played the feminist card when he was in university .
anybody who went to school with him want to comment ?
look at this retarded shit right here
reincarnation game is extremely legit 
 if you max out your karma and die you can be reborn as chad 

 anything else is bluepill cope
60 % of poor people are white , yet you say that planned parenthood clinics " are " conveniently " and " coincidentally " located near low income black and latino neighborhoods . "
i would imagine that 60 % of those clinics would be located near low income white neighborhoods .
you do n't acknowledge any of this .
innuendo seems to be one of your trollish tricks , along with sucker - baiting and switching sides when you feel like it .
your false implication that pp clinics are exclusively black and hispanic ( come on , you only mention black and hispanic ) is innuendo , implying only black and hispanic women get abortions , get them at pp , or that pp only serves black and hispanic women .
that is n't true , it is false , it is innuendo intended to slur black and hispanic women , and it is slimy .
you seem to think that repeating your falsehood endlessly will make it true .
it will not .
in choosing not to fight his dismissal it is possible dr. marrus was taking the high road , and chose to let the issue die and do massey college a favour .
in a nod to groucho marx why would be want to belong to an institution that is so easily swayed by a few students .
we have several generations of women utterly incapable of making even the simplest sandwich
glad you brought that up .
the us has a population that is 51 percent female , and 0 percent female presidents .
some of the countries that have had female leaders include pakistan , bangladesh , turkey , indonesia ( all muslim countries ) .
other countries include india , sri lanka , thailand , taiwan , south korea ( asian countries ) .
another group is brazil , argentina , chile , guyana ( south american countries ) .
so it would be fair to say that americans are more sexist than muslim , asian and latin countries !
i hope she recovers fully , but   . . .
send her the bill .
see you all this sunday for our women 's day edition market 💃 🏽 🌭 🍻 # meltingpotmarket url
society needs to repudiate gurriels nasty latino privilege .
ahead of their time , as you said canada day is not about whites and their progeny who founded this nation anymore .
look at wen the freak . .
you can tell its a man lol . . .
hopefully they will abort all the anchor babies illegally born here by the foreign female aliens ! !
shots fired in the area per multiple 911 calls , lone pedestrian on the sidewalk .... not hard to figure out why the officer contacted this individual .
poland and hungary will be the last white countries on earth and the niggers and shitskins will use the american military power that they stole from whites once they outbred them and destroy them .
your biggest fan liferocks114 wants to get you guys quarantined
the white man must learn to hate if we do not hate the forces that have destroyed our civilization we will die
when people cheat and end up saying ' sorry , it was an accident ' falling down the stairs is an accident .
get your shit together & # 128534 ;
what do you call a bunch of burnt mexicans ?
baked beans
what is it with the media that they are always seeking out the advice and comments of high priced , tenured university professors .
living in the ivory towers of academia does not qualify one as an expert anymore than an individual living on main street is an expert , except the individual on main street is probably closer to the viewpoint of most canadians !
the professor mentioned the " integrity of the immigration system " as a negative .
if there is no integrity in the system , then we have a system that does n't work .
outsider :   please read the two posts responding to your comments .
you consistently defend male perpetrators of sexual violence .
i 'm not sure exactly why .
to my knowledge no one is suggest a sexual offender has " no human value . "
i and many others have devoted years of our lives to help offenders rebuild their lives .
i , at the same time , recognize the monumental damage their actions have done to their victims and accept that registration systems are in place to help protect possible future victims .
i feel no guilt for such concern and feelings .
perhaps you should visit with the victims of sexual abuse sometime and gain a better understanding of the consequences of such abuse .
gary crum
more unarmed whites have been shot by police in 2017 than blacks or hispanics .
that is according to the bastion of conservatism the wapo and their 2017 police shooting database .
so i guess by adding two minority races to skew the numbers you can reach your conclusion , but i would n't say that 44 % versus 56 % is " far fewer white folks " .
i would say that " far fewer " unarmed hispanics are shot than whites ( 11 vs 19 ) and " far fewer " unarmed blacks than whites ( 12 vs 19 ) are shot by police .
the data would seem to suggest that when unarmed and encountering the police you are almost twice as likely to be shot if you are white than if you are black and almost twice as likely to be shot if you are white than if you are hispanic .
if a show does n't involve homosexuals and/or interracial coupling , then it has a bunch of jews masquerading as whites running around with guns killing other whites .
stop calling them illegal immigrants you bunch of fucking politically correct pussies these people are vile parasitic scum very likely all linked to the mexican cartel they are all drug mules and gangbangers every single last one of them even the children they should all be exterminated immediately
exactly , let him be judged by a jury of his peers .
for some reason i think that " normal " citizens will agree that the charges against him are unfounded .
thank you fellow lgbt you are valid as well
why are seagulls mexican ?
they steal , and they shit on our country .
add another four days for grapetooth 😔
peace health medical 's mission statement includes they will never refuse anyone .
part of it is that they are a religious organization who owns the hospital they also have a bridge program to help financially on a sliding scale .
they 've covered at least $ 60,000.00 for me as well , over the course of a few surgeries .
wal - mart employee : : " como estas , muchacho ? "
me : : " i 'm pretty good , sir . "
i 'm a 17 year old male living in north carolina .
it made me feel angry and marginalized - like despite i was born in the us and have lived here practically all of my life , i will always be seen as the " other . "
london will probably become another ghetto just like paris and many other cities in the uk and europe sad really that the decline of western culture is and has been allowed or engineered to become so obvious to many of us
all i want in a gf 
 i find her attractive 

 she finds me attractive 

 i like her 

 she likes me 

 we have some things in common interest wise 

 we have some things that we do n't share in common
ice should deport all mexican or spanish talking cockroach from usa .
i 'm just so glad that someone is finally giving straight white men a voice ! ! !
i 'm struggling to name a single person in power that talks about this .
no presidents , president 's administrations , senators , congressmen , ... we are truly under - represented 😠 ! !
today my friend said it was okay to love your family members to no extent .
\*sweet home alabama\ *
divide you are a fucking spic rapists and criminals get the fuck out beaner
not likely any change will occur with the police commission until the issue of 
 kealoha is settled .
the best outcome would be if both the kealoha 's and the prosecutor 
 were indicted by the feds .
this would likely move the mayor to do the right thing and 
 name two new members and get rid of sword as the chairman and let him go back selling 
 used cars .
showering necessary ; not just an option .
aside from philly allentown harrisburg and south central pa spic cities pa is an absolute glorious dream when you get to the country specially western pa if you get away from everything it a perfect place to raise a family
bad lil bitch good brain go to college
yikes ...
they are terrorists , and should be arrested
kike spic nigger faggot allah sucks kid dicks jews did < number > < number > white power 4 th reich hitler did nothing wrong heather heyer was a fat bitch rip
we want to hear @arianagrande 's new song # everyday on @mostrequestlive tonight , @onairromeo please ! #
mostrequestedlive thannks xoxo
< user > < user > r u kidding it be all over the news lol media hawks would jump on it quick and make it front page where they d be sure to mention at least < number > times how many jews suffered n died in the holocaust 🙄
i am fine with whoever wants to disapprove of my life style if they believe it is gross or whatever .
the boondocks is making fun of the niggas that make tweets like this and yet here they are still making tweets like this .
y'all know the boondocks is a satire about y'all and not gay people , right ?
you 're the ass of the joke 😂 url
so my spanish teacher asked who was absent me : mi vida
going to see @thequinnspiracy 's movie i am so excited
" @calebrmclaughl1 say " " ahre " " please jajsjsj it 's like " " i 'm kidding " " that 's going to make the argentinians fans so happy ahre "
then their entire race got completely eradicated like a bunch of fucking dumbasses
yes !
thank you for mentioning it .
it means very much to a lot of us .
i 'm thinking this is especially important in a lot of countries where lgbti people still face lots of discrimination and where probably most lgbti trainers are in the closet .
right wing lies .
please show us where this false version of events exists anywhere outside a museum of creation science , or a theme park with a replica of noah 's arc .
why try to save medicaid expansion if paul ryan is hell bent on eliminating medicare and social security ?
i totally agree .
please keep doing what i voted you in to do .
non violent resistance only works if the government is unwilling to use violence against said resistance
just your daily reminder < user > they are not undocumented immigrants they are i l l e g a l
that 's racist and stupid .
100 % of white men speak out against it .
not 100 % of muslims speak out against muslim terrorism .
there are billboards in palestine celebrating suicide bombers .
> a majority of pakistanis surveyed in a poll appeared to be aggrieved over the death of osama bin laden , with 51 per cent describing their emotions as ' grief '   i could go on be you get the point .
that 's one of the stupidest false equivalencies i 've seen in a long time .
you should consider reevaluating your entire belief system .
baby rodrigues your country is full of retards which probably explains why you do n't know the difference between the liberian flag and american flag .
# followfriday time !
you guys are so so awesome ! !
thanks for the support & # 128522 ; # gamersunite @dayylin @nintendork9
< user > < user > northeast understandable they have apoint why muslims
the truth is a lot of women refuse to leave cheaters because trying to be everything to a man is an ego trip and any deviation from that drives y' all mad when none of that is healthy to begin with
great sentiment i could n't put it better myself .
i always felt that " coming to terms " was an odd turn of phrase , you come to terms with an illness , your sexuality should be celebrated , not reconciled .
green nigger on standby ready to bring freedumb to iranians
what 's the difference between a mexican and an elevator ?
one can raise a family .
trump is right - these maggots of color should gtfo
so many followers and nothing to say just remember niggers suck jewboys suck baby dick and faggots suck anything they can
matt healy is homophobic and racist and i don ’ t want to hear anyone say otherwise
they replaced the jew mayor with a sheboon mayor they have not learned yet
this morning 's subway hero : mets cap , brush mustache , $ 5 umbrella over his arm reading an ancient pb edition of dostoyevsky 's the possessed .
what does your mom and a brick have in common ?
both get laid by mexicans
can we have a meme with   obongo as a muslim extremist ?
unfortunately rich kids always get their way , i say you just ignore the kid during the summer get back at him that always works .
a bunch of ppl who are not in twp or los and never will be arguing over what symbols and optics they should use is retarded
well she nonwhite herself so this really does not surprise me one bit lauren simonsen has a fetish for nigs and spics like a typical anti white kikess would how this duplicitous jew bitch fooled so many for so long is beyond me ezra levant does not employ shiksas he keeps it crypto
+ lak curious who put them here ... their parents decided to break the law and cross the border illegally .
just the facts .
i detest abortion even regarding negro enemy babies call me a softie as with them though if some beaner wants to kill their kid i will not lose a great deal of sleep they do not need to be invading and populating america
the us currently [ does not have a federal law](url - out / can - you - be - fired - being - gay - answer - depends - largely - where - n962711 ) in effect that protects discrimination from your employer due to sexual orientation like it does for sex and race .
there are many trying to get that changed , but it is being challenged in courts but many still oppose it .
having companies outright declare their support for lgbt rights is still incredibly important , no matter how much they also stand to benefit from it .
from our statue of liberty   " give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe   free , the wretched refuse of your teeming shore , send these , the   homeless , tempest - tost to me , i lift my lamp beside the golden door ! "
our entire population has immigrant history and ancestry even our   native americans migrated here thousand of years ago
< user > bro it badass as fuck you get to give drinks take depending on what happens hole in one is everybody on course drink it honestly the most badass redneck game i have ever played
if someone comes to america legally but then loses their rights after commuting crimes which keeps them incarcerated in american prisons should not they also be deported since they are not protected by the constitution why fill up prisons with immigrants who did not come here for a better life cleanprisons
o.n. stefan writes her darkest scenes with a pen dipped the blackest ink .
https://t.co/lc5l8rwjdq # retweet # yalit
this hot puta with mouth watering jugs bobs back and forth on dicks , choking and gag each one on the way # latinaabuse # facefucking url
as to followers remember that twitter followers are cheap to buy and i would not be surprised if twit fucked w travis feed there are like < number > gopers running a lot of them after being asked by the rats sacramento is like chicago totally corrupt hell hole run by wetback mafia
well , that one is not a complete truth .
over 1,400,000 americans seek healthcare outside the usa every year , many come to canada .
http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2016/08/17/14-million-americans-will-go-abroad-medical-care-year-should-you 

 as well , the usa has several centers of excellence ( much like the cranial facial clinic at sick kids in toronto - which has several from the usa coming every year ) .
people come from say tennessee to medical city in houston every year for specialized treatment - does that mean there is no healthcare in tennessee ?
what do we call marijuana addicts ?
mexicans .
you deserve death if you voted yes cruz that dumbass spic was destined to lose
no other song gets me hype the way run it up by g herbo does ... like i can not explain it , i 'm a whole different person & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
no only mates mucking round in a boxing gym in a once white ghetto recently turned black
all of the intersectionality olympics are bullshit , and you 're shit for playing them too .
why do they need to make sure they check off as many of the " oppressed minority " boxes they can when deciding who to put on a bill ?
just to please some shrieking harpies , and you shrieking about which boxes did or did n't get checked is just as bad .
can i make graphite show the sum of 5 m when retention is 1 m ?
want to see a graph with point every 5 m with sum of that time period .
if an inclusive society is the aim , then turn of all news , because the media is the driving force behind everything that 's going on in washington .
it 's not my responsibility to locate , isolate or else eliminate trolls at this site , nor do i wish to defend this person in any way .
in mexico , there are towns / villages completely emptied out by illegal immigrants .
new jersey prints ballots in multiple languages so the immigrants and puerto ricans should not have to learn english after all some of the puerto ricians are third generation on welfare and still will not learn english
diversity is our greatest strength !
me being like omg i do not have any shivs left how am i supposed to kill all these clickers
ukraine is practicing open discrimination against its hungarian speaking minority .
for over a thousand years hungarian speaking people have been living on land that was given to soviet union after the first world war and is now part of ukraine .
ukraine is now taking away the right of hungarian speaking people to their own language by forcing assimilation .
what the ukrainian government is doing would not be allowed in canada or in any country in western europe .
canada should stay out of ukraine unless the ukrainian government stops discrimination policies against its hungarian speaking minority .
we need to know where these immigrants are !
gather them up , and dump them away ! !
@realdonaldtrump # istandwithbeto we 're not taking your sh*t anymore .
you do n't get a pass .
you do n't get to spew heartfelt racist rhetoric then expect a thank you when you read a cold speech from a teleprompter .
you are racist & the world knows it . #
elpasostrong   url
" we " is first person plural .
you 're saying that you , along with others , beat up fags and harass latinos .
keep in mind that a fag is teaching you grammar now .
your entire comment sounds like some sort alt - right hate subreddit meets r / iamverybadass
jairo carbajal about time , deport them all and build the wall !
demonrats want to give free health care to illegal immigrants but do n't want to count them ?
seriously , how do you budget free healthcare ?
democrats are f$&king morons !
black racist gay lives matter to the obuma 's & whoopi weaveberg
someone please come claim me 😔 this single shit ghetto
it is a money making scam , that is why it is pushed .
imma do you faggots like the left the gods today
what do we call marijuana addicts ?
mexicans .
< user > < user > i ain ’ t from br and i know this bitch word for word 😂
are you a man or a woman ?
" @calebrmclaughl1 say " " ahre " " please jajsjsj it 's like " " i 'm kidding " " that 's going to make the argentinians fans so happy ahre "
< some are good people who were duped .
> 
 if they were duped it 's because they willfully choose to confine their " news " to fox , limbaugh , drudge , et al .
no sympathy there from me .
< some are afraid of a world changing faster than they can make sense of and some just do n't know what to do with their discontent .
> 
 cry me a river !
if that 's their pitiful excuse for voting for the p*ssy grabber - in - chief , that 's not nearly good enough .
try again .
finally , i think we already understand red state voters who voted against their own economic interests well enough .
many , if not most , were guided by fox news ' methodical twenty - year demonization of hillary clinton , many of them truly do hate blacks , gays , mexicans , and muslims , and will never ever vote for a democrat because of that and because they think republicans affirm their various phobias and hatreds .
when you can figure out a way to circumvent that mindset by all means let the rest of us know .
then we 'll be on to something .
republicans are following trump 's sick racist and xenophobic lead .
at the first virginia gubernatorial debate , ed gillespie admitted virginia does n’t have “ sanctuary cities .
but that did n’t stop gillespie , the republican gubernatorial nominee from grabbing the white supremacist baton from failed confederate candidate corey stewart to release one of the most racist ads in recent political memory .
“ ed gillespie clearly believes that his route to victory rests in demonizing young latino men and the immigrant community as a whole , ” said luis aguilar , a deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) recipient and casa in action member . “
he may believe it is an effective campaign tactic , but the people i speak with are furious with the abject racism of ed gillespie ’s campaign and plan to deliver that message on election day . ”
resist trump and his agenda .
this is quite simply brainwashing of our children .
it 's racism our and simple and is peddled by professional victims .
yes , they are stupid .
low iq more like it .
useless trash more like it ! .
mexicans and blacks are the lowest forms .
.
not so , 543 , the only way abortion will become illegal is when the us supreme court reverses roe v. wade .
it does n't look like that 's going to happen in our lifetime .
why not ?
if you pay 94 % i will too .
that 's fairness .
pretty sick .
he targeted hispanics .
nonwhite immigration regardless of if it 's legal or not still results in the destruction of white countries and communities .
yes .
if the rockies could pull that off .
i should have let an old man white man work on my car from the beginning instead of letting these niggers and spics play under my hood
my pussy is like the u.s. prison system minorities are overrepresented
< user > who she is doesn ’ t know but muslim not a victim here in india many hindus top mob lynched by muslims
i agree that this move was prompted by the government finally realizing that the cost of electricity has become a major political issue in ontario .
but i disagree with the tone of the editorial .
i think the fix should be in two stages ...   ( i ) immediate fee relief and ( ii ) a serious evaluation by an independent consultant on what needs to be done to fix the the hydro system .
in fairness to the government .
they inherited a problem including the various mistakes made in recent years but also the significant hydro debt that accumulated over the recent decades .
on the political side , i wish that both parties would outline their ideas on the future of hydro .
i criticize the liberals for presenting this fee relief as the longer - term solution and i criticize the conservatives for trying to appeal to the voters ' emotions by criticizing the liberals ' record but not offering their solution for fixing hydro .
they should be looking through the windshield , not the rear - view mirror .
one possible effect of the tax is the same as the immigration policy used in this example : it discourages people from coming to canada , investing their money in the country .
beyond that , i offer this as an example of " rule of law . "
the rule of law is often not as laudable as we think .
depends on who 's making the law ... and why .
i 'm sorry you are so full of hate that you ca n't see the blaming of trump for the random killing of hispanic people by a man hearing voices as anything but deranged .
i think that may be bordering on a mental illness of your own .
you are proof of my original statement .
well it is still quite small .
but completely over represented during the pride , or during our women * strike last month .
women had a * precising those who identified as such .
we actually have really few trans , but it is growing in the big cities .
< user > lol keyboard warrior what happened you actually decided to read the kirk propaganda and felt armed throwing a homophobic slur at me is no insult only insecure closet gays like you think queer an insult 🤡 🤡 🤡
a bitch , a ho and a mexican .
< repeat > .
< repeat > ent into a bar and all got picked up .
the mexican by border patrol , the ho by a john and the bitch by your dad .
there is an american a canadian and a mexican in a forest .
< repeat > they are ambushed by a tribe and all three are taken prisoner by the tribesmen .
the tribe does n't like outsiders so the three men are put in front of a firing squad .
the american realized that the tribesman probably were n't that smart so he yelled tornado !
< allcaps > and everyone got scared and scattered and he escaped back into the forest .
the canadian thought that it was a good idea so he yelled tsunami !
< allcaps > and everyone scattered and he escaped back into the forest .
now it was the mexican 's turn .
he thought for a while and finally screamed fire !
< allcaps > and the firing squad shot him .
< user > realiest thing yo white ass ever said
i built a fucking parfait ad here dont do this again
sometimes i hope that ca does break off and become it 's own island .
i love it here , but damn .
the system is rigged .
this is so sad once proud white nations being polluted and corrupted by the onslaught of sand niggers and other non whites
significantly higher , in fact .
people can be gullible , as in this case .
they think you just throw some sod or " sedum " up on the roof , and call it good .
sorry .
everything planted up there will bake in the sun .
has anyone ever actually been on the rooftop of a highrise in the summer ?
this is a " semi - arid desert , " and getting warmer fast , with less rainfall .
and roofs were not meant to be lawns .
flat roofs leak under the best of conditions .
imagine what will happen with all that water ( drinking water ) poured on them every day .
in order to have a " garden " of any type up there , a watering system will need to be installed , along with a complementary drainage system .
this is all going to be very expensive and wasteful .
all that water will percolate down through the few inches of soil into the drainage system , and thence , into the storm sewer .
storm sewer costs will rise correspondingly .
i am actually surprised the city did n't oppose this ill - conceived notion vehemently .
a simple solution to not having queer kids 🤭 🤭 🤭 🤭 do not have children if you can not fully accept them you d be a horrible parent anyway do not worry you will not die alone your homophobia and close mindedness will soon manifest and keep you company xx
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
do the french call reddit " ribbit ? "
seen hustlers today n i just wanna say that white bitch was annoying throwing up every < number > seconds 😴 🙄 if u can not deal get out the game biitch ‼️
he 's a hispanic causing a panic .
gays y ’ all be dappin up ur guy friends or giving em hugs 😳 😳 😳
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > < user > unironically if the slaves in india and africa ever get freedom it will be only bcz white men are sent over there to earn it for them same as it ever was but we never get credit for being liberators only oppressors
fiance and i are in the car , listening to the radio .
me : : what is this song about , how hard it is to be a white man ?
him : : well , it actually is hard to be white and male .
there 's all those scholarships and programs to help people who are n't .
me : : those programs are there to level the playing field , not raise anyone up above the other .
him : : but you do n't have to do anything to get the help .
you just have to fit the qualifications .
if you 're white , you have to apply yourself extra hard and actually prove yourself instead of just sitting around .
made me feel sad .
like my non - white - male status was a burden for him .
like maybe i was making a mistake in marrying him .
i think we should start calling racist white people niggers random
they got us stuck at this fucking school and it do n't make no sense .
yes nancy , you just stay right where you are because as long as you do , repubs .
will continue to win elections .
as an ( r ) voter , i ca n't thank you enough .
it does amuse me that they can dish it out all day but they can not take it especially < user > that faggot has zero testicular fortitude
in a country culture in which whites and whiteness are demonized as ours these kinds of ideas seem outdated we are being put in a cultural ghetto as a people donald trump is seriously considered a white supremacist donald trump why he a straight white male and not an sjw
< user > lets go work out there with the white bitches
hey guys / gals i have something in mind to raise the profile of the jq , please like and repost my few posts tagged " # tgsnt " ( use the search bar ) 
 many thanks !
what ’s the cheat code to make my dad come back ?
rt @littlekeee _ : why do bitches hate on another bitch relationship & # 128129 ;
subhumans continue to prove they will always be a burden on society while the lunacy of no assimilation by invaders proves the inferiority of hispanics
fuck those dumb ass sperms .
we 'll now have to deal with another neck beard or karen because of this shit .
" go text your hoes " url
what do you call stuffed animals directly marked at illegal immigrants ?
beaner babies
if ra - heem had a gat wit 17 bumps and jose ' dised him in front of og peeps and he capped dat bitch twice den double tapp hector jus cause he be dere , monique pregnant , say ra - heem baby daddy , how much welfare they get ?
multiply food stamps x project housing add free utilities , stolen cars and drugs sold to find out why they are still poor
i assume he 's primarily referring to the federal government that is selling canadian sovereignty through trade agreements .
" be a light , live for jesus & amp ; pray for those off track !
prov 24:1 " " do not be envious of immoral people , nor desire to be with them " " "
the disturbing reason trump evangelical base is thrilled to see violence in gaza hotpagenews com r < number >
because trump is a brazen racist and bigot , his problem about the news media is n't so much that there is anything false there ; rather it is because the news reporters are latinos and blacks .
that 's his real problem and the same problem he had with president obama .
obama did n't do anything for america ; obama was not born in america , etc . ,
etc .
that 's what makes him angry .
the boondocks is making fun of the niggas that make tweets like this and yet here they are still making tweets like this .
y'all know the boondocks is a satire about y'all and not gay people , right ?
you 're the ass of the joke 😂 url
jews are neither white nor mensch they are non nigger males like spic males
make me moan while you fuck my pussy deep # horny # nudes url
remember toonami fans , 5 years ago we used 4/1 to bring toonami back .
we ❤ ️you but we also wanna give a little ❤ ️to rick and morty fans too .
< user > you are in school lil faggot
1 .
the government can pass legislation to cancel contracts , thus minimizing or eliminatiing payouts .
2 .
anti - democratic because the act can force wind turbines on the unwilling ,   taking away the planning rights of municipalities , and infringes on personal freedom and property rights of farmers to build what they want on their own land if their neighbours host wind turbines , and overrules regulations for protected species - wind industry can get permission to harm , harass , and kill them !
and that is far from a complete list .
3 .
climate changes naturally all the time .
carbon dioxide is not a pollutant but a harmless trace gas that is plant food , essential to life on earth .
there has n't been any global warming for 19 years .
all computer model predictions of climate doom have failed to match real - world empirical evidence .
humanity would be better served by euthanizing the scum at the border .
and so we have a vagina grabbing sex predator as president rounding up thousands of latinos and maybe millions more as time goes by , along with constant talk of non - existent voter fraud , because trump is afraid , and he should be , afraid of the burgeoning and quickly growing latino vote .
in the meantime , the poor and huddled masses are trying to walk across miles and miles of wintry wilderness , to get to canada and away from the ethnic cleansing purge of latinos in america .
soon , the ovens ?
@temasmith @03_donny @dr_jfprice @jewtastic idk , one of us , apparently .
but literally the first thing in my pinned post says i 'm muslim , so who knows ?
i 'm now wondering if he 's thought i 'm jewish this entire time .
unfortunately , what you say is true !
it is only by the grace of god that we get some intermittent conservatives to really govern .
drive to any major city in the u.s. you 'll see lots of white and black people standing on corners begging for money .
then go into any business .
the people who are cleaning your hotel room and serving you at restaurants are hispanic .
white and black people could do these jobs too .
they just refuse to do them .
so trump and his brand of racism is just completely out of touch .
if we kick out all the illegal immigrants , the orange crop wo n't get picked !
imagine being the parents of that degenerate
trump kept and keeps telling the media that nafta renegotiating is more about mexico than canada .
with canada his country wants only a little bit of tweaking .
but the canadian liberal media wants to make this thing all about canada .
their hatred for trump and frustration with hillary clinton 's loss is no less than the american liberal media 's and the democrats ' .
canadian liberals like to play a big brother protector to mexico ( despite that country taking most of our jobs ) .
it would be almost funny to watch these liberals , if trump won again in 2020 ! !
@kazatta i woulda jus told skylar one night ' hey i got a flight in the mornin ... you wit it or nah ' while textin my brazilian bitch
glad that 's over , though i ca n't promise that i wo n't reply if ever i see another dumbass comment out there about the issue
yankees went through the entire batting order and still batting with 2 outs and on the 4th batter right now lol and yankees lead 9 - 0
read both your comments .
you 're really awesome .
l2 g
though , the level of unfairness and humiliation that the germans felt at the time -- versailles treaty , with all its consequences , was in fact unbearable -- has no comparison in the us .
what harm did mexico , the whole islam or women did to mr. trump followers to justify the blind populist enthusiasm ?
in fact , he sounds more like a latin - american dictator than a european one , even af the worst times of europe 's modern history .
green nigger on standby ready to bring freedumb to iranians
it 's time to leave this country if you do n't like it .
these women are a bunch of clowns .
all that i ask is that you do n't leave me alone in a fucked up world
this is the worst coverage of this situation ever .
you suck tom rogan because we all know that police profile ... stanford researchers have found that police in that state are more likely to search black and hispanic motorists , using a lower threshold of suspicion , than when they stop white or asian drivers .
lets just accept this as fact and realize that she was racially profiled and these two punk ass racist cops need to become metermaids .
those beings have no class .
those beings do n't know how to act in public .
stay in the ghetto
i take my men how i take my coffee hot and up the arse .
so then a beaner can not be charged with a hate crime yet can be a victim what horseshit good for taylor for exposing this
hawaii needs even more stringent gun control laws .
hawaii should also implement a gun buyback program to reduce the prevalence of guns , like australia 's successful program 20 years ago .
every year in the us , more than 30,000 people die and more than 75,000 are injured as a result of gun violence .
guns have become a public health menace .
not that it matters much cause you will still be pushed up against those wonderful minorities everywhere you go , and our children will go to schools where they are in the majority .
great emotional stories in askreddit : do nt tell mom tales
for all you so called puerto ricans calling yourselves puerto ricans slap yourself with your grandmother 's chancla ! !
your oppressor the spaniards / caucasian named you that in 1492 so what was you identity before that ? ? ?
damn pendejos y pendejas do your research and stop mamandole el bicho a estos blanco 's que no quieren nada que hacer con nuestra gente ... vende patria !
< user > or the gay person is open about their sexuality like wow what a miracle
no defense of these scumbags at all , but serious question - where would one find the charter for 211 that explains these " white supremacist " principles ?
yes , i 'm well aware there are white supremacist prison gangs like aryan nation , etc .
in another article , the founder indicated 211 was formed as protection against the more - numerous black and hispanic prison gangs .
does being an all - white prison gang automatically constitute a " white supremacist " gang ?
do the bga , mm , surenos , nortenos , etc , then constitute " black / hispanic supremacist " gangs ?
leaders of the aforementioned gangs have been spread around the country 's penal system for years , to where the mm is now found in every state .
was the doc responsible for planting those seeds , as well ?
i 'm with you .
i 'm pretty sure all the women and children are just hauled around in buses by the media until it 's time for another photo shoot .
pisses me off .
just look at all these damn men .
one of them a big pussy boy with cankles wearing a shirt that says ( on english , no less ) " man up or shut up " while he 's * running away from his country * .
what a bitch .
url.jpg
i live in a twin tower , 42 floor , interior access complex in waikiki .
one fire in 42 years ( cigarette butt tossed from a higher lanai , landed on a seat cushion on a lower lanai ) .
fire put out in 10 minutes .
no one hurt , just some smoke damage .
never mind ...... i'm screwed .
caldwell 's " just a few thousand estimate " is gon na be $ 50k+ per unit .
i do n't want a tax break or a low percentage loan , i just do n't want to have to pay for this .
i 'll take my chances here .
believe me , i 'm not alone in that sentiment .
definition of white privilege
< user > < user > so a white person an come into your home and kill u and nothing will happen this is beyond irrational
i d beat his fucking ass retarded for talking to me like that honestly
the amount of times i was told i was getting my ' mrs. degree ' at notre fucking dame really woke me up to the insane misogyny in the education system .
dimms and left demanding unconditional surrender of america : pro - open borders hispanic caucus to trump administration : stop talking about ' chain migration ' -
found the congo on url > kid was indian or arab .
guaranteed .
> you 're fucking scum , it was probably you .
> find your safe space .
> fuck off you airplane wanker .
you probably diddle little kids you racist slob > ok .
i can see you 're raging .
try to find your raging .
try to find your safe space .
> dm me your asshole and call me daddy you twink slut
this pos should be deported .
what an ass
< user > he doesn ’ t really hate immigrants not white ones anyway he ’ just giving his base what they want
because i brought a black girl to christmas dinner .
as a date , not a gift .
and the sjw industry takes another one in the junk .
more to follow ....
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
white girl : : i find that women from other races tend to be very , very ugly or very , very hot .
there 's not much in between .
whereas white women are usually not very hot or very ugly but fall in the middle .
me ( asian girl ): : um .
that 's because your standards of beauty are normalized around white women .
you 're taught to think that way through the barrage of media presenting whiteness as normal and color as exotic or repulsive .
white girl : : no , i think i 'm right .
i 've talked to other people and they all agree with me .
me : : ... a year ago , both of us 19 , in a car with other people .
perhaps you should now have a conversation with don trump jr .... ? ? ?
@pizotv i went random squads once and then this white 10 year old started saying the n word and a lot of other racist stuff like that .
fucking hate kids like that .
i agree , oconm .
" @joanna_caron & # 128240 ; he is talking nonsense . " "
centre ground " " is code name for more tory cuts & amp ; neoliberalism.(for more profit before the people ) ! "
i hate answering the " where are you from " question .
i live in america , but i grew up in canada , and am of chinese descent .
so the conversation usually goes like this : : them : : where are you from ?
me : : ottawa , canada !
them : : oh sorry , i mean where are your parents from ?
me : : ottawa , canada !
them : : ... they usually drop it after that , but a few persist , and i usually find it personally more comforting just to lie and say that my ancestors lived in canada .
america does not pass as many anti speech laws because 1 st amendment corporations churches and mobs of brainwashed masses are already pretty effective at shutting down dissident voices by using violence and by getting dissenters fired people like to feed their families
european capitols are nt american besides europe allowed the muzzies in anyway not my problem
says the mamzer spic midget with the david hogg physique who cries about lifting weights
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > indeed i wonder what kind of misogyny does she think woc and homosexual women face that s different from white women are not we all discriminated because of being female or is it something else 🤔
a birthday action game character that is not a queer bee
@realdonaldtrump these dangerous low life are killing people and must be stopped at all costs - they are turning the american dream into deathly nightmare close the border build the wall and start mass deportation save the us !
i hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals .
mr trudeau - tailor made for the rolling stone : 
 - 
 from macleans : 
 - 
 " justin trudeau ’s recent musings of admiration for china ’s dictatorship were seized upon by critics as evidence that the liberal leader may not be especially gifted in certain areas , such as mental thinking .
- 
 for instance , the headline on andrew coyne ’s column in the national post suggested that trudeau ’s utterance revealed the “ gulf between his intellectual reach and grasp”—which is one of the more elegant phrases i ’ve seen used to describe someone as dumb .
the truth is that trudeau ’s intelligence has long been a topic of discreet discussion among political and media types in ottawa .
typically , the conversation goes something like this : 
 - 
 — he does n’t seem super smart to me .
— i agree .
[ long pause . ]
— let ’s talk about something else now , i guess . "
- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 rolling stone editors to their staff : 
 " what has he done ? "
- 
 staff : 
 " raised taxes and legalized weed " 
 - 
 rolling stone editors : 
 " lets run with the weed angle "
duetschgirltx , no i live in a tiny ass town where i am only one of 100 white folks ( maybe less ) .
near san antonio .
there are so many dirts around and they all stick together .
so when it comes to a white girl in this town i got ta have my own back always is that where you are ?
@agustmoonchildd @khainayak @peta the islamic and christian invaders destroyed many ancient civilizations in the past 2000yrs by forcing the ppl to convert to their faith .. no other culture did this to anyone instead they traded and maintained harmony among different cultures .. evn nw dey run their missionaries .
i 'd be careful with that one jim .
there are lot 's of reason to be proud of family , community , nation .
just because the source is white.black , christian , muslim should make us assume that pride is associated only with that label .
appreciating your writing , i do n't think this is likely from you , but it happens .
but i think i know what you mean and i too hold nothing but contempt for people who assume superiority in the eyes of god , or nature , only because of skin color .
and the new polish pork butchers was not just a small discrete shop tucked at the back of the muslim ghetto it a bloody supermarket with a giant plastic grinning pigs head over the door i must get a pic
those boys will use the plastic whisks as swords , and the girls ' lego creations will consist of dollhouses for the few white dolls , with the dark ones in the adjoining farm pen .
davis does not need to be concerned with some third party taking adverse possion of his properties .
it has been illegal in alaska since 2003 .
you would think that an experienced and savy land developer would already know that ...
< user > < user > gavin newsom only cares about criminals and illegal aliens recallgavinnewsom
all of these groups who are not genetically dominant , who they call blak , are all illegally here on this planet .
if they are non blak , they are invaders and destroyers , they are the vermin of the scum ! !
all non blak people ...
i have < number > arguments about why white south africans should be welcomed as immigrants these are not the prime motivators for me but i think they are both cogent and presentable to the racially unaware
sexual harassment is a two way street actually grabbing a man dick is a more severe act of harassment than talking about grabbing a women pussy resign from the view joy
says mehhir as he sucks off a spic larping as a white boy
we need to shake ourselves from this patriarchal mindset of being thankless providers and get what we deserve bro .
url
if an inclusive society is the aim , then turn of all news , because the media is the driving force behind everything that 's going on in washington .
i heard that last election .
just wait 12 months and wynne majority .
clinton landslide etc .
the only poll that counts is election day !
so , i guess white - skinned   latinos descended from spanish europeans are n't allowed in your special fraternity ? ?
that screams of hypocracy .
trump that fucking disgusting pig 🐖 and that sex slave bitch first lady is an immigrant .. deport her stupid ass .. and put their retarded kid and one of those cages and see how much they like it .. # white privilege kkk # fuck trump
i do n't feel sorry for you weak pussies that get racially antagonized by white people in public .
y'all deserve every bit of it .
that can sense of pathetic you are and take rightful advantage .
how old are you ?
12 , 13 ?
because you write like some high school kid tasked with doing a " research " paper on the subject , but forgot about it until the last minute .
what do you call ?
what do you call three mexicans , one chinese man , and three black guys sitting on a log ?
a sprinkler - because it goes spick , spick , spick , * chink * nigga , nigga , nigga .
< user > i thought the photo was of the post office in ostia where soviet refugees converged in evenings to share info and support one another on emotional level i do not remember refugee camps in ostia or rome haias nayana would give stipend to rent apartments but that was in < number > < number >
public services union wages seem to be doing alright .
rachael notley arab just gave them a monster raise when she increased the min wage in alberta .
civil service wages are set at a certain percentage above min wage .
i m asian yet others think i m western .
i m just really good at speaking english and have an accent because i was influenced by my favorite youtubers , notably stampylonghead , vanossgaming , terroriser and others .
i actually live there with small children and the corridor was absolutely unsafe for walking to business .
it was undesireable for adults .
neighbors have nearly every desired business in walking distance and none were willing to do it .
the 5 ' buffer between the cars and the walk and the cars has completely changed it .
i am shopping at business i never went to and we consistently spend at least 75 % of our monthly shopping money in the corridor .
update [ edit ] alabama election 21 % in 
 roy moore 51.8 %   126,494 
 doug jones 46.8 %   109,904 

 # alabamaelection
well i hope you did n't hurt his feelings .
fuck every single one of you racist pos in the replies lmfao , take your ass to trump 's states and you 'll know exactly how they feel .
its easy to talk cock and make fun when you 're amidst your own , but the moment u step out of this country , ya'll will crumble
by the number of beaners in the background i suggest not eating the food there love the shirt tho
sounds like a sham hit piece meh i m giving a thumbs down and a since it came from a taco negro it already is suspicious i do wonder did he do it out of a need to virtue signal or is he getting a check from the jews
funny .
but , i think if you read carefully , ken is advocating protection of the liliuokalani statue ( in particular ) .
fundamentally , his argument is that it should n't come down , ever .
he 's basically arguing that it should stay up and remain untouched .
that 's heartening .
ken 's using this statue issue in virginia and north carolina to signal that deep down , he 's sympathetic to native hawaiians .
the spirit of aloha can work its magic even on ken .
@dawg_lb @can2geterdone build a wall from south cal all the way up to the canada border .
keep your rats , disease , illegals , liberal psychos , hollyweird , etc inside your walls .
then maybe the san andreas fault will do the rest
the only spic i d stick my dick in tbh
this woman needs to be put in a mental institution !
@aoc   honey , can you get some help !
you are off the charts psychotic !
🌀 🤪 🌀 # liberalismisamentaldisease url
rape here is different than in other parts of the world , nobody " spewed " that , it is logic my 12 year old can understand .
and i said yours could change , maybe they wo n't , but if everybody else 's change and your do n't then you can see the chaos that would cause .
these guys in questions probably have talked about people like this for most of their lives , and they probably do not see anything wrong with what you and i and many others see as crude humor .
the old testament ceremonial laws are just that - for a specific people in a specific time period , i do n't know why god chose to do that , but he did .
build the wall mr trump and throw the 4 crybaby wannabe congress so called women over it back to their sandbox .
their camels miss them
lol this dumb bitch is so triggered started spamming me with slew of retarded mentions
why ca n't you play uno with a mexican ?
because they steal all the green cards .
it occurred to me that joan rivers died two weeks after she made the obama is gay and michelle is a tranny comments i wonder 🤔
those 4 bitches represents terrorists and illegal immigrants .
i 'm not christian but ur going to hell for using those .
pimlico racetrack area is weird two sides of it are complete ghetto dumps while the other two sides are still fairly decent even w some upscale people living there i love the track itself just hate the west south sides of the track
anthony , wild animals , and to a lesser extent dogs , do n't know any better about where to defecate .
humans , even the inebriate misfits , have had training about where and how to relieve one 's self .
when the squatters do otherwise they simply are demonstrating the training did n't matter because they do n't care .
the squatters are making a choice : they 'd rather beg , steal and be drugged than work and adhere to social and healthy norms .
mexican jokes why are there no good mexican athletes ?
because anyone who can run , jump , or swim has already crossed the border what 's a mexican 's favorite bookstore for those who can read ?
borders
you misread my post .
i said " the majority of state legislatures " , as in the majority of the 50 state legislatures not just alaska .
one guy was hoping trump kicks out all mexicans and builds the wall when he himself is hispanic .
people hurt my brain .
canada has a big problem ahead : global cooling .
as the northern hemisphere cools on a yearly basis , canada will struggle to grow food during an ever - shorter growing season .
as the country increases its population , it will also need to import more food from overseas ; canada will also struggle with this as the loonie devalues and purchases less .
already , canada has a food security crisis with many families dependent on food banks because their incomes are not enough .
agreed .
the devil is in the details !
then that judge should be deported to guatemala or forced to live in a sanctuary city housing projects with the rest of those measles spreading cocksuckers .
+ andy capp better go watch crime daily or crime watch on here to see who 's killing their loved ones by a mile over any other race ... not us ... that 'd be you people
men are depressed get raped harassed and murdered everyone … someone talks about women getting harassed everyone what about men 😡 or do you just not care about them 💔 all you care about is women 😔
i used to think conservatives were into conserving things , things like old buildings , sea life , wildlife , endangered species , the environment .
historic treasures and they favor national parks and marine preserves too .
boy was i wrong .
this is quite simply brainwashing of our children .
it 's racism our and simple and is peddled by professional victims .
i assume most blacks are criminals when i see them , its why i never hire any .
i m usually right .
most of my friends who went into the trades went to a vocational school , or took courses at a local community college .
white supremacist shoots people .
better find a way to somehow blame the left !
yes they .
you took away christian beliefs and freedoms cuz it hurt your fuckin feelings .
now you just want to stomp out freedom of religion and speech at the same time protesting for nothing
if you want a good intro on how to take on anti - whites check out beefcake 's bootcamp .
what do you think about someone holding a sign that says , " deport all mexicans ! "
in this volatile climate ?
topple , i guess you want to be in charge of who gets restricted .
that puts you and hitler in the same boat .
stand up americans do n't want you or hitler doing the restricting .
we prefer our freedom to protect ourselves and our families and fellow citizens .
barn full of white bitches
it 's like you 're in mexico , but you can drink the water .
fox news now talking about the violence in chicago guano williams the blame is on all of the former current democratic mayors they never cared for the poor in chicago obama a parasite on his own people blacks can buy guns from eric holder protest local leaders
1.3 billion refugees .
we do n't need a wall , we need a fucking dome lined with machine guns .
what 's the difference between a black guy and a mexican guy ?
the crime they 're pleading innocent to even though they know there 's not a chance in hell they 'll win the court case .
a kid asks his dad why people who farm are known to have green fingers because they are normally brown
the corrected related map link has been reposted above .
here 's a shortcut link : http://rgne.ws/2s7dijc 

 we apologize for the inconvenience .
— carl davaz , deputy managing editor
let 's be fair .
the people of the state of alabama , who thought george wallace was a god , deserve judge moore .
just shows things have n't changed much
cisgender   thank you
that people think they can choose their own sex / gender . (
or claiming that sex and gender are different )
he is also on record as saying that labeling street shitting as a barbaric practice is offensive and any white canadian caught saying such will be imprisoned for a period of not less than < number > years
all of whom are women of colour .
the colour of shit talking shit acting shit .
i am with trump bye bye
read the whole thing .
you 're the one who keeps jamming in irrelevancies .
done with the faux latin guy for a while .
he needs jesus to come inside him .. but jesus is in a detention facility :(
< user > i peeped your avi you definitely look like the ghetto ass auntie that you are 😂 🤩 💋
fuck this racist puta !
bed mattress harris all of sudden " cares " about fucking " illegals " bitch go back to laying on your back and on your knees you fucking anchor baby shit stain .
you and oshitstain need to be locked up in the same shipping container you floated on and shipped back to fucking india or jamaica or wherever you were bought .
mom called the police on dad the other day why do daughters always hate their parents so much ?
he 'd knowledgeably disagree with you .
1 .
how does a hispanic girl grow up to become a white lady 2 .
that little boy in the tank top seems very athletic , kudos 3 .
its called terminatorman not terminatorlady
wait there is going to be anti - white people in euro 2012 ?
it does n't matter what the artist would have thought of it .
it is meaningless simulacra and has little to do with him ; just another branding initiative dreamt up by politicians .
montreal has always used cohen as boosterism fodder .
it is for tasteful people to devise how they 'd like to remember him , something like the last line of the article .
i do not have a problem with this the beaners are always shooting and throwing rocks at bp agents from spicland fuck off beaners build the fucking wall trump
why is that little bitch bubble boy marco rubio doing sitting down get your ass up and clap before we send you back to your commie island
i worked in puerto rico for the navy on off ten years mixing hispanic with black gives you exactly the sort of low agency < number > < number > iq barrio ghetto chaotic gibsmedat shit show you would expect
too much change , too fast .
@jackposobiec @somelittlellama @oann wow it looks like mr. hates refugees and immigrants wants to be one .
hard pass
nigga would not rob me if i gave em a gun
< user > < user > when the hamilton crew censured pence they proved themselves deaf queer and dense spooks queers and lesbians are we anti thespian to make a few jokes at their expense hamilton boycott hamilton tw exit pence maga 1 a
you tube has censored our channel because we have been trying to expose the normalizing of pedophilia by elites etc ( including university prof. 's etc ) 

 # pizzagate # pedogate # savethechildren # speakfreely # nwo # luciferians # divideandconquer # lies
so called peaceful tolerant people rejecting democracy by promoting violence intolerance are no less bigots than those they condemn < number > years of liberal political failures to commit to viable change have only led to a disillusioned middle nurtured extreme views on the left and right
damn zidane do not trust the belgian slut no more
look at the color of your skin !
you should know spanish !
all you niggas can suck my dick
if liberals truly do not believe it is a problem if european magazines and media display black people middle easterners and asians as europeans then why do they think it is a problem if they do not either race matters or it does not can not have it both ways
the truth is a lot of women refuse to leave cheaters because trying to be everything to a man is an ego trip and any deviation from that drives y' all mad when none of that is healthy to begin with
fasi for mayor ! ! !
@collins sakwa nuclear weapons in the hands of islamic fanatics will not end well for anyone .
hawaii needs even more stringent gun control laws .
hawaii should also implement a gun buyback program to reduce the prevalence of guns , like australia 's successful program 20 years ago .
every year in the us , more than 30,000 people die and more than 75,000 are injured as a result of gun violence .
guns have become a public health menace .
can we talk about how versatile ice is ?
i mean i can cool down drinks .
it can cool down foods and meats .
it can round up mexicans .
i mean just a real versatile item , that ice .
what do you call a mexican in the pool bean dip
< user > < user > when the hamilton crew censured pence they proved themselves deaf queer and dense spooks queers and lesbians are we anti thespian to make a few jokes at their expense hamilton boycott hamilton tw exit pence maga 1 a
it makes you feel awake and clean as heck .
and , i thought it was such a stupid product before i used it .
+
< user > < user > police state they can not stop they want to kill all of us 😠 😡 😠 😡
" same god that turned water into wine can turn your nigga into mine " 😂 😂 🤣 🤣
> no guy wants to fuck you and you 've never had any dick in your life   how are you claiming you are n't a homophobic rapist stalker with that hideous comment claiming homosexuals should be raped because they are n't attractive enough .
you ugly hillbilly slob .
lesbians do n't want you because we are same sex attracted .
this is a rape threat   ban this psycho rapist goon !
ughhhhh gross ! ! !
i 'm so sorry she said that .
i 'm a bi lady , have been out for like 10 years , and i do a lot of activist / charity work for the lgbtq community .
any time i make the mistake of mentioning it to my mom , she implies that i 'm secretly a trans man , and hiding it from her .
they just have to pretend that they can " see right through you " and know you better than you know yourself , even though they barely know you at all
thank you , augie smith , for this important column .
seeing how her peers at the track meet accepted her fills me with hope for the future .
if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes .
you are a non - white .
you might as well be fully mongol .
why does the fleet insist on fucking with me when i have a headache ?
they should know that it wo n't end well for them . #
cockdestruction
rt @fyffey1875 : ya fucking dancer & # 128154 ; ggtth https://t.co/fo3kdp1xhn
" @theqeld @jeremycorbyn why you talking about kindertransport ?
whilst on the subject of that era " " if facism ever comes to america " " "
stinks getting our women killed in battle now because of the anti white cultural marxist scum in our white christian government trying to replace us and kill us using people of color
yet he fed the israelites for 40 years in the desert with manna from the sky but when it comes to african children the god of israel turns a blind eye oh wait he is the god of israel not africa 😂 😂
there are not any jew signatures on our declaration of independence those subversive babylonian blood sucking serpent seed kenite vampires are not out founding fathers posterity .
they are not our brethren .
they are christ killers .
they are anti - christ .
unpopular opinion wearing dg in < number > is racist and i will assume you hate asians and gay rights
the usa does not need any more rats and cockroaches , get them out !
" we do have an illegal immigration problem and not only with mexicans but with all other nationalities . "
yup , those darn swedes are really causing problems !
and they 're taking our jobs ! ! !
bull shit the witch got < number > million illegal beaner votes
a hoe gon be a hoe , that ai n't a hunnid .
you misread my post .
i said " the majority of state legislatures " , as in the majority of the 50 state legislatures not just alaska .
in the future i predict many amputees will have penis and vaginal injuries .
you know it 's enadible , need to be mature and plan .
so this is what a chapo fag looks like without their sheep 's clothing ...
it strategy goy first we lure in beaners with a false sense of security then we let them win we can not lose trump a brilliant businessman he knows what he doing
nope he 's african american .
must be nice living in your bubble of lies and denial !
and i do n't think color of there skin has anything to do with it .
these kids just found someone to buy them alcohol and got drunk drove and someone died .
it 's happened before and it 'll happen again .
black , white , latino or whatever nobody 's immune to stupidity or the affects of alcohol behind the wheel .
the clown crisis across this nation gets worse every day .
why do mexicans name their children jesus ?
it makes no sense .
jesus was n’t mexican he was human
< user > i fucking hate you 😭 cause why say that lol
i know what gypises look like in the easten europe i seen many of them in lviv ukraine begging for my food .
mexico can teach us many important skills we did n't already have .
like how to leave mexico .
showering necessary ; not just an option .
" there is no freedom to dissent from church teaching on abortion , contraception , gay marriage , divorce and remarriage , sex outside of marriage , women 's ordination , etc . "
really , f.c ?
so it is only the pelvic issues that really matter ?
that explains plenty about the nature of your posts .
it 's really not our faith of choice that matters , it 's the dedication to our race which is where we are made or lost .
you wo n't have to remind the thug to take your watch , he / she likely took it   before you handed over your wallet .
fuck the fuckboys
they used to have cracker and honky now they have antiracist them to us racist us and nazi does this mean i can say nigger faggot kike sandnigger and spic again fuck you anti white scum 😬
they became the most powerful because of circumstance .
after the second world war they alone were one of the largest countries unscathed by war .
while others spend years rebuilding their infrastructure and economy the us was allowed to expand unabated .
sure they helped but that cost was small in compared to what most of western europe , the soviet 's , and asia were trying to recover from .
even their own atomic and rocket programs were highly indebted to european scientists that fled european tyranny   ( nazi 's ) .
many of the nuclear scientists were not american and their rocket program relied heavily on former german rocket scientists who fled the soviets after the war .
their current education system is falling behind many countries now and the cost of their post high school education is becoming in - affordable to many .
i m tired of seeing that black and white ass eating video the bitch that s shaped like squidward and the the girl getting fucked and then suckin dick like bye
oh , i 'm just taking sarah and her friend to the mall .
i 'm sorry but i do t see how people like linda sarsour point to the hijab as a good thing .
what 's the difference between a mexican and an elevator ?
one can raise a family .
i have solved this problem .
i know where we can build housing in the gta : golf courses .
it 's perfect .
just what we need .
plenty of good land , in nice neighborhoods , land that is currently being wasted on a meaningless , mindless activity engaged in primarily by white , well - to - do male businessmen who use the game to get together to make deals to carve this country up a little finer amongst themselves .
a huge waste of space taking up entirely too much room in the gta .
and for what ?
a boring game for boring people and pseudo-"athletes " ...
hey dunks , did you not notice the hispanic names of the crminal drug dealers ?
of coyrse they are illegal immigrants .
thank you pres .
trump
it should be matter of fact but it is n't .
how many trans people have been in any big hollywood blockbuster ever ?
none .
if this is true it 's a first it 's breaking a perceived barrier and that should be celebrated .
nta .
you 're being required to be in this homophobic environment all the time .
you should do whatever you feel you have to do to protect yourself and get through it .
i am gon na go now but i will be back later we are just getting started you and i better rummage through your closet and find your dancing shoes bitch boy we are not done by a long shot
< user > if this country was founded my muslims it would be an oppressive religiously intolerant regime it would be iran
par for course it is so horrendous why wasn t the kid being watched strange there is a father around the other thing they could give a shit about some dead whitey they are now playing the ghetto lotto
brampton here , or hell as i call it .
ahh yes the ghettos i forgot those he meant white people
yahoo.com/entertainment/foxs-smith-avoids-story-covered-heavily-colleagues-222413512.html?.tsrc=daily_mail&uh_test=1_16 … 
 fox news said smith was " one of the most valued and talented journalists " at their network .
< number > yr ago muslims shot killed whites blacks latinos asians christians jews for the fact they were non muslim americans sanbernardino
in that magic hour , i seen good christians , make brash decisions .
oh she dooooo it .
what happened to religion ?
oh she loooooose it
forgot to do something about a population of people that hated america back in the 1860s .
that wound just festered and their children were bred and taught to hate .
old dudes who like fucking chicks in their 20s - they are openly descriminated against often being called names like " creep " or " perv " when going in for the descrete sniff or to cop a gentle feel & these slurs are said in public and nobody says a thing .
its a fucking travesty if i am honest .
there should be a day where older guys can just touch them and they have to pretend to enjoy themselves .
the economist recently had an excellent article on charter schools .
one irony is that unlike in massachusetts , where the charters are well - regulated and providing an excellent education , in michigan , where devos fought for charter they are lightly regulated ( because of the right - wing fear of any govt program that works ) and the results for students are dismal .
< user > brown immigrants will be blamed
i want to ram my cock down her throat
i knew honduran men ai nt shit smh url
who is this nick fuentes is she some kind of spic jew who wants to be a white nationalist
niggas talk to < number > bitches find out you text somebody else amp all of a sudden you a hoe amp he hate you 😂
+ steve french i do n't know if he was yellow , purple or green but i do declare if he was white your probably right as we would have seen his photo by now
after a breakup niggas go fw the hoe they talked the most shit about 😂
" to suggest it 's black food is simply racist . "
well i think that 's what the fuss is about .
as they had previously invited latino students over and served them tacos , they were trying to match the food with skin color .
collard greens and corn bread is what they picked for the black students .
at least they did n't pick fried chicken and watermelons .
anyway , what they did is n't racist , just misguided .
likely all of the student groups would have been more comfortable without themed food .
before we blame dykes kikes spics niggas whit trash redneck honky trailer trash why do not we look at what part we played in a situation why do not e ask ourselves what could i have done to prevent it did i even try
old soul states : " trump spewed hate filled rants on women , mexican ’s , and muslims . "
huh .... please specifically state the number of , and the verbatim quotes made by trump 
 on " women , mexicans , and muslims . "
can you do it ?
everywhere in the world , they hurt little girls .
so this is what a chapo fag looks like without their sheep 's clothing ...
q what do you get when you cross a nigger with a mexican a somebody that too lazy to steal < user >
end your spiritual violence against black queer and trans people now .
end your physical violence against black queer and trans people now .
define yourself in one sentence me pagal lover of pakistan n islam now your turn
the wall is not the final solution these beaners will keep having babies keep balkanizing our society < user > ‍
what a gross waste of taxpayer money ! !
it 's looneys at our muni who continue to fritter away our money and who will make life in anchorage that much harder for everyone .
rt @estellleeee : lol bitches act hard when they stay getting they ass beat & # 128514;&#128557;&#128514 ;
why did god make hinduism ?
to not have to deal with fucking brown people .
the alternative is to spend wisely on maintaining infrastructure , and growing it to meet the needs .
we 've tried to disregard roads and spend on light rail , streetcars and bicycle lanes and paths , and it has n't done much .
most of the increase in cycling has come at the expense of inner - city trimet bus use .
max is basically a parking - lot shuttle for downtown government workers , blazers and timbers fans , but the entire region is having to pay for that system that serves just 1 - 2 % of the total trips taken in our region , and largely by people who can afford to pay more than 25 % of the operating costs of it .
anti - road critics often criticize road users for not paying their fair share and for congestion , while allowing mass transit to cover even fewer of its costs and justifying empty trains ( i.e. wes ) while doing nothing about overcrowded buses ( because " nobody rides the bus " ) .
meanwhile , cyclists want more money spent on them ... but refuse to accept a tax .
with that said , fall kabib , here 's more : from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
soo what countries taking american refugees because this system is acrumbling
right on jason !
no other song gets me hype the way run it up by g herbo does ... like i can not explain it , i 'm a whole different person & # 128514;&#128514;&#128514 ;
@cap_institute the bible does n't teach hatred and buffoonery .
send the whole group back to europe .
url
caldwell is hawaii 's trump .
what do you call a mexican who can run , jump and swim ?
a texan
if her pension offers any other benefits , health insurance and the such , she may want to factor that in to her decision .
i know that the company plan i am in offers out of country medical and catastrophic drug coverage .
hopefully , just a bump in the road like the washington series .
let 's go for a sweep in sandy ego .
here 's hoping this is the biggest most beautiful government shutdown ever !
cnn lies is hitler ‏ < user > 1 h1 hour ago i know that hard to fathom but as george zimmerman or the residents of ferguson if cnn is not willing to gin up violence < number >
if the church is in error than it   surely can not be the church of god ?
i mean if the church got something as important as human sexuality wrong   than how can it be trusted to be right on anything ?
while i have always wondered how it was that canada , as a country , could not own or nationalize any part of its natural resource industries , as that would be a communistic / socialistic approach and go against our capitalist style free / private enterprise economy , although we can a government provide all kinds of tax incentives and bailouts to assist private companies , when deemed necessary , that it was sometimes acceptable to allow private enterprise to sell their resource sector companies to other foreign companies that were in fact part of a foreign communist government .. ie : state owned ... not ok for the canadian government to invest directly or own a stake in the resource sector , but ok for a foreign government to invest or own a stake .
kind of a double standard influenced by entities , other than canadians .
with that said , probably the idea of   the chinese government investing and participating in our industries , is just fine if the existing labour laws , human rights etc are   upheld
would you buy a plane from a manufacturer that is broke ?
read both your comments .
you 're really awesome .
l2 g
a uk - wide # depositreturn system could boost our recycling rates to over 90 % .
but it could also raise over £ 1 billion for local charities - 20 % of people would donate their deposit to charity , given the option .
would you ?
read and share the story > > url url
# tommymcmurtry # libertybaptistchurch enjoy everyone !
url part 1 : url part 2 : url part 3 : coming soon 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 stop encouraging violence on lgbt people 🏳 ️‍ 🌈 @dearmratheist
because scumbags still hate italians as europeans but love spic scum latino trash bags spics of all kinds get a pass even though many spikos hate nig nigs and heebs imagine that in this day and age jew broads prejudice against italians
before the indian fighters of the last frontier get too far , to wit : from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
it is one 's inner motives for criticizing the pope that matter .
is is an honest criticism or is it because one wants to be right ?
i believe that if a christian catholic is honest they will see that this pope preaches and lives the teachings of christ and that to disagree with him is to live under the old law which jesus came to fulfill with the new law of love .
really is that simple
i noticed that too - that dates the start of v2 to 12 years before j23 even became pope .
sorry your wrong .
the f-15se is a updated version of the f-15e. , much like the russian fighters you refer to and the super hornet , neither of which has the f-15 record .
it is still the premier fighter aircraft in the world .
try reading this : 

 http://bestfighter4canada.blogspot.ca/2014/05/why-boeing-should-offer-up-f-15se-to.html
data collective and synbiobeta founder john cumbers launch a seed stage biotech funding https://t.co/uxfnxbmzs9
this guy reached out to me on facebook apparently we are related and it from my dad side where both my grandparents were 2 nd cousins dude about to get to know his mexican hillbilly side
is israel that desperate to start a war with iran ?
it wo nt be a cake walk and israel wo nt be the one taking the brunt of the cost .
why ?
there are not enough benzos on this goddamn planet for me to cope with this potus launching missiles at syria .
https://t.co/6sjb3xlaen | cover crop | buckwheat , but also mangel seeds and broadbeans just because https://t.co/4xwzvivfxc
i 'm watching it happen .
i 'm watching the numbers climb .
this is bonkers . #
lawandordersvu
' 
 … .
you 're ' counter ' was what 's known as false equivalence .
that 's not a counter .
.
asians have a weird thing where they will read the protocols and then decide to teach their kids aggadata from the talmud
< user > this asian characters most of the times east asians are either edgy eccentric martial artists or nerdy genius sidekick of the white main i am so tired 😥
if my music career does n't work out i am without a doubt just gon na relocate to the mediterranean and live my life as an evil mermaid & # 128044 ;
this is honestly why i rarely speak about my religious achievements , like the juz i 'm on , or even as small as how close i am to wearing the correct hijab .. may allah protect us from riya url
" to quote michael crichton ... "  

 i blew coffee through my nose on that one .
for more on the science of climate change maybe you can find the guy who wrote the star wars books or the jurassic park stuff .
after all nothing says science like a fiction novelist .
and i heard the guy who did the archie and jughead comics knows one heck of a lot of science stuff so there 's another great source for you .
the three people to blame for this situation are : 
 1 ) obama 
 2 ) crooked hillary 
 3 ) lyin ' justin trudeau 

 these three liberals refused to pressure china to do something about north korea .
obama and clinton did nothing and let the problem fester into the crisis it is today .
trudeau is too busy chasing chinese money and trade deals to say a discouraging word about north korea to the chinese leadership .
this is what happens when corporatist liberals run governments .
they make a mess , they make the world more dangerous , they put all our lives at risk .
if we want the world to be a safer place , we need to elect more nationalists like trump .
when you wanna be white really really bad but you are just a fucking wetback
< user > i think in < number > agreeing or not with gay marriage personally a lot of people concur with your sentiments for some it interferes with the practice of their religion what would you say to the gay marriage bake me a wedding cake scenario
@shruti7410 @hobibryant @sp0kenjoon @jinpathy like when they mocked my culture
http://www.amren.com/news/2015/07/new-doj-statistics-on-race-and-violent-crime/ 
 new doj statistics on race and violent crime 

 this table can be used for a number of interesting calculations .
first , we find that during the 2012/2013 period , blacks committed an average of 560,600 violent crimes against whites , whereas whites committed only 99,403 such crimes against blacks .
this means blacks were the attackers in 84.9 percent of the violent crimes involving blacks and whites .
this figure is consistent with reports from 2008 , the last year doj released similar statistics .
perhaps not coincidentally , that was the year mr. obama was elected president .
interestingly , we find that violent interracial crime involving blacks and hispanics occurs in almost exactly the same proportions as black / white crime : blacks are the attackers 82.5 percent of the time , while hispanics are attackers only 17.5 percent of the time .
p*dophilia and z**philia are not part of the lgbtq+ community and should not be associated with us in any way !
they are nasty and should be exiled from modern society ! ! ! ! ! !
url
" inflammatory rhetoric "   eh ? ? ?
" my grandmother is a typical white person " 

 " the cops acted stupidly " 

 trayvon martin could have been my son " 

 " michael brown could have been me " 

 " if they bring a knife to the fight , we bring a gun " 

 " be confident in your blackness " 

 " i have become a symbol of the possibility of america returning to our best traditions . "
" if latinos sit out the election instead of saying , ‘ we ’re gon na punish our enemies and we ’re gon na reward our friends who stand with us on issues that are important to us , .... " 

 " ... another one of those tricks i had learned : white people were satisfied so long as you were courteous and smiled and made no sudden moves .
they were more than satisfied , they were relieved -- such a pleasant surprise to find a well - mannered young black man who did n't seem angry all the time . "
the big relatable , i wish i had constant dysphoria but i 'm totally cis ™ ️
this is a moral failing of the church .
the " leaders " of this church apparently do n't care about the economic consequences of uncontrolled immigration , especially when it 's a scenario we currently have , a rich superpower with a generous welfare - state for anyone that breeds bordering a failed narco - state full of desperately - poor people who do n't change their government to improve their own lives .
mexicans and latin americans in general prefer to simply run away from their problems and bring their families , their culture , and their problems here to america and force us to help them .
no thanks .
return to sender .
deport .
i am so fucking mad i hate fucking mexicans so god damn much fuck if i see a fucking taco eating wetback obese fucking quincenuera feliz navidad como esta looking motherfucker i will put you in a fucking trebuchet and launch you into the gulf of mexico where you belong
taking drugs ease the pain so wen i think about shit i do n't go insane
it 's really not our faith of choice that matters , it 's the dedication to our race which is where we are made or lost .
he is boy but why he like a girl
thank you , augie smith , for this important column .
seeing how her peers at the track meet accepted her fills me with hope for the future .
haha , bring it on mexico .
americans have finally had enough of the endless amounts of crime , disease and expenses we 've endured directly because of your shit hole country .
better than the interests of soros / pelosi like our other very much absent senator .
republicans are following trump 's sick racist and xenophobic lead .
at the first virginia gubernatorial debate , ed gillespie admitted virginia does n’t have “ sanctuary cities .
but that did n’t stop gillespie , the republican gubernatorial nominee from grabbing the white supremacist baton from failed confederate candidate corey stewart to release one of the most racist ads in recent political memory .
“ ed gillespie clearly believes that his route to victory rests in demonizing young latino men and the immigrant community as a whole , ” said luis aguilar , a deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) recipient and casa in action member . “
he may believe it is an effective campaign tactic , but the people i speak with are furious with the abject racism of ed gillespie ’s campaign and plan to deliver that message on election day . ”
resist trump and his agenda .
ms.amylou : 

 i 'd agree to that on condition that our ' majority ' community places the same standards on itself .
funny , have n't heard that white folks raised any money to help the widower and two children of that woman that murphy m. gross killed , and only did eight months time for .
eh .
white folks wo n't even turn in their miscreants when they hold public office !
kindly do n't presume to lecture others about doing what you yourselves refuse to do ( or are unable to do ) .
and this does n't mean i lack empathy for that poor old gentleman who was mercilessly beaten -- i do hope the guilty party is held responsible .
i had an older cousin beaten to death by a younger relative looking for drug - money some years ago .
but i dislike double - standards .
dislike self - righteousness even more .
no , you did n't .
on record , that 's the gimmick !
alaska has been much warmer and much colder many times in the past but it was before records were kept .
nome beach levels have been higher and lower than the present beach and i saw palm leaves pulled up from drill holes in prudhoe bay .
ahem !
fuck every single one of you racist pos in the replies lmfao , take your ass to trump 's states and you 'll know exactly how they feel .
its easy to talk cock and make fun when you 're amidst your own , but the moment u step out of this country , ya'll will crumble
as another trans person , you 're welcome xo :)
yes npr do go on please tell me about all the poor women who need my money because they can not keep their legs closed maga speakfreely
i am a staunch realist 
 i see things for what they are not what they can be
> but .. where in the fuck do they deport you to ?
it 's easy , they 'll just stand you up infront of the color chart with shades from * not quite * white enough to full on shithole country citizen .
what is the most common name said in prison ?
ben dover
all this makes handsome candidate kelleee leeeetch   very happy .
make me moan while you fuck my pussy deep # horny # nudes url
this is not fake news on the part of fox :   it is misrepresentation .
in more common terms , fox lied about this guy .
not that the trump monkeys would ever believe that . . .
that may be true but at least its our ghetto we find a work around jews cosmopolitans niggers dindus spics jumping beans chinks squints we should just superimpose pictures of heather as a white male and brag about killing skinny white males
can not stop thinking about the gay rats from arthur i hope they had a good honeymoon
agreed , gang violence has to be weeded out .
also , guns are not violent since they are inanimate objects , gang members are .
call immigrant detention centers what they really are : concentration camps url # indigenous # tairp url
trump 's racial animus against hispanics ( mexicans ) started on his first day on his campaign trail - all mexicans are criminals , rapists , murderers , and on and on .
so that prompted the state of new york to lead a lawsuit against the united states along with 14 other states to stop the end of daca .
as with the travel ban , trump and his alabama - born and raised ag jefferson beauregard sessions will see their ill - fated white supremacist venture evaporate as it very well should .
parnell would have let the aklng project die two years ago when it became clear it was n't going anywhere .
do n't kid yourself , bob , this is walker 's baby and the alaska republican party wants nothing to do with it , or a fake conservative like him .
fuck white supremacists , homophobes , misogynists , and ignoramuses .
rt @exlibris : i have an embarrassment of bitches
vote trump , allah will wash you filth out to sea .
bitch shut up damn it im tired of you im tired of you crying over somebody that is not gonna make you a fucking face , learn that shit on youtube baby cause its not even hard then you wanna sot yo big gorilla lookin ass complaining and shit and then stealin somebody elses shit
.@femitheist @ktonieskacze hard to say w/o knowing if avg .
welfare w/o a dad is & gt ; or & lt ; avg .
cs payment .
if less , it would reduce incentive .
if you do n't want robocalls , sign up with nomorobo and that should do it .
usually , when we watch tv , the caller id will come on the screen with the phone number ( usually out of state ) .
the phone will ring once and that 's it .
that 's the good thing about nomorobo .
one ring and pau .
you know it 's a robocall .
what would harry potter 's name be if he was german ?
harryan potter
" there is no freedom to dissent from church teaching on abortion , contraception , gay marriage , divorce and remarriage , sex outside of marriage , women 's ordination , etc . "
really , f.c ?
so it is only the pelvic issues that really matter ?
that explains plenty about the nature of your posts .
@aig " why god hates pride " ..... funny how he 's supposed to be " all loving " until you twist it all round in your hate filled bigoted manner .
how about you stop persecuting other people and just concentrate on getting your own house in order ?
you have 2000 years to catch up on .
it was about my second year of university when i was forced to take psychology and sociology 101 ( math major ) .
in sociology we learnt how gender was a social construct and absent our bias differences would disappear , in psychology we learnt about the biological differences between the sexes , up to and including brain structure .
now these were 101 courses 20 years ago but i still question this idea that " masculinity " is a social construct .
my boys play with guns and my daughter likes dolls- i did n't buy my daughter a doll until she asked for one and i 've never bought my sons guns- they just use fingers and toilet paper rolls .
is n't it possible that tens of thousands of years of evolution has influenced the behavour of men and women ?
with a sufficient knowledge of statistics i can tell you that the correlation is convincing .
lol , a muslim immigrant in germany who cut his daughter 's head off in front of everybody did n't get any punishment .
while i have always wondered how it was that canada , as a country , could not own or nationalize any part of its natural resource industries , as that would be a communistic / socialistic approach and go against our capitalist style free / private enterprise economy , although we can a government provide all kinds of tax incentives and bailouts to assist private companies , when deemed necessary , that it was sometimes acceptable to allow private enterprise to sell their resource sector companies to other foreign companies that were in fact part of a foreign communist government .. ie : state owned ... not ok for the canadian government to invest directly or own a stake in the resource sector , but ok for a foreign government to invest or own a stake .
kind of a double standard influenced by entities , other than canadians .
with that said , probably the idea of   the chinese government investing and participating in our industries , is just fine if the existing labour laws , human rights etc are   upheld
but that vail of secrecy gives us license to speculate , so i speculate that trump owes more than he owns .
being highly leveraged is a good way to make money , and trump seems to be a risk - taker , if not a thrill junkie .
if his unique and most valuable possession is his marketable name on otherwise unremarkable properties , then it makes perfect sense to link his brand to the highest most powerful office in the world .
and let 's not forget , he needs good occupancy rates to pay off those debts and make a decent profit .
as trump says about being a businessman - president , " i can do both . "
< user > no one will ever racially profile you for being white she says to all white people ever to live
< user > yeah white women brown refugee cured
i want to thank you for responding to my thread .
@aig " why god hates pride " ..... funny how he 's supposed to be " all loving " until you twist it all round in your hate filled bigoted manner .
how about you stop persecuting other people and just concentrate on getting your own house in order ?
you have 2000 years to catch up on .
( putin ) " ... is now the most popular and respected leader in the world , and in the middle east , following the role his country played in defeating the western / zionist hatched terrorists known as isis , russia is standing tall and looking good . "
* you know they were drinking each others loads in those mugs !
so gay . *
the usa does not need any more rats and cockroaches , get them out !
as to followers remember that twitter followers are cheap to buy and i would not be surprised if twit fucked w travis feed there are like < number > gopers running a lot of them after being asked by the rats sacramento is like chicago totally corrupt hell hole run by wetback mafia
to be perfectly honest , i saw a commercial on the tv and thought it might be better than shaving so much .
how do you stop a mexican tank ?
shoot the guy pushing it .
send them all back over the border and if they do it again just take them out back and shoot em in the head .
we are spending way too much money on these illegal immigrants .
why do mexican kids go around acting like they own all the schools ?
their dads build them and their moms clean them .
all of the intersectionality olympics are bullshit , and you 're shit for playing them too .
why do they need to make sure they check off as many of the " oppressed minority " boxes they can when deciding who to put on a bill ?
just to please some shrieking harpies , and you shrieking about which boxes did or did n't get checked is just as bad .
god i fucking hate flynn stupid fucking idiot faggot i hate him i hate him i hate him
i 'm convinced nle choppa just a hood nigga with adhd url
illegals .
hillary is deeply troubled and should be be in prison for her crimes against humanity .
< number > years after i was raped and never thought i could live again
it 's as if you guys have never heard of a fuckboy stereotype before ... a part of is that they attract women even though they turn out to be assholes .
who would have thought , a palestinian that you ca n't trust . ! !
believe it or not it ’ sunday morning and i ’ m up on my way to work this is ghetto
lol nfl got that nigga the fuck out of here bum ass dirty ass nigga 😂 😂
old soul states : " trump spewed hate filled rants on women , mexican ’s , and muslims . "
huh .... please specifically state the number of , and the verbatim quotes made by trump 
 on " women , mexicans , and muslims . "
can you do it ?
i retrospect it pretty obvious to see that obama is pro muslim if not a muslim himself he stabbed israel in the back tried to give millions to the palestinians and literally gave iran pallets full of money to help them further there nuclear and missile program
no one likes you because you 're smart and transgender .
it 's so intimidating !
do n't you know the jews see a picture like this and laugh their asses off while patting each other on the back .
ladies and gentlemen this country of ours is indeed a shithole country what the hell is this how does an agency funded by tax payers engage in this banditos sins of saviours
they should be installed .
those that fight the importance of sprinklers in high rises should be thrown in jail .
do n't expect someone to try with you if all you do is treat them like a fucking mug .
if famous black millionaire athletes can not love this country that pretty decisive proof that blacks will never peaceably coexist w whites
@nyrkelsmads 
 dat damn dog eats betta den most colored folk do .
why do you talk about the ss ?
is that all you think about ?
i think you 've got nazi on the brain or something .
so tell me old sot , how many illegal hispanic votes do you think hillary got ?
because there are rebliable sources referencing how many legal hispanic votes trump got !
girl : : where is your family from ?
me : : italy , spain , and puerto rico .
girl : : you 're just saying you 're puerto rican to be cool , you 're too pale .
somehow i lost track of how many men i have slept with but i can still name all the women
trump calls haiti a shithole gets universal ridicule in the media hillary brokers haitian children shitholes to kike pedos gets universal acclaim in the media
ppl in this town strive to act ghetto bitch if u don ’ t go back to ur < number > million house on top of haven
# 90dayfienca larrisa ur a ho not even devoirced yet and fucking another dude and the only reason ur in america cause for a green card !
ur a dirty bitch and money hungry i hope ur ass gets deported
get that baby dick out of your mouth , degenerate mohel .
stop genociding palestinians .
i am gon na go now but i will be back later we are just getting started you and i better rummage through your closet and find your dancing shoes bitch boy we are not done by a long shot
i am not crazy niggas are manipulative nah you just crazy ma
@hrajabjp terrorists are more better than thiefs and corrupt .
all muslims and christians are not terrorists / unfaithful and all hindus are not genuine/ faithful
when i was 32 , i ’d bought and sold two houses and bought a third , prevailed over a national homebuilder in a purchase contract dispute , risen to a position of prominence in my chosen profession , won a handful of industry awards as determined by industry peers , was managing my third and fourth brokerage ( 401k , ira ) accounts , served in an advisory role for two education - related organizations and knew my way around local government bureaucracy enough accomplish specific goals without declaring myself a victim of “ the system ” .
in short , i was n’t some babe in the woods without a clue .
nor was i part of a seven - figure business concern and an adviser to the president , but there are n’t many of those .
for all we know , jared kushner may be a fairly sharp character or a charlatan – or both .
but it ’s not outside the realm of possibility that this 32 - year - old kid ( i ’ll give you that , he ’s a kid ) to be in his position .
if that 's all you have , look deeper for something to complain about .
lmao janelle threw that rubber duck like it was nothing i love my bitch < user > exon the beach
< user > might wanna add that anning is a literal nazi
fucken mexicans , they need to learn to be human .
@jenturnek hey .
the university of washington is conducting a study that you may be eligible to participate in for up to $ 320 !
interested ?
lol curb stomping gifs are a personal fave fuck that spic faggot
sometimes i feel like duche bag calls to the clinic are just tests because of how idiotic the people get .
oh , i 'm just taking sarah and her friend to the mall .
the non - union crews will live in texas and louisiana and fly up for their shifts .
the arrogance of the texans in dutch harbor was surprising , even to one used to people from texas .
i remember one wife posting " our men are up there to do the job because alaskan men ca n't cut it . "
edison chouest company policy is you talk to the press you 're fired .
fuck hood and chunti bitches on some real shit , you look stupid acting ghetto and shit or hoeing around , fuck out of here
you seem to be hung up over girl dick .
brampton here , or hell as i call it .
here 's hoping this is the biggest most beautiful government shutdown ever !
a1 : education allows thinking by yourself & amp ; your own opinion , but ?
forces you to accept something w/o having ur own thoughts . #
tollchat
trump please send all non whites back .
keep america great .
from the stats , one out five people shot by police , were black people .
that is well within the population ratio .
that mean other four were not black but probably whites , hispanics , asian americans and natives .
how many times do we have to read about black person being shot by police ?
you read it a lot because that is part of the media 's agenda .
you do n't read much about white guy or asian guy or hispanic guy being shot by police because it simply not in their interest to report it .
media , like so many elements of our society , got their own political agenda .
was castile 's killing a racist one ? ?
would it help if he was white instead of black ?
well , considering that the officer who shot him is a latino , maybe that governor should have said that if castile was latino ..... then he would have been better off .
but in this case , i think that latino officer just panic and for that , he deserves whatever punishment heading his way .
ahh yes the ghettos i forgot those he meant white people
on today ’ episode of white people virtue signaling
@shruti7410 @hobibryant @sp0kenjoon @jinpathy like when they mocked my culture
people of punjab must wipe out toxic poisonous ad and nithaalli congress -- for their own survival # chonnishanjhaadu url
no , but when one third of the earth becomes uninhabitable we will need to shoot the invaders so they do n't rape and kill us .
something similar is happening in belgium at the moment , but on a larger scale .
that s why i would never have kids in america
the whites have become black .
paige is done as a wrestler # wwe her neck injury is like when edge had to quit .
operation mocking bird do not fall prey , do you speak for yourself or from what you heard , there is a difference .

@saddestspiral yup yup amen gay baby boomers fuck off challenge
white card : gangbanging in spite of a windy night
black people are the biggest pawns ever everyone uses them for crime they are always the fall guy .
italian mob uses them to do the dirty work the mexicans use them the japanese use them and the chinese .
now who should know who s name ?
breanna warner , from oregon community credit union was contacted prior to today about a week ago my va was rejected and now i have now means to support my wife and children her are african american , hispanic and native american ... i have contacted katy farringdton , travis , chrisine and natalie .... this is sheer racism
i think spicer is going to need to start using videos and charts and graphs to really teach the media the truth about issues like violence in chicago violent immigrants etc mere words are not enough the narrative in their heads is too strong
this is the new lowest bar for a woman 's retort . "
i might be a horrendous person and a massive liar who trivializes actual victims , but * shuffles deck * you ca n't make a girl cum "
most people are internally sexist , racist , classist , whatever to some degree , the trick is to recognize it and not let it affect your actions and behaviors .
well all of us chicago based people should get together then and toast this disgustingly loving soon to be couple with a round of good brew .
napo pharmaceuticals has made good on its promise to take jaguar animal health back : https://t.co/kfpdsapx3p
yeah , do n't these men know that all they have to do is put on some ugly lipstick , tacky knee high socks and call themselves something stupid like aurora or skye , then invade an actual pride parade ?
gsa 

 i am curious where you are getting your info on roi of wind turbines .
i am not saying you are wrong , i would like to read that info myself .
i know there is a lot of iron , copper and rare earths in the generator at the top of the stick .
he 's a hispanic causing a panic .
sooooo ? ? ?
what we now just for illegal immigration ? ? ?
than do n't complain when terrorist come in like a field day .... idiots .... what a disgrace to anyone who suffered from 911 directly
i actually think that is justified .
who knows what her lack of good judgment will lead her to do .
in the name of " comedy " .
amazing her obnoxiousness was n't recognized for the lack of civility and good judgment it was and is long ago .
no " artistic freedom " justification or rationalization in what she 's done in any way .
much as i disagree   with trump , i think griffin went over the line into tastelessness and obscenity .
again .
give her no more public forums .
enough is enough .
yea , women are disgusting .
squadw brother .
no is not bad and you should never lower your self to their level of self denial and blindness .
the alleged perps are white , black , hispanic .
does that fit your narrative ?
there are a few muslim girls at my school i can tell because they wear highjabs i am always so tempted to give them some bacon 😹
according to the survey that says " 82 % of black respondents support nfl players rights to kneel " - guess what ?
guess what ?
this group of blacks is either - racist , anti - american , or just plain unintelligent enough to comprehend loyalty to our great country .
memo # 1 to black folks - since you are such big proponents of democracy - you are the minority - which means that you do n't get your way every time you whine and complain about bs racial oppression .
memo # 2 to black folks : you are really pissing everybody else in america off with your racist aggression , violence against whites , asians , and hispanics , looting of tennis shoe stores during a natural disaster , burning up perfectly innocent businesses in your ' hoods .
memo # 3 to black folks : grow the f --- k up
you can never be clean : your brown skin wo n't wash off .
sense deez nuts it 's a waste of time to speak to you about this .
please find a feminist to * destroy *
if you find that you do n't have the ability to separate the personal from the discussion of group dynamics , then you should refrain from discussing virtually all political topics .
i do nt see here terminator .
i only see some fucking feminist with mexican retard and ugly effects .
deport the scum to mehico
> july 31st > kamala harris , joe biden inb4 " cop brutally beats old white man on live television "
the only white guy that i despise is the chump .
he is sick , vile and disgusting .
he is dividing our country .
my comments are merely pointing out the fact that a white male opened fire on an audience at a country western music concert .
in all of the news reports that i have watched .
i have n't seen a black , muslim , or asian .
only whites and latinos .
thos why do you think the gunman chose that specific event to accomplish his unimaginable massacre .
african and asian men are notorious for mistreating women yet feminists in theresa may britain are singling out white men for sexual harassment
with the current batch of cpc candidates you get none of the above .
could n't happen to a better set of voters .
( putin ) " ... is now the most popular and respected leader in the world , and in the middle east , following the role his country played in defeating the western / zionist hatched terrorists known as isis , russia is standing tall and looking good . "
it strategy goy first we lure in beaners with a false sense of security then we let them win we can not lose trump a brilliant businessman he knows what he doing
like said many times , never has been about abortion .
if the gop   it would keep then in power , they 'd sacrifice goats to satan on the steps of the capital or the   white house , .
instead they prefer to sacrifice the health , well being and a woman 's freedom to choose .
that is all it has ever been about .
and if the get this , who knows what they will go after next .
birth control ?
lgbt ?
muslims ?
latinos ( even the ones who are citizens ) ?
non evangelicals ? (
face it conservative catholics , they hate and distrust you as much as they do us gay people . )
statistics do not lie a black man who marries a white women and has kids with that said white women abandons them both over < number > of the time
you can choose to be on the side that saves america or you can choose or be on @voxday 's side as the enemy , but you ca n't choose both .
did < user > sponsor the anti trump violence today in berkeley berkeley berkeleyriots taxmarch maga
white people are fucking retarded
why did nt u get these pants out the way my neighbor to the south ur anis wanted to shit down that roid raging punk axes throat !
and nick is a puzzy for spirting off at the mouth and not following that roid raging fucktard to keep him from showing his ignorance
maybe if james gave out more pairs of his " equality " shoes to white guys and hispanics , there might be more equality .
no other word to describe but , fool .
rip nehlen he may be married to a beaner and a christcuck but at least he aiming in the right direction
1.3 billion refugees .
we do n't need a wall , we need a fucking dome lined with machine guns .
that your witty comeback to whites in south africa why are they there is white countries are so great 🤷 🏻 ‍ ♂ ️ 🤣 you dumb fucks are so inferior it sad
why ?
a mexican and an american jump off a skyscraper at the same time .
who hits the ground first ?
the american because the mexican has to clean the windows on the way down
it does amuse me that they can dish it out all day but they can not take it especially < user > that faggot has zero testicular fortitude
brasil ( brazil ) is the largest   trading partner in latin america .
not a friend of canada . (
bombardier , vs. embraer ) 
 what does canada have to provide to that trading   block ?
in mexico , by   far the most solvent of the latin american trading bloc .
justin trudeau is perceived as a " fool "   , or tonto .
and , canadians are well respected in mexico   ( bombardier , linamar ,   magna etc . )
trump is not respected in latin america , and trudeau is perceived as his lackey .
instead of working on my current book or the other i am completely writing for my friend < user > i came up with a new one so i found a way to make arthurian legend very gay also the once and future king is a queer lady cause i said so writing arthurian legend
@iam_troyal5 @briscoefunnyguy @i_gotone @_kaeejones lmaoooo that hoe look like & # 128058 ;
nick the spic le < percent > face mr being catholic pedophile is more important than being white
even backwards banana republic , third world shitholes , have a citizenship question on their census survey 😂 😂 😂 😂
yet he fed the israelites for 40 years in the desert with manna from the sky but when it comes to african children the god of israel turns a blind eye oh wait he is the god of israel not africa 😂 😂
california would be a better place without all the dirty mexicans
it outrageous twitter is always slapping my hand but i must ve hurt the feelings of ghetto trash lebron got suspended for telling the truth
says mehhir as he sucks off a spic larping as a white boy
do n't expect someone to try with you if all you do is treat them like a fucking mug .
shots fired in the area per multiple 911 calls , lone pedestrian on the sidewalk .... not hard to figure out why the officer contacted this individual .
launching a missile strike from a country club , jesus fucking christ
finally listening to bae @kodakblack1k 's album , its fire # nosurprise @iamjess_ca you should take a listen :p
we have several generations of women utterly incapable of making even the simplest sandwich
san francisco has a great chance at having a mayor < user > angela alioto that cares about its citizens safety providing federal officials info on soon to release illegal violent immigrants is what needed to curtail the increasing crime in our communities that priority no < number >
evelyn got white ass parents and grandparents she is not a negro by any means let that shit go
lol now i m worried i will post my dressing up as bts albums pics and someone is gon na bash me for being muslim and posting my outfit
trumpy 's pivot on african - americans and immigration is due to drop in the polls .
he is not sincere , he does not care about african americans , latinos , muslims and anyone else of color .
he is the consummate white bigot - his slogan is make american white again .
btw , he is also a tax cheat .
a couple of " wish we were niggas " wanna a be pussies .
weak as fuck !
have you ever gave hard knocks better than you got them ?
you apparently can say whatever you want about mexicans , hispanics , and black people , but the republican party draws the line on white women
if any one has any info on the austin texas band straight laced any info please contact me at skinranger@yahoo.com white power 88
twitter like a communist and nazi bitch
oh , that 's why you don't have an accent : you're part white .
that fuckin beaner guard is an illegal and they was gon na have him kill paddock before and prevent the massacre then praise illegals in the news as heros but he brown so he fucked it up i m calling it
al - salaam alaykum wa rah'matullahi wa barakatu : here 's how it works : if an individual muslim , black person , or mexican does something wrong , their behavior magically reflects on all muslims , black people or mexicans .
if a white guy does something wrong , it only reflects on him .
not the entire white ' community ' .
this is why these arrogant , self - entitled white supremacists ( a more accurate term than merely ' racist ' ) will defend any state - sponsored murder by a cop , no matter the circumstances , as ' justified ' because ' so many black people are criminals ' according to them .
but these same hypocrites remain utterly silent when it 's pointed out that 79 % of mass - shooters and 80 % of child molesters are white .
white percentage in the overall population is only 62.5 % .
they 're disproportionately represented among mass - murderers and child molesters .
eh .
that seems fairly consistent with white american history and culture , so not really surprising .
how someone with this attitude can do right by the native hawaiians , or the taxpayers who fund oha , is beyond me .
no islam is another anti racialist universalism promoting endless retard level violence jews just use you sand niggers as they use jungle niggers to destroy what they actually fear the white race
" " " daddy 's little princess " " seen this fucking line everywhere , what 's app , facebook , twitter , sick of it ! ! ! "
where are all the famous people i see on tv asking for monthly donations to stop animal abuse ?
am i to believe what you say ?
then show up ! ! !
according to the survey that says " 82 % of black respondents support nfl players rights to kneel " - guess what ?
guess what ?
this group of blacks is either - racist , anti - american , or just plain unintelligent enough to comprehend loyalty to our great country .
memo # 1 to black folks - since you are such big proponents of democracy - you are the minority - which means that you do n't get your way every time you whine and complain about bs racial oppression .
memo # 2 to black folks : you are really pissing everybody else in america off with your racist aggression , violence against whites , asians , and hispanics , looting of tennis shoe stores during a natural disaster , burning up perfectly innocent businesses in your ' hoods .
memo # 3 to black folks : grow the f --- k up
unlike satan , your so - called god has amulti billion kill - streak , is rapist , hypocrite , cunt and not real
note the guy who wrote the original mandate specifiying how wmaf vs amwf were to be dealt with : * * herman p. goebel . * *
​ and ok , you obviously ca n't judge people by their surname , but to have an ethnic german in the us enacting these policies while joseph goebbels was doing his stuff in nazi germany is ironic at minimum , if not outright chilling ...
what runs faster then a mexican who just stole your tv ?
his cousin with the dvd player
🌈 ☁ ️ 🌈 happy pride ! !
i 'm bi as fck and am grateful for the black and brown trans and queer people who came before me and paved the way for me to be able to publicly celebrate my sexuality 💕 💜 💙
but asians have higher iqs than white so you do not want to create the master race of hybrid white asians high iq strong able bodied humans is disgusting says the weeb who defends sand nigger muslims lol you live in fantasy while i live in reality
i know , is n't her hair crazy today ?
she 's going to do something about it today .
i ca n't believe you went to school like that .
on april 05 , 2017 , i traveled 15269 steps , 12.639093399 km , burned 601.94 calories , and was active for 2h 29 m. # up # jawbone
@eugenegu and start with a ban on firearms for white males .
what do fat women and a pile of bricks have in common ?
the both get laid by mexicans
you need to get your movement going to keep blacks , hispanics , and gays in their rightful place .
that 's about 4 " , i think .
why canada got so many bad bitches and they all from quebec
the past hour of driving was horrible .
have decided that i am in fact * not * from initial d.
dm me to see my cock # hard # cock # cumtribute # horny
our culture connects us with our community and shapes our sense of identity .
but too often , indigenous and minority children are denied the right to enjoy their culture , practise their religion or use their own language .
we support these vital opportunities # foreverychild .
url
trudeau senior and margaret were hardly chaste eh .
easy on meredith eh or maybe   the race card   is justified .
per capita whites are doing much better than the chinese besides i think you are over estimating how much soy the average chinaman actually eats
so i heard today that access to information requests have revealed that trudeau & the liberal party president used a government jet to fly to the medicine hat - cardston - warner bi - election to campaign with stan sakamoto .
they got smoked in the bi - election , and now , presto , another scandal .
no wonder he is now at less than 40 % popularity .
girls do n't like weird psychopaths .
who knew
i may not have been clear .
i 'm not saying that clinton and trump each have 40 % of the vote locked up .
i 'm saying that among those who identify themselves as supporting one candidate or the other , around 40 % are considered solid .
yes , clinton has consistently been ahead in the polls .
i was shocked to find out cuba has an olympic rowing team ... .. i thought all their best rowers made it to miami by now .
can not help but feel that mexico perhaps unintentionally or perhaps in an effort to stay in our good standing trade wise let a caravan of illegal immigrants into their own country for the sole purpose of justifying the border wall
prostitutes 
 i will probably see one over the course of the holidays , i 'm feeling pretty low inhibition for some reason
breaking maimane : . #
zille will be charged with bringing the da into disrepute .
she will remain premier during this process .
@enca
right .
someone who says that mexicans are drug dealers and rapists , that muslims should be forbidden from coming to the country because they are terrorists , that " good people " march with nazis and the kkk is not a racist .
and up is down , war is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strength .
incidentally , rd , when have you ever cared a fig about " fairness " ?
you slam those who protest against injustice , which at least implies that you have no problem with injustice .
why have n't we deported this vile creature ?
why waste valuable resources keeping him in prison ?
to 3rd gen ak 's claim on these pages that white men are earth 's alpha males , i offer these few facts .
there are many more like them .
from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
they are allowing this beaner on ellen degenerate show because no one but thots and other assorted sjw wymyn watch that shit
trump is right .
we need a deportation force and throw a few million of them out .
and then build a wall so they ca n't get back in .
then they can be happy in their brown shitholes without having to live among the white men they hate so much .
this is false and spam .
flagged .
the worst part is that i know i m not a retard , i could adopt into social circle if i had an opportunity , but when u r 24 + and out of college and did nt make friends there , u do nt have second chance basically
to do that you gota get rid of the niggers and jews spics arabs etc etc so hurry up
rudest people ever
ian never have to chase a nigga bitch i m da catch
when blacks act in a manner far less likely to involve getting shot their peers call them coons and uncle toms some of their own people told them this too but they did not want to listen
< user > got ta expose these hoes
whites wo n't exist in canada anymore they all have left or mixed themselves away basically leaving canada to become a large ghetto
trump is a racist sympathizer .
he single - handedly used his wealth and fame to perpetuate the lie – wholly racist in nature – that president obama was not born in the united states .
he has declared his intention to deport millions of law - abiding muslims , ban immigration of muslims , and has called mexican immigrants drug dealers and rapists .
he openly accepted the support of avowed white supremacists during his campaign and has done virtually nothing to distance himself from these groups and their political aims since .
the neo - nazi and white supremacist groups that marched in charlottesville are similarly transparent in their purpose .
they believe in the supremacy of white european christians over , well , everyone else .
in particular , they want to eliminate jews and blacks , and latinos , muslims , lgbtq folks , feminists ( perhaps women , generally ) , catholics , and many others .
there is no mystery here .
i 'll always take a prayer ... but it 's probably a better use of your time to pray over all the men who 've had 10 + partners and put themselves at risk of stds and women who 've been on birth control for 10 years & then want to go off to have a baby and ca n't .
break me off a piece of that kit kat bar everyone drunk at my gramps b - day party off da wine couple thoughts equally important
well hello and look what we have hear .
fuck holes presented and ready .
now what should a thick dick daddy do with those cock sleeve should i just plunge my fat dick in one hole deep and leave my seed to drop out and feed to you or should i just alternate fucking them one pump at a time .
pussy , ass , pussy , ass .
then just when close spin you around and dump my load all over that face .
love conspiracy theories they are finding blond red haired mummies all over china mongolia etc theory is they came west from the black sea region and met the asians after a while the black sea tribe allowed technology transfer to the asians asians then used the tech against the black sea
exactly , chris nyman .
when the facts do not support the bias , print the bias as fact ......
i am here for miss lyonne telling the world women do n't need to have children to have a purpose in life ! ! ! ! !
< user > that shit be lit lmao them niggas online be wild tho
laughed at i have been disrespected by all of my peers and have had to stop being myself and talking about them a couple of times because apparently they were not good ugly ching chong chang excuse me wtf i m done with everyone stupid comments about what i love
niggas be looking crazy in a dark ass car late night pulling up on the side of women yelling at them
you all ever notice how white people and nonblack ppl who have done nothing to help black ppl get to a certain point try to demote black ppl success by using poc as an umbrella instead of just saying black sorry but this one for the niggers
thank you ... i hope thay you all injojed in last passed football match croatia - england ... we was nt so much amused by losing the match ...
our local moslimes are clustered to the south and south west serbia does not have colored immigrants moslem or not refugees who got here before surrounding countries have closed borders are located in special facilities and very few have managed to escape and live among general population
please re read what you just posted how how can that not seem totally retarded to you brown skinned true british people ffs if they had that capability why are not their own countries just like britain
to simply say they have freedom of speech is to oversimplify what this flag symbolizes .
it has long been a symbol of hate and intimidation not of only african americans but asians , jews , native americans , hispanics and anyone who is n't white .
if you wave it in my face and i 'm not white how should i interpret it ?
you are making a statement of hate and intolerance .
as a person of color to ignore that would be foolish and possibly dangerous .
yes , there is historical evidence .
the fewer people who vote , the more likely the republicans are to win , especially when those denied are the disenfranchised ( poor , latino , black , .... )
some people are really weird in their thinking have you been to bullhead , az ?
kamijou kept running and kicked a slightly dirty polyethylene bucket scaring a black cat away
the new $ < number > bill is going in the back of my wallet just thought of this
only ones who will be attending are , liberals , lesbians and transgender qweers .
womens soccer or shall i say any women 's sport is just as boring as watching paint dry .
post on r / news reporting petition to remove ellen pao as ceo removed from the front page of r / news
☊ oh great .
the person who took twelve minutes in the restaurant bathroom was a sweaty chef who clearly just took a shit .
probably got bumped to let obama in .
i was on the ucla campus recently .
asians everywhere .
but , it is not that they are bumping asians in favor of whites .
they are bumping asians and whites in favor of blacks and hispanics .
i pulled something crunchy out of my dog 's mouth with my bare hands and upon further inspection , i discovered that it was a bird 's head & # 128579 ;
this is what you nazi faggots do all day
we are spoiled in southern california .
we want it to rain and ca n't get any .
ricky i very much wish this could be a possibility in the us however the data since the < number > until today proves that blacks jews mestizos and asians vote overwhelmingly for democrats non whites vote overwhelmingly for less freedom bigger govt and more gibs me dat please explain
i gave everything i had to someone who did n't give a fuck about me for almost two years ... someone slap me for being that stupid
“ we must love each other , show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred , bigotry and violence .
we must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as americans , ” he said.---coming from a president that spews out hate and has attacked the mexicans and muslim this sounds insincere .
to this day he uses tweeter ( or more like twit account ) to berate others who disagree with him and lowers himself to calling them names .
he is the ultimate bully and liar .
the most amazing thing is that his followers excuse all of his behavior as just another of his eccentric ways .
he is not making america great .
he is destroying america with his divisive ways .
rape here is different than in other parts of the world , nobody " spewed " that , it is logic my 12 year old can understand .
and i said yours could change , maybe they wo n't , but if everybody else 's change and your do n't then you can see the chaos that would cause .
these guys in questions probably have talked about people like this for most of their lives , and they probably do not see anything wrong with what you and i and many others see as crude humor .
the old testament ceremonial laws are just that - for a specific people in a specific time period , i do n't know why god chose to do that , but he did .
at 7:19 is why i hate people , women especially look how mad she got just because the dog splashed her .. f * * * you you stupid b * * * * either have fun or go kill yourself
i bet you can see the mexic - ants from space with the google earth .
photo ants on picnic table cyf salt of the earth
so good for you paul .
you call us deplorable .
we should have a contest to pick an appropriate name for your bunch .
then we could all act like little playground bullies and join you in your fun .
if the census can ask if your female or male if you 're white black hispanic asian or other then it most certainly can ask if you are a legal citizen
you are a skinhead you bitch no dad it leukemia leuk what stop speaking german you fucking nazi
more unarmed whites have been shot by police in 2017 than blacks or hispanics .
that is according to the bastion of conservatism the wapo and their 2017 police shooting database .
so i guess by adding two minority races to skew the numbers you can reach your conclusion , but i would n't say that 44 % versus 56 % is " far fewer white folks " .
i would say that " far fewer " unarmed hispanics are shot than whites ( 11 vs 19 ) and " far fewer " unarmed blacks than whites ( 12 vs 19 ) are shot by police .
the data would seem to suggest that when unarmed and encountering the police you are almost twice as likely to be shot if you are white than if you are black and almost twice as likely to be shot if you are white than if you are hispanic .
have you checked on dt sc membership ?
i would bet on it .
feel good story spic forced out of his job build the wall
i notice some muslims , hispanics , and blacks are claiming the the media , trump , and police are slow to call this terrorism , because the shooter is white , and likes guns and country music .
on the other hand some white nationalists are calling this antifa because it targeted at country music lovers .
the divide in the country again .
my bf informed me that with < date > releases the basic white girls loving psls scarves and fall decorations as if he does not watch football all of saturday and sunday while drinking beer and eat shitty food shouting saturdays are for the boys psh basic white boys
i hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong
after a breakup niggas go fw the hoe they talked the most shit about 😂
start reporting the nationalities of illegal immigrant murderers rapists and frame headlines as national assaults honduran rapes california woman mexican man shoots two in botched robbery illegal immigrant implies they belong or will stay when paperwork is figured out they will not
i was finally getting use to sleeping for more than 3 hours a night .... guess that 's a thing of the past once again .. &#128542 ;
no means no to illegal aliens < number > buildthewall < number > kill daca < number > strictly enforce e verify massive fines and jail for employers < number > decrease legal immigration by < number > < number > ban all muslim immigration < number > withhold federal funds from all sanctuary cities colleges < number > no welfare for immigrants ever
the hoes would hate me before i ever hate them cause ew the ghetto 😂
it is a good thing they relocated all of the new orleans katrina refugees to houston they will be of great help teaching the locals how to handle this flood
+ hellofalotniceguy : i will out live your bitchass mother tho !
when these mormons   get to prison they will be able to talk about the legal system with the blacks and hispanics prisoners .
they may get a different view of our system .
credibility suspect .
that 's being very kind .
the mayor is a liar , charlatan , snake oil salesman and has bilked billions out of the oahu taxpayer .
what was his campaign promise 2 years ago , " on time and on budget ? "
what a crock .
we should march on city hall with torches and demand his resignation .
then start to follow the money trail to where the first $ 5 billion went .
there my friend you will find the way to build the rail , as those firms should cough up all the stolen tax dollars they where funneled to complete the " fail " at least to middle street , where it should end .
can we just admit the only reason blackops is the incel god is because he makes any and everyone look good
happy birthday haleigh!!&#128536;hope you have a great day , luv uuuuu!&#128151;&#128151 ; @hgetchell7 https://t.co/rliptyutgx
said pussy so good ... ah pussy so sweeeettt url
@eugenegu and start with a ban on firearms for white males .
< user > muslim twitter what is the hudud for stealing tweets
i pray to god my baby don ’ t come out acting like this retarded ass nigga 🙌 🏽 lord cause he really got issues
my dad looks at me with such disdain 
 he must be so disappointed with how his seed turned out
ya i saw that and laughed myself sick over it .
why did you delete my replies are you afraid of the truth you dirty wetback < user >
going to uni at this time in this unbearable weather i fucking hate
found a nice pride flag for zoophiles and pedophiles !
url
enlightened peoples of the internet may frown but look , total divas has very consistently been about cena not wanting to marry nikki
i 'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave
i hope i made someone laugh that was having a bad day and for one second they had some joy .
i , a catholic and a jesuit , am grateful for this muslim holy season for challenging me to be a more dedicated child of god .
url
agreed , gang violence has to be weeded out .
also , guns are not violent since they are inanimate objects , gang members are .
i came to terms with that and the fact that they are better with a spear than i will ever be .
thank you , mayor berkowitz and those voting for the property tax increase and more spending in the city of anchorage , for keeping mat - su 's housing market so healthy during this recession .
many of your residents are recognizing that affordable living , larger homes and lots for the bucks , and lower taxes are worth the commute .
keep it up , we appreciate your assistance !
< user > < user > yeh support him for brexit regardless of his attitude towards muslims you do support the murder and harrasment of muslims worse than that you would ignore the evil in someone to support your own view not islam at all
mm , wrong .
money comes from trade .
trade is made possible by industry and human need and sacrifice .
industry and trade produce capital .
money is a fiat that does n't come from government ; government just regulates the fiat .
governments only possess money because industry , trade and capitalism made money possible .
pennies do n't fall from heaven , and governments do n't create wealth .
< user > yeah white women brown refugee cured
that is ok we can bring the bastards here put them in jails and when they finish the sentence deport them great ! ! !
i hate to see such beautiful white females become victims of these sick , violent merciless animals .
[ url - selective\_abortion](url - selective_abortion ) ​ no this is a common problem worldwide you fucking dumbass .
being anti abortion or believing sex based abortions is a problem does n't make you a misogynist .
yeah seriously what in the * fuck * is this ?
some weird incel shit ?
libtard victim spin on history ehh klastri ?
the spaniard criminals you speak of ended up landing in what 's mexico today and killed most men and raped their women .
their dna offspring are now known as spanish speaking mexicans .
lol the bulk of the europeans that landed in the north as in north america were n't the early criminals that were running from the laws back home in the eu .
in the end , there were two forces , the slave owners from the south and the business people from the north .
it would n't fair to lump them together just like you ( d)onkeys lump illegal and legal immigrants into one category as just immigrants .
so we get mad when they shoot our drone down but it 's okay when we shoot theirs down , lol yeah whatever i 'm sick of this just get out of the middle east for the love of god forget israel they are their own country it 's not our job to hold their hand .
notice a lot of y' all cheering , attacks are nothing to cheer about guys and girls , also i 'm a trump supporter so yeah .
random , you are n't smashing shit .
not a single female who is smash material would smash a guy who is a fucking creep .
gtfo of here fam .
the idiotic comments both here in the american press reveal a wanton disconnect with reality .
the " mexicans " , as trump puts it , take agricultural and other jobs americans wo n't .
the central valley in california , where many landowners supported trump , has just realized that if all the " illegals " are deported then their crops will rot in the fields and prices will skyrocket .
this american hopes that wiser voices will prevail in both canada and mexico .
trump needs to be pushed back and hard .
let him live , rant and make up incidents , but do not let this monster destroy our lives .
nick the spic le < percent > face mr being catholic pedophile is more important than being white
cover ups at the end of the day are annoying as fuck
niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down , just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders , fuck you nigger oboama !
when republicans say we need immigrants to stay competitive what they mean is they want your wages to be competitive with chinese wages
it is n't that people should n't come out , especially if that 's what they want .
life can be very hard .
if i was out 10yrs ago i know there are several field jobs i would have missed , or could have been beat up .
drugged up red necks are not the most stable group .
if you have a support system of friends & co - workers who will be there for you then it will be easier .
to all those who have come out the rest of us are grateful .
we wish we could do the same .
we love our queer side , we also love our kids & having a safe place to sleep at night .
i was beating the shit out of minorities but forgot to bring the crack to sprinkle on them afterwards
< url > < number > < number > of u states now have < number > or more immigrants and < number > states have over < number > immigrants as of < number > the u had < number > million legal illegal immigrants now it < number > million and growing by 1 m < number > m a year california is now < number > immigrant
we have much , much more than 50 years of records .
the research literature on the subject is voluminous , and has been conducted by universities and research institutes worldwide .
i 'm not sure what you mean by the " billions of years theory " unless you 're a young earth creationist .
if that 's the case ( and maybe it 's not ) , there 's no point in continuing this discussion .
but if you want it , you can have the last word .
great sentiment i could n't put it better myself .
i always felt that " coming to terms " was an odd turn of phrase , you come to terms with an illness , your sexuality should be celebrated , not reconciled .
if dreamers are so good for a country , mexico would be begging to take them back
< user > my window is closed mackinze i am worrying about myself but i guess so are you two arrogant white bitches dm me if there an issue or stop being childish and talking ya shit
precision of language asher , yr gon na get fucking released
they choose isolated houses away from the locals and come and go in cars at night .
they don`t invite the neighbours around for a knees up ....
i gave everything i had to someone who did n't give a fuck about me for almost two years ... someone slap me for being that stupid
take her to a swingers club that has some black guys or couples and she will get all the bbc she can handle .
the first time i took my wife to thad 's in san diego , a lady asked me if if would be ok for my wife to suck her black boyfriend 's cock and from there on , it was a plethora of bbc for my wife .
that first bbc in my wife 's pussy released her inner slut forever .
today she is a total whore .
i mean , i was operating under the assumption you knew nothing about your background .
my mom is half japanese and i 'm closest to her japanese mother , so even if my dad were n't japanese , i still would have roots with japan .
so i get where you 're coming from .
just do what feels right to you .
it 's not like you 're suddenly claiming to be native american or something .
< user > it is racist democrats that want our country overrun by illegal aliens they want to wash out and dilute any and all white influence in our country
i hope they have the same shit skins build us a space ship funny enough if you look at the spacex falcon heavy launch video they are all white or asian engineers male
the catholic church is the church founded by jesus christ .
there is no such thing as the " roman catholic church " , this was a term invented by anglicans so they could claim to be catholics too ( anglo - catholics ) .
there is the roman rite and 24 other eastern rites in the catholic church .
i built a fucking parfait ad here dont do this again
while there are small time bootleggers in places without bars or liquor stores in poor black communities , the end of alcohol prohibition ended violent gangs who based their existence on alcohol prohibition .
end drug prohibition and violence goes away .
legalize prostitution and pimps go away .
legalize abortion and back alley operators go away .
lower cigarette taxes and smugglers go away .
respect the principle of unanimity in legislating morality and you do n't need a police state ( assuming you quit using the state and landlords to keep blacks and hispanics in their place ) .
imagine my pulsating dick filling your slutty pussy until you go crazy
< user > < user > < user > he is a fucking nutter is < user >
because they cross our borders sick already with their nasty diseases you fuck stick # maga # kag2020 you are a pos loser just like nancy paloser and the rest of your terroirst gang
the president said he wants countless numbers of immigrants to come to our country but they must come legally sotu
that man came & amp ; insisted to get up , said i had kept rumal .
my friend replied - i will out rumal on tajmahel so can i claim tajmahel ?
2 / x
when these mormons   get to prison they will be able to talk about the legal system with the blacks and hispanics prisoners .
they may get a different view of our system .
that 's all interesting lisa but it really avoids the issue .
and you seem be making some misstatements yourself .
i did not say that djou " was going to raise taxes . "
i said that his current position includes " possibly seeking a further get surcharge extension . "
if djou has now ruled out that possibility , or is claiming he never took that position , he should say so directly and explain how he would complete the project without a surcharge extension .
djou seems to have lots of trouble offering specific answers , and people have caught on to that .
" looking for other ways to fund it " does n't say anything and thus does n't really count .
at any rate , my questions were really for cayetano .
have a nice day .
look where iq has gotten us our countries are flooded with brown inbred retards nah i d rather be a nigger at this point
that is ok we can bring the bastards here put them in jails and when they finish the sentence deport them great ! ! !
the clown crisis across this nation gets worse every day .
a1 : education allows thinking by yourself & amp ; your own opinion , but ?
forces you to accept something w/o having ur own thoughts . #
tollchat
you do n't suppose the organized alaska native political action committees ' letter to murkowski did n't have an affect on her meeting with mr. garland ?
alaska natives funding clout ( $ 1 million for murkowski 's write - in campaign )   is having the same affect on murkowski as water boarding did to the guantanamo prisoners .
watch and see .
as i said in my other post , this is just a filter to weed out white knights and otherwise beta men who will just waste her time .
think you need to cuff yo hoe
i am posting everything via gab so it officially not on twitter < user > ‍ therefore you have no reason to shut down and censor my account again for exposing truth and historical facts about the violent ideology of islam
6 senior isis leaders including top al baghdadi aide killed in kirkuk airstrike - iraqi security
sour grapes in may ?
god : do n't worry milledgeville , you may have escaped the tornados but i did n't forget about you https://t.co/6xjlwgrgiv
what race , all i know ( or care about ) is the human race , the rest are just scin tones made into useless dislogical steriotypes .
also there s white , latino , and practically all scin tones in the nfl as well .
i actually live there with small children and the corridor was absolutely unsafe for walking to business .
it was undesireable for adults .
neighbors have nearly every desired business in walking distance and none were willing to do it .
the 5 ' buffer between the cars and the walk and the cars has completely changed it .
i am shopping at business i never went to and we consistently spend at least 75 % of our monthly shopping money in the corridor .
what do you think about someone holding a sign that says , " deport all mexicans ! "
in this volatile climate ?
" " " why did the chicken crossed the road ?
cause you did n't fucking cook it . " " -
@gordonramsay "
someone forgot to read ' boating 101 ' prior to launch . '
install drain plug ' is high on the checklist .
bust out another thousand bro .
whio wants to be my slave dm me slave gay sexting incest horny femboy trap
there is no alternative print medium covering lane county and the boob tube stations are   just a selection of sound bytes .
and then , there are   the comics for intellectual stimulation .
oh , ok .
if the perp and his criminal buddies turn out to be hispanic , will the term " hispanic trash " be ok with you , or will we get an attempted shaming over aztec / native american / spanish history ?
please outline your racial animosity parameters and also any expiration date you may have .
whereas breitbart and bannon are now falling for the media 's gotcha games , the much more savvy tucker carlson refuses to play the " i disavow " game and sticks to his principles .
" f those ugly idiots " " i ca nt stand useless people like this .
we need to dispose of them " " stop crying " \-ljoseph54
is israel that desperate to start a war with iran ?
it wo nt be a cake walk and israel wo nt be the one taking the brunt of the cost .
feel phylliscitations to daff mr hairwigger who has just hadded twinned little curls he was resting between horrockses sheets wailing for white warfare prooboor welsht breton
trump needs to deport these maggots
subtly homophobic news story this child is gay twitter influencer who still shits himself thoughts 😳 🤔 mike pence himself i like gays and even have a faggot friend but this is too much
@mandykat32 okay it 's nice to know i 'm not alone in this .
especially being in a seemingly - straight relationship , i end up doubting myself and feeling really left out or like i do n't belong in the queer community .
< user > < user > you all only caring about their hair if these kids were white it would be different latinos love playing both sides they your homeboy until u say mi amigo or deportation then u a porch monkey i could ever
" one man on a loudspeaker said the largely latino protesters belong in the kitchen . "
what a gasbag .
what 's challenging is when right - leaning and left - leaning pastors both claim god told them who to vote for .
what then ?
reminds me of an old dire straits lyric , " two men say they 're jesus .
one of them must be wrong . "
feel good story spic forced out of his job build the wall
hahaha～i mean its fun of u do nt like social that much its pretty cool that way # kristenstewart anyway i was just sayin hbd2 u happy 27th bd
i be so tight when my brother bring white bitches home like mcht
< number > < number > normally when < user > says everyone is completely retarded i assume he just being hyperbolic nope he right completely walking headfirst into the door jamb retarded or maybe just completely fucking infantilized that an alternate possibility
diversity is our greatest strength !
jesus said " rebuke the sinner " .
begin to resolve these marvelous lessons of jesus christ , vs. suppressing one and over - repeating another .
why do you think evolution works against men who are risk averse or have high social inhibition ?
why are pills white ?
because they work .
where is abercrombie now? ...... it seems like he fell off the edge of the earth once he lost .... and what about his wife at uh ?
the us has the right to protect itself from russian and chinese hostility as well the lines between good and evil are quite clearly demarcated in a democracy - in a communist dictatorship , not so much .
< user > yes chuckster legal immigrants made america not the gimmes of today
subtly homophobic news story this child is gay twitter influencer who still shits himself thoughts 😳 🤔 mike pence himself i like gays and even have a faggot friend but this is too much
maybe if james gave out more pairs of his " equality " shoes to white guys and hispanics , there might be more equality .
no other word to describe but , fool .
republicans win ... alaska 's removable resources will be taken via lisa murkowski before you blink your eye .
skinny old woman like to impress handsome l48 men .
fake news
holy huan henobi , his mexican passport !
arguing that these " dreamers " have the right to stay here & benefit off the crimes of their parents bc its " not their fault & they do nt know that country so we ca nt send them back " is like letting the child of a bank robber keep the money bc " its all they have & not their fault " gtfo   # buildthewall
ur mom gay
i strongly urge general @mbuhari to release el zakzaky .
the more he holds him , the more shiites will confront buhari .
killing them only motivates them .
they are not afraid of death .
boko haram will be child 's play compared to what shiites can become . #
freeleahsharibu # renosdarts
white people have been around for 40,000 years ij is the exact same thing the split is i and j j is older than i and it was j first farmers from that it became j2 i2 is what dinaric have there are different subclades to being nordic to be a nordic i2 it has to be a i1 variant nice try though .
let us   get rid of inter - provincial trade barriers ..
i 'd be careful with that one jim .
there are lot 's of reason to be proud of family , community , nation .
just because the source is white.black , christian , muslim should make us assume that pride is associated only with that label .
appreciating your writing , i do n't think this is likely from you , but it happens .
but i think i know what you mean and i too hold nothing but contempt for people who assume superiority in the eyes of god , or nature , only because of skin color .
i would sell you faith but you niggas do nt believe
whatever tariff the us imposes will be reciprocated with a similar tariff on us imports to canada .
trump will thus destroy jobs on both sides of the border .
on the other hand , with fewer us imports canada will , on average , have better cars .
and that the jury that found him innocent of the murder of two white people was comprised of , 9 blacks , 1 hispanic and 2 whites .
clintons america indeed .
you will never convert these fuckwits .
abandoning them means nothing .
what we need to do is build a coaltion of support down south and force it on them .
they 'll go along .
this is the closest we 'll get to normies admitting to being blackpilled .
@hrajabjp terrorists are more better than thiefs and corrupt .
all muslims and christians are not terrorists / unfaithful and all hindus are not genuine/ faithful
my mom just dropped a bomb on me and i ca n't stop fucking shaking or thinking about it and i ca n't process it and please kill me
i had to be petty lmao ugly girl was going hard in the paint for her white trash sister in christ
all jeff sessions did was void an illegal obama era policy .
talk to donald trump and cooperate with him on getting these fake refugees back to their home countries .
there was one in the news recently who admitted he came from africa via brazil and passed through about ten perfectly safe countries in order to get to canada because it had better welfare benefits .
they 'll be stuck with the bill when it all comes due for that mountain of debt that 's been built up over the last 75 years .
i thought we all voted on woodchipper feet first for the cucks not cats leave the cats alone you want to kill something find a jew nigger muslim or wetback do something that benefits civilization
this ignorant nigger
niggas is pure suckas .. if you got a problem with ya mans address that shit , discuss it , & amp ; squash it ... only bitches hold grudges .
imagine if i 'd been born with a cunt .
i 'd be a woman .
as i said in my other post , this is just a filter to weed out white knights and otherwise beta men who will just waste her time .
said pussy so good ... ah pussy so sweeeettt url
keep the fucking mexican scum rapists and murderers out of the country and the fucking arab islamic terrorists out of the u.s. too ! !
no syrian refugees either ! !
build a wall and keep all of these fucking parasites out of the united states .
we 'll round up the ones here illegally and ship them the fuck out ! ! ! !
the soa needs stand up to these producers .
soa acts like these producers are the only buyers out   there .
i say let'em pull up stakes and leave .
we own the oil , it is our product .
exxon , conoco , etc ... are not the only game in this industry .
soa should offer up our fields to other countries for heavens sake , at rates and terms we determine .
not them .
soa keeps allowing these producers to bend it over the table and " take " it as opposed to soa calling the shots .
me at first : " what is this high school musical shit " me later on : " what is this gay high school musical shit its awesome " touching ;)
what is more important is what is the republican plan for america ?
lets see , you are building a 50 ft wall along the southern border , kicking hard working people out of the country as they might be terrorists , and will soon be proposing huge tax cuts for you and your buddies .
but you have never released your own tax returns which you promised you would .
why do you lie so much donald ?
and why have you gone back on your stand for single pay health care ?
this is one area where i actually agree with you .
shame you just turned out to be a liar and a blowhard .
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/05/05/trumps-forbidden-love-singe-payer-health-care/?utm_term=.6fa6f301e611
i live in a twin tower , 42 floor , interior access complex in waikiki .
one fire in 42 years ( cigarette butt tossed from a higher lanai , landed on a seat cushion on a lower lanai ) .
fire put out in 10 minutes .
no one hurt , just some smoke damage .
never mind ...... i'm screwed .
caldwell 's " just a few thousand estimate " is gon na be $ 50k+ per unit .
i do n't want a tax break or a low percentage loan , i just do n't want to have to pay for this .
i 'll take my chances here .
believe me , i 'm not alone in that sentiment .
do n't know if any of this is obsolete but it 's a start ...
rt @aayylmao : tryna do some real crazy shit tonight like drink water and sleep
@cslewisdaily i wish that quote was easy to accept for the depressed .
depression causes a chem imbalance in people to think the opposite .
maybe if elite gave us some dykes they would get a 4 th season
because i brought a black girl to christmas dinner .
as a date , not a gift .
if her pension offers any other benefits , health insurance and the such , she may want to factor that in to her decision .
i know that the company plan i am in offers out of country medical and catastrophic drug coverage .
typical washington com - post spew .
good grief ....
killary is such a bitch she should be behind bars
< user > coming from human stain that laughed at a child rape victim re victimized women that your husband raped and assaulted turned your back on a us ambassador military support as they were attacked killed sold us uranium rights to russia without congressional approval lame
plenty of right wingers in the us are hostile to western democracy .
they try to ensure that black americans can not vote , or put as many impediments as they can to ensure hispanics ca n't vote .
i 'm trying to relax after a long day by looking through @ladbible memes and people keep messaging me .
stop disturbing me & # 128580 ;
she fucks 5 people a day .
she 's a pro now .
< user > < user > gutsy now means staying with a rapist defending said rapist destroying women he raped and hanging on to said man to ride in on his coattails sad
ur mom gay
can we have a meme with   obongo as a muslim extremist ?
( and who the hell cleaned 221b and did not see that fucking note on the floor jesus )
i do not know what to make of the democratic party .
it elected a latino as dnc chair and appointed the loser , a muslim , to be deputy chair .
does this mean they are now focusing on making illegal immigrants , who mostly are latinos , and refugees , who mostly are muslim , the future mainstream of the democratic party ?
we could update the refugee law if a refugee kills someone then < number > people from that refugee country are deported each time it happens we double the number deported to that country
it 's okay , i have gay friends .
and those that continually absolve hillary of any wrongdoing will never admit that she lost the votes that counted .
the fact is both parties are corrupt to the very center , neither get a pass , and todays political structure is what handed trump the win , it would be funny if it were n't so damn serious .
i do n't dislike hillary any more than i distrust trump , i did n't support either , and have n't been shy of my dismal reflections of both parties , but some were willing to vote for the unknown , simply for a change ,   allowing saner voices to be shouted to the sidelines , unfortunately we all will face the gamble of a trump presidency , and may history forgive us .
and what - married couples have to prove they are   fertile and of child bearing age , and intend to procreate ,    before they pay the tax ?
if we do indeed have gaps in our employment , we have a whole work force sat on their backsides in prison , get them picking fruit and veg at least 25 hours a week , give them a work ethic .
we do not need unskilled criminal migrants over here , url
i 'm just not attracted to black or hispanic girls .
the donald will deport exterminate every cockroache
i do n't like donald trump and do n't trust him .
however , the protest here in my home state is necessary .
the anti - white sentiment has grown to such proportion that i no longer feel safe .
why should the rights of blacks and muslims outweigh those of white americans ?
i have never been racist and do n't intend to start now , but i am an 
   older lady , and when applying for public assistance for food because i ca n't work , the first question i was asked was if i was   african - american or latino .
when i asked if that mattered , i was told being white put me at the bottom of the list for aid .
why ?
if whites are so bad and america so bad , go home and be a starving african or really threatened muslim .
partly visible and partly invisible at all times , ples are based upon standard community organizing practices that even take into account the factor of opposition .
@abc @tulsigabbard @googletrends @tulsigabbard even if you are the front runner the dnc will just bernie you .
a white woman already lost to @realdonaldtrump cuz sexism , now they need a brownish woman to let the world know we are racist and sexist and you just are not dark enough for the race baiting # lefties gl
to this point : it is my feeling that folks would largely like to stay where they are , mostly , and it is violence & abuse of power which forces them to make impossible decisions , decisions most americans and probably all white americans literally can not fathom .
james damore answering ama now ( 2.20pm pt ) in /r / jamesdamore
@realsaavedra so a white supremacist kills 18 people and all you got is muh muh antifa .
you 're an insufferable little bitchass fascist who deserves the vandalism you 're about to get .
i feel sorry for your mother .
they should be installed .
those that fight the importance of sprinklers in high rises should be thrown in jail .
@noobbuddy the lgbtq+ community is full of pedos .
i 'm cis but at least 3 of my ftm friends like cavetown
i hope she recovers fully , but   . . .
send her the bill .
colin kaepernick signed a $ 114,000,000/ 6 year contract with the 49ers .
proof that blacks are not oppressed .
colin kaepernick should be ashamed of himself .
wrong message to send .
if you want to send a message tell all lazy whites , blacks , mexicans , asians who sit around and belly ache about being oppressed to get off their lazy butts and go to work .
do nt sit around crying about how the " man " is holding you back .
if you sit around and smoke weed and act like a moron towards police ... well .... you reap what you sow !
" they just love each other " 💘 url
try putting ten percent of your bet on the green and see what happens .
had we paid for , got signed contracts and a bond up front , this rail would have cost $ 4.2b.
yea , women are disgusting .
squadw brother .
here is the link to our youth corps page , just click on the words !
< user > blacks muzzys wetbacks first
i do n't think that police have a race - killing problem .
i think they 're fantastic troubleshooters .
it was so great meeting all you guys last night i ca n't believe how many of us managed to hook up ` ` nearly the entire crew '' see you all in a few days ...
black swan , 

 an exceptionally well articulated post .
a real contribution .
that beavis butthead phuck should be boycotted saw a posted clip where he was bitchin about the ban and appeasing muzzrats and their g d guy is a libtard pos
what a gross waste of taxpayer money ! !
it 's looneys at our muni who continue to fritter away our money and who will make life in anchorage that much harder for everyone .
my goodness ma did n't take long for you to slip back into hate mode .... try to stay on topic !
what is that in the background , a giant lawn chair ?
okay so if i go by that logic means you 're willing to give up that piece of land ...
you are so silly civil rights gay rights trans rights movements are all for equality they just have focused mras do not fight for women rights they fight for men which is fine and all < number > feminists agree that women should get drafted done and done
a spic or a chink
the amount of times i was told i was getting my ' mrs. degree ' at notre fucking dame really woke me up to the insane misogyny in the education system .
were the kardasians jenners raised to be coal burners or what i mean the mom married a crazy white man that thinks he s a lady you think she raised them not to like white guys
they said she dressed older than her age , wearing makeup and fashions more appropriate to a woman in her 20s .
she would hang out with teenage boys at a playground , some said .
i 'm at that point in my weight cut where the waist of all of my pants are loose ..... kinda cool , kinda annoying . & #
128580 ; # mission132
i was intentionally cherry picking .
replace him with some other example .
the point is that no political or religious ideology is to blame for this , or any other random act of violence .
to sit here and think " no wonder this person did this .
they are a [ insert label here ] " is participating in a bigoted narrow view of the world .
comments like that aim to demonize and dehumanize those that are different than us .
we do this and forget that someone can turn the same blind eye and assume the same about us .
that kind of thinking and talking only aims to increase the kind of absolutist extremism these sick murderers thrive on .
the world contains duplicity .
the most important thing we 've forgotten is that being good citizens means supporting each other despite our differences .
do n't assume that because someone is pro or anti something that it 's because they 're a bad person .
people almost always have beliefs with good intentions .
we get into trouble when we believe each other to be malicious .
oh we got somebody trying to defend the murderous negro community and the drug dealing hispanic community you are also defending those mongrels the islam they say white people are all racist and we can only be racist then their stereotype apply as well
if donald trump arms do ukrainians with javelin missiles surely vladimir putin will do the same with north korean and give them missiles s500 air systems are far more advanced than our planes are
just your daily reminder < user > they are not undocumented immigrants they are i l l e g a l
< user > might wanna add that anning is a literal nazi
fuck a fake ass bitch
if you did n't just get a # poopsnap from me .. 1 ) you 're welcome 2 ) you 're not even my real friend , the homies all with it # grouppoopfuheva
to those tonnage totals we can add , thanks to today 's news , the ton - and - a - half of depleted uranium 30 mm rounds that were fired from a-10s against syrian targets -- despite the usaf having previously vowed not to use depleted uranium rounds in its syria ops .
this nation that we love is being raped by a man who would be king the founders listed this as their very greatest fear a man out for himself who would use other foreign powers to help him stay in power here we ca nt let this happen on our watch
name one country iran has invaded in 100 years .
i 'll wait .
two hours ago i said pls stop with the hate posts here .
people died .
innocent people at the hands of a mass murderer .
but   some have not stopped .
so let me tell you 'll something .
years ago i watched a president ( who was no ' pick ' of mine ) speak the day of 9 - 11 .
the deep sorrow in his eyes , his words , his sadness for the victims broke my heart for him and them .
his sadness was deep .
and real .
today , i watched live as this president spoke .
the deep sorrow in his eyes , the sadness in his voice , his broken - hearted message for the victims   is heartfelt - and again my heart broke for the victims and for this president .
you people who hate - those whose vile hate is triggered by the mere word trump - understand i pity you .
i pity you as people & sad for those whose lives are impacted by your mere presence .
do not mistake my pity for feeling sorry .
i do not feel sorry for you .
i just hope you do not spill your absolute miserableness on too many others who are near you .
i find you deplorable .
feminism is n't the effect of society portraying men as predators , that 's literally all feminists spew on the internet .
not to mention , rape is taken hella seriously in the west .
you can get more time than murdering someone in some cases i believe .
best interracial dating sites eharmony review dating a trans woman scorpio and gemini compatibility chat rooms singles url
< user > < user > ain t us a racist white hillbilly i am good
flashback : mayor collects $ 2 m for election coffer --- http://archives.starbulletin.com/2008/03/24/news/story02.html
wednesday beatnik poetry i live in a criminal hideout i live it through and through making burritos with my hoes i am a wetback so no shoes
women , do you have any empathy for single guys ?
i bet he had shit on his dick from your dirty wh -- i -- te ass .
you disgusting piece of wh -- i -- te shit .
what was the appraised value of the building , why are they paying more , lets get down to the nitty gritty , they do n't want to travel to juneau ,   they have un - limited funds , but we voted twice to move the capital , they wo nt fund the move , but they will fund for a temporary housing ,   the people have all sorts of cuts to their funding of projects that the people need , but they need new offices , and we can go without ,   there should be a vote by the people , on wether " we " want this , not them , they are our representives ,   we are eating beans and weinys , there eating steaks w/ all the trimmings ! ! !
.@tarah @girlziplocked @hypatiadotca @justkelly_ok @ameliagreenhall when ur writing a book about wit , it is prob not a good idea to do this .
so , the libs were out by only 550 % .
that 's not bad .
!
thank u !
i m transmasc and generally present masc i maybe look a bit gay so i was wondering about how that would go .
i m sorry u were heckled but its good to hear things are better there now .
tysm my favorite lesbian :)
it occurred to me that joan rivers died two weeks after she made the obama is gay and michelle is a tranny comments i wonder 🤔
welcome illegals from latin - america , terrorist from middle - east and all criminals .
hawaii will protect , feed , clothe and pamper you .
send for all your friends and relatives .
everything here is free ! ! !
@cap_institute the bible does n't teach hatred and buffoonery .
send the whole group back to europe .
url
ever notice that the " mules " are predominately hispanic ?
oops !
can i say that now in our hyper - sensitive culture ?
or does my accurate observation mean i 'm a racist ?
yeaaah .. probably .
life , liberty , and the pursuit of standing in a circle with your favorite people laughing at your own idiocy & # 128525 ; .
' think of your creativity as a business you can built in different mixes ' - @ericawm_lola # intelligentcreativity # creativebusiness
why have women when you can rot your mouth
every barber shop has a slut that one nigga that goes to any barber to get his haircut and has no sense of barber loyalty it me i am the slut
i am ctfu every time someone quotes i do not mind by usher on the tl why do white girls kinda own tik tok
even africans ?
you clearly have never met someone from africa and are lieing out of your ass , most of them have a ‘ we did it why ca n’t you ’ ignorance towards african americans .
same as most international hispanic people .
just like every white person who has never gotten to know a single african american and judges them off of what the media puts in front of them .
you guys really enjoy making things up .
if some brown radiologist misreads one of latrina < number > crackbabie images everyone involved in the care could be sued by better call saul for the ghetto lottery even if everything they did was appropriate based off the brown rads mistake
the president has the power to pardon right the president should also have the power to nullify a retarded jury verdict and issue a directed verdict
wednesday beatnik poetry i live in a criminal hideout i live it through and through making burritos with my hoes i am a wetback so no shoes
< user > < number > muslim country they must take care
the only thing i wish for ... 
 is to earn enough money to buy a porsche gt3 rs  
  
 what are ur wishes except waking up as a chad ?
just go ahead and submit , sissy .
you 're going to love being addicted to white cock !
if the shooter is identified as ' black ' it 's definitely a false flag .
now that women in saudi arabia can drive they have a fighting chance to escape the isiamist captors who enslave them maga tcot pjnet
there are occasionally very good women leaders i will give you that however it the exception not the rule
i utterly want to vomit after watching this disgusting pro invasion of white countries ad .
if our ridiculous society would not make black people compete with whites asians and hispanics men like him would be the leaders of the black community
arpaio was n't targeting hispanics .. he was targeting illegal immigrants .
can you be a student and a hoe at the same time
i , a catholic and a jesuit , am grateful for this muslim holy season for challenging me to be a more dedicated child of god .
url
is n’t all hispanic people that wear adidas hat actually adios
was it really better for non - male - models 50 or 100 years ago ?
i first saw noah as our competent leader .
and i remember that changed when i realized he 's , contrary to his appearance , quite dark inside ...
< user > i ’ m in the ghetto rama da dan
@tomilahren if you like russia so much , no one is stopping you tomi just get the fuck out of the united states of america that my african ancestors built .
the whole culture excuse always makes me sick ... like do n't make a whole country look bad because of your bad personality .
there 's nothing racial about wanting to send someone who hates america back to their shithole country .
these are vile , despicable people .
tlaib says impeach the motherf*cker .
someone needs to teach that animal how to talk like a lady , let alone a congresswoman .
< user > but isn ’ t the driver literally a cuck he invested himself in raising a half nonwhite child that wasn ’ t his
i notified the editor on monday of a poster who had posted the same comment 35 times in two days , but they did n't do anything about it .
trump 's chief executive , stephen bannon is a racist .
bannon , the head of breitbart news is an extreme bigot who is has published anti - latino , anti - lgtqui , anti - black , and anti - semitic material for years .
in addition , he has attacked many white supporters .
anyone who promotes cultural or racial diversity .
even the former editor of breitbart news , ben shapiro , stated , bannon and has “ embraced the white supremacist alt - right alongside bannon ’s embrace of trump . ”
bannon openly supports the “ alt - right , ” racists , and white nationalists .
in addition , trump brought in nigel farage an extreme right - winger from britain .
farage is so extreme ; britain does n’t even want him back .
british leaders refer to farage ( ex - leader of the ukip ) and his followers as “ retro - nationalists , not patriots . ”
cottrell , farage 's office manager was arrested for fraud and money laundering at the rnc .
they are all cons .
why would any person of color vote for a white nationalist or anyone who supports them ?
8 years of obama whitey got the blame for all our problems , when whity is gone , who will the idiots blame !
a long time ago , scientists started to combine dog dna along with human dna .
the outcome turned out to be mexican girls .
yeah seriously what in the * fuck * is this ?
some weird incel shit ?
woah cake :( waht nosie do tutrle maek gook spic fucking faggot moron
who hurt you ?
lol .
it 's comical how stupid and angry you people are .
meh amurica .
my land .
mine .
bang bang guns .
no brown people .
wahh .
they were race traitors who got what was coming to them
i have no idea how anyone is seeing blue at all .
i see no blue .
@joaquincastrotx fucking beaner .
ehh when you got a sticky troll in your mentions who tried to spoil you on persona .
is this a new trend ?
what do you call illegal immigrants in america ?
mexian - americans
< user > for millions of americans including many black americans abortion is literally a holocaust of the unborn
those beings have no class .
those beings do n't know how to act in public .
stay in the ghetto
need to put on my germany jersey can not lose this to this wetback squad
i do n't think it 's the teacher this early on .
children entering 2nd grade should be reading at this level , and this is why pre - k is being forced on us ; by irresponsible parenting , for their child not being able to read .
skill at reading is essential to learning .
it is the key that opens the lock to a child 's mind .
trump is turning america the beautiful into america the booty ful in which he can just grab dozens of helpless women by the groin and get away with it taking the highest office thereafter while many americans defend this behaviour
what a tempest in a teapot .
since when do bank economists need to be spoon fed by the governor of the bank of canada ?
there are reams of statistics to be analyzed , tonnes of market trading data in full view of any person who cares to look at it .
remember the days of paul volcker , gerald bouey , and john crow ?
those guys certainly did n't hold the hands of timourous , bleating bank economists .
i did not see any reliable sources , that connect leon trotski and lenin to the freemasons .
the war is set they will never stop asians blax la raza arabs jews all have their own countries whites do not
< user > < user > nobody is going to hate you you are an awesome resistor
instead of working on my current book or the other i am completely writing for my friend < user > i came up with a new one so i found a way to make arthurian legend very gay also the once and future king is a queer lady cause i said so writing arthurian legend
islam muslim people news read words worldwide quran everything challenge that you fight for must know and think how to end it but mostly everyone enter for the challenging do not know and never want
no it does not you are again all about the blank slate races behave differently you sit there with stupid retarded platitudes while your race and culture are overrun and erased but it all good because you feel good about yourself enjoy your bliss
data collective and synbiobeta founder john cumbers launch a seed stage biotech funding https://t.co/uxfnxbmzs9
tell that to the blacks jews muzzeez and la raza who are trying to kill us tell it ti the asians who are proud to be asian
waking up the morning after an acid facial looking like tuna sashimi .
forgive my appearance today @tonguetweets
wrong spelling , wrong word , wrong case .
stick to pig latin .
feminism is n't the effect of society portraying men as predators , that 's literally all feminists spew on the internet .
not to mention , rape is taken hella seriously in the west .
you can get more time than murdering someone in some cases i believe .
that woman needs her ass beaten .
credibility suspect .
that 's being very kind .
the mayor is a liar , charlatan , snake oil salesman and has bilked billions out of the oahu taxpayer .
what was his campaign promise 2 years ago , " on time and on budget ? "
what a crock .
we should march on city hall with torches and demand his resignation .
then start to follow the money trail to where the first $ 5 billion went .
there my friend you will find the way to build the rail , as those firms should cough up all the stolen tax dollars they where funneled to complete the " fail " at least to middle street , where it should end .
it 's hard to get out of bed when you have to go do something you do n't want to do .
we are going to make america white again !
the war will be worth it to get rid of all the brown parasites .
quote : " pierre trudeau made multiculturalism a key plank in his plan to destroy english canada " .
you are right .
here in vancouver we have sikhs taxi drivers , philippino nannies , hispanic gardeners , ukrainian bakeries , chinese accountants , thai restaurants , mexican restaurants , not to mention the poles , the russians , the italians , the greeks , the vietnamese , the place is crawling with foreign students , there are even a few french people around .
the english are now hiding terrified in point grey , ca n't even find a decent place to go for tea .
your neighbour could be gay and you would not know about it .
terrible , absolutely terrible .
the four morons of the apocalypse
sheer dimwit egotism .
the consequences of actions are what matter , not flipping self - aggrandizing good intentions .
" ... have an urban slum filled with poor black and/or hispanic people . "
what about the poor whites living in vile , rotting trailer parks ?
they tend to vote republican .
get the fuck outta my country , assholes .
we do n't need your disgusting kind here .
< user > it ’ d be an awful shame if nazis showed up and made things worse 🤔
respect again to those traveling to ipswich today up the fucking blues # bcfc
that 's racist and stupid .
100 % of white men speak out against it .
not 100 % of muslims speak out against muslim terrorism .
there are billboards in palestine celebrating suicide bombers .
> a majority of pakistanis surveyed in a poll appeared to be aggrieved over the death of osama bin laden , with 51 per cent describing their emotions as ' grief '   i could go on be you get the point .
that 's one of the stupidest false equivalencies i 've seen in a long time .
you should consider reevaluating your entire belief system .
excuse me if i 'm underwhelmed with any assurances coming from sean o'malley .
after all these years of inaction and prevarication , o'malley has no credibility on the issue of child safety and sexual abuse by priests and bishops .
@rwpusa @realdonaldtrump bring it , rambo wannabe mediocre old white assholes .
are you autistic ?
they do n't kill people just to kill people they do it to solve something you fucking idiot
" ncr is not necessarily the most representative organ of catholic opinion ..... ! "
and i would venture that you are not , either , orientstar .
there are many sources one can use , if wanting to broaden a perspective , that all contribute to conclusions that are different than your own .
catholics across the board do not like the current language of the mass.   they want a change .
period .
and they do not want a return to latin .
a majority of church fathers went in to vatican ii not wanting or expecting change , and came out as wiser and convinced of the need to change .
the key to successfully integrating immigrants from non western nations is to break up ghettos into individuals and individuals into giblets
believe me , dear sir : there is not in the british empire a man who more cordially loves a union with great britain than i do .
but , by the god that made me , i will cease to exist before i yield to a connection on such terms as the british parliament propose ; and in this , i think i speak the sentiments of america .
—   thomas jefferson , november 29 , 1775 
 wiki leaks !
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_declaration_of_independence 

 common sense introduced no new ideas ?
need to send every one of them back and ban any third worlders from even entering our country .
why do n't white europeans and americans grow a set of balls , and deport these black and brown animals from their countries ?
i absolutely adore this art piece yet because of a few comments i saw here i feel the need to note that sexuality and not confirming gender roles / self - expression is not to be confused .
" the best taco bowls are made in trump tower .
i love hispanics ! "
en primer , lugar se roban nuestra tierra y ahora roban nuestro comidas .
dzulo this nigga opened my fridge and found tonic water in there and said muli ndi chomwela koma tea mulibe
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
send them all back over the border and if they do it again just take them out back and shoot em in the head .
we are spending way too much money on these illegal immigrants .
she sounds like an idiot .
the majority of crimes committed in the country are from blacks and hispanics .
black on black crime is the worst , yet the left and the media wo n't admit to that .
did your savior obama do anything about the killings in chicago ?
did he do anything for eight years about the poverty in the inner cities ?
no he did n't - because he did n't care .
when the left wo n't take responsibility for their actions , or lack of - they call everyone else racist .
every time i said i am fat asl ppl always looking at me like i am retard or something
satire ?
him ?
now that is funny .
whew , indeed !
so , pray tell , what do you think that corporate entities do ?
do you actually believe that oil corporations do n't cheat as much as they can get away with ?
it 's a corporate way of thinking .
maybe we can fight it with the same mentality .
nothing else has worked over the decades .
even if trump fails , we would have been doomed any way .
the cbr is down to $ 4.68 billion as of january 31 from $ 7.3 billion in in fy 2016 .
what happens in less than two years when the cbr is gone ?
http://treasury.dor.alaska.gov/investments/constitutional-budget-reserve.aspx
i kept posting jokes here but nobody could see them they were dark jokes
i learned a new ghetto word
i pulled something crunchy out of my dog 's mouth with my bare hands and upon further inspection , i discovered that it was a bird 's head & # 128579 ;
we should put your cast on a scale !
today all i did was sit on the front porch and sip cold non alcoholic beverages and watched < number > different tractors making trips up and down my street and zero niggers in donks blasting crap noise or beaners in pickup trucks blasting mariachi noises it great being white
@johnwren1950 how idiotic # turnbull .
does n't have a clue
the us currently [ does not have a federal law](url - out / can - you - be - fired - being - gay - answer - depends - largely - where - n962711 ) in effect that protects discrimination from your employer due to sexual orientation like it does for sex and race .
there are many trying to get that changed , but it is being challenged in courts but many still oppose it .
having companies outright declare their support for lgbt rights is still incredibly important , no matter how much they also stand to benefit from it .
" reality is that which , when you stop believing in it , does n't go away . "
the white man must learn to hate if we do not hate the forces that have destroyed our civilization we will die
a large part of trump 's campaign was racial animus .
this is something that you can not ignore .
he started his campaign suggesting that mexicans are rapists , suggested completely banning muslims from this country , and said more numerous things about immigrants and minorities .
trump came to prominence by questioning obama 's birth certificate and played the same game in the primaries against cruz and rubio .
that was a huge dog whistle .
trump created a really bad atmosphere where it was okay to blame people who do n't look like you or who do n't have the same religious background for your problems or who might be immigrants .
i 've heard/ read some scary stories of children bullying latino classmates and saying that they are going to be " deported " and the like .
suns up , suns down , no bad wolf , good day one day at a time .
at ice out we say " it 's almost winter " .
that is hope for my drainage .
no drug or liquor mules can make it in .
yankee trapper at the fork down river sends his dog up valley .
little sun stops for the note in her collar for me and my reply plus treats for her .
a date has been set for drug mule 's lesson .
what happens on the tundra stays under the tundra .
jay , how do you treat the mules that bring death to your cabin ?
poor mules .
no other way to make a living but to bring death to remote villages children .
are you a mule , jay ?
is that how you pay your bad wolf by being a " poor " mule ?
no disrespect intended .
hope springs from what is buried under the tundra .
poor mule .
so borrowing money you ca n't repay makes sense ?
so what if it 's in the constitution ?
there is no money .
i did n't go to school there but can i come too ?
trumpy 's pivot on african - americans and immigration is due to drop in the polls .
he is not sincere , he does not care about african americans , latinos , muslims and anyone else of color .
he is the consummate white bigot - his slogan is make american white again .
btw , he is also a tax cheat .
idk why we expect men to be able to recognize gender bias in the workplace when they benefit so thoroughly from it both at work and at home .
i know !
let 's give gold stars and pat them on the head if they make a token statement !
or not .
men are n't corgis .
unfortunately .
url
there are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc for a start teach our women to respect themselves .
julian page is back all his supporters are gone having to start over .. let 's give twitter a merry christmas big time please go to his page and support him .. julian is our hero ...
right ?
i 'm just so lucky to have my wonderful friends who are in my wedding party who are also queer , and i know that what matters most is that he knows and loves me as i am .
it 's just hard when other people act like this is gon na turn me into a straight woman lmao
exactly , let him be judged by a jury of his peers .
for some reason i think that " normal " citizens will agree that the charges against him are unfounded .
they probably have some muzzie doing that
i like my women like i like my cigars < number > years old and coming from cuba in a burlap sack .
mom , it 's applejuice .
madi .
applejuice does n't fucking fizz .
it 's carbonated apple juice .
israel home of the jewish people arabs jordan u may know that israel was promised to the jewish people well b4 ur saviour came or any arab knew where israel was clue it is in the chumash pots melamed and ps u can call me sir
illegal immigrants .
get these space ni\*ggers out of here .
deport all of them roaches and the diaper heads too .
< user > this should be fun post colonial immigrant european america receiving their own medicine
lead the way and turn off the lights .
i 'll fund the parade .
where are all the famous people i see on tv asking for monthly donations to stop animal abuse ?
am i to believe what you say ?
then show up ! ! !
if i was a radio dj in fort mcmurray i 'd dedicate the doors - light my fire to the people of fort mac .
that , or i need a forest fire by james blake
@nancypelosi twice - deported sex offender charged in ca home burglary , you like to protect illegals nancy shame on y … https://t.co/uiedluhf85
@demonica hellspawn so because they are not white , we should treat them like the dirty brown garbage you think they are ? ...
how do you sleep at night ?
do you live in mississippi ?
hey when you are feeling sad about yourself and your body and your self worth listening to yusuf islam cat stevens is a trip
kik me you dirty spic twisteddom43
there is always more to the story .
thank you for your report .
i think we shall put you on the rg payroll as a reporter now ..............
the one thing the enemy does n't want is a motivated and unifed white world wide network that is both rich in money and ideas .
< user > < number > muslim country they must take care
good morning to all the new gabbers except kikes liberals fags leftists communists boomers zionists israel firstitards antifags spics and niggers because
still early , but lamont wade , mark allen , deandre thompkins , kj hamler and josh mcphearson have been handling punt return practice .
she fucks 5 people a day .
she 's a pro now .
< number > from the immigration stuff today the changes would spare so called dreamers on a conference call with reporters a dhs official stressed that the directives would not affect obama era protections for illegal immigrants who came to the u.s .
as children and others given a reprieve in < number >
if you find that you do n't have the ability to separate the personal from the discussion of group dynamics , then you should refrain from discussing virtually all political topics .
subhuman bald cuban spic
how come nobody is talking about this in this sub ?
" f those ugly idiots " " i ca nt stand useless people like this .
we need to dispose of them " " stop crying " \-ljoseph54
where exactly are you taking me , doctor ? " "
to the morgue . "
" what ?
but i ’m not dead yet ! "
" and we ’re not there yet . "
the idiotic comments both here in the american press reveal a wanton disconnect with reality .
the " mexicans " , as trump puts it , take agricultural and other jobs americans wo n't .
the central valley in california , where many landowners supported trump , has just realized that if all the " illegals " are deported then their crops will rot in the fields and prices will skyrocket .
this american hopes that wiser voices will prevail in both canada and mexico .
trump needs to be pushed back and hard .
let him live , rant and make up incidents , but do not let this monster destroy our lives .
fuck a fake ass bitch
fuck you all hoes
it is perfectly legitimate and justified for the former first lady to call out people who use childish insults like " an ape in heels . "
our public discourse has become horribly uncivil , and both political parties are responsible for that .
but mrs. obama 's race has nothing to do with her unpopularity ( or that of her husband ) with some white voters .
if it were a question of race , mrs. clinton would be less unpopular ( instead of dramatically more so ) than mrs. obama .
the fact is , some of us view the obamas as part of a wealthy , privileged elite , who believe they know what is best for the rest of us and wish to run our lives for us .
we reject this , and we reject their politics .
i 'm optimistic .
this is n't the end game .
twitter 's announcement was a single step in a long path in mitigating abuse problems .
yall check out my music & # 128175 ; let me know if you fucking with it !
bigots should not have a place in our society , even under the guise of religion .
come on man mexico 's the most corrupted country you guys took all the guns from your citizens so that your government in the cartels can do whatever the f * * * you want and your people do n't have a way to fight back the only thing they can do is move illegally at that two other people 's countries because your country is such a f * * * * * * broken piece of s * * * you should be ashamed of yourselves how many of your own people you guys have murdered and slaughtered f * * * * * * pathetic
luckily , the board members can be replaced by the vote of the condo owners !
we have to be careful about voter suppression which was the aim of harper 's so called   fair election act and is the aim of the trump administration moves to register personal information   on every voter and their voting preferences .
california would be a better place without all the dirty mexicans
< user > < user > < user > no condoms can fail as well as the pill and sometimes people get raped abortions should be legal
diversity means getting shot by blacks raped by mexicans blown up by arabs and shitty customer service from indians
" we can tolerate more immigrants " fuck you joe
seriously mind blowing how many innocuous products contain milk and gluten&#128561;&#128561 ; — feeling a little frustrated
how are there still people in 2019 who think that you should harm or even kill homosexual / transexual or just people who are part of lgbt+ ? !
you 're fucking sick , get fucking therapy before writing hateful shit on the internet .
sure .
north slope borough , juneau , haines , ( anchorage ?
i think ) , and any other unified borough .
hi my name is chris i ' m 35 looking for white ladies to go on dates with that are devoted to one man .
the new $ < number > bill is going in the back of my wallet just thought of this
@sarahnfrancois not just the western world but the whole world .
and it was inclusive to all poc where all minority groups started having pride in who they are .
i m a fuck up pony stupid emo faggot
bet they were saying the same thing in 1817 , 1917 etc .
we 're still here !
best of : commenter in r / justiceporn discusses the problem with title ix ( 1700 upvotes )
it would be interesting to see how anyone on here using a fake name talks to people in real life , you included .
i have a pretty good idea myself .
" quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital " ; muslims are terrorists ; jews are cheap ; women are stupid ; blacks are criminals ; mexicans are druglords ; frat boys are rapists ; " quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital . "
i 'm not as articulate in my bigotry as potter , sorry .
< user > he better have cleaned himself up then dude been looking like white trailer trash dating a damn model smh
i am an australian model who wants to borrow your money .
the deeper issue is whether chrystia freeland is the right person for minister of foreign affairs .
ivanka 's sad story 

 first " they " took away the latinos .
and i was ok with that .
then " they " took away the " iner city blacks " .
and i was double ok with that .
then " they " took away the muslims , even the ones who served out armed forces .
and i was super ok with that .
but then " they " threatened people i sort of affiliate with .
and that kind of bothered me .
oh .
and by " they " i mean the hired goons what support my daddy .
in that magic hour , i seen good christians , make brash decisions .
oh she dooooo it .
what happened to religion ?
oh she loooooose it
it 's great that they 're going to put some focus back on technical skills .
i would n't have gotten where i am today with the skills learned in high school , the military and trades training a lcc .
i was n't ready for college right out of high school and many kids today are n't either .
many like me do n't go to college until after they 've established themselves first .
the technical education from the navy , and state journey licenses i obtained early in life have probably served me better than the college education i obtained later in life .
< user > here i think about how black women threatened to rescind support to black male victims of gun violence because they felt the support was not being reciprocated could someone argue that this is further evidence of an attempt to break free from being the savior
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
gross go back to chapo you fucking nig
islam muslim people news read words worldwide quran everything challenge that you fight for must know and think how to end it but mostly everyone enter for the challenging do not know and never want
nothing to see here folks , just stay seated and remain calm .... we are the gov .
and the msm , you can trust ussssssssss hisssss .
just a tiny observation but if the border was n't an issue , then why do most automated services require pressing 1 for english and 2 for spanish ? ? ? ? ? ?
why not hungarian or french or arabic or chinese , etc ...... just saying , a small observation , not racism just a little observation .
not a problem ordering a pizza but my local gov .
wtf ? ! ? ! ? !
interesting .
what is your definition of a " health issue " , btw ?
the addiction is the disease .
if you have n't experience in that field , it 's probably best to stop commenting at this point .
your knowledge regarding the issue is somewhat tenuous .
zuckerberg loves live streamed violence such as gang rapes the pitiful jew cunt but call a wetback a wetback and you get < number > days fucking psycho
i 'm nervous in a weird way , because these people are kind of like my extended family .
it 's not a hard talk to give to strangers .
so you are an illegal immigrant that got amnesty
i ca n't believe i have to say this , but people reading your emails is 100 % not the same has people seeing pictures of your naked body .
seen street niggas dick ride 🤢
@realdonaldtrump i do n't want to worry you but in this spanish tv show # equipotrump they say you 're a liar .
spanish fake news .
hugs and deficits .... because it 's 2017
and so we have a vagina grabbing sex predator as president rounding up thousands of latinos and maybe millions more as time goes by , along with constant talk of non - existent voter fraud , because trump is afraid , and he should be , afraid of the burgeoning and quickly growing latino vote .
in the meantime , the poor and huddled masses are trying to walk across miles and miles of wintry wilderness , to get to canada and away from the ethnic cleansing purge of latinos in america .
soon , the ovens ?
i love this this bit of your post " pick your moment .
do n't feel pressured , you can have a closeted life if you prefer . "
​ i think it is due to society being so pushy now with people coming out and being accepted ; however , i think that much of society , myself included , fail to see that coming out may actually have a drastic life - altering effect on the person which may result in a negative outlook .
interesting ... i think you misunderstand the position of feminists and leftists .
just speaking for myself , i stand with human rights .
the kingdom of saudi arabia is a mediaeval , regressive state that oppresses everyone who 's not a sunni male ( and undoubtedly many of them , too ) .
that does n't mean we in the west should regulate what moslem women wear here .
that 's actually pretty consistent .
fell outta love and found a boss bitch
wow video had a ton of insight i am surprised that a mexican can realize all the bull and bias against us whites
< user > but isn ’ t the driver literally a cuck he invested himself in raising a half nonwhite child that wasn ’ t his
again with the whining .
it 's always about him and the perceived american victimhood .
they signed a deal and continued to break its rules .
got called on it and continued to break them anyway .
now it 's all about the big bad mexico and canada out to get the poor white working class .
meanwhile it 's the republican party and ultra wealthy oligarch like trump that have been taking advantage of the resentment they themselves fostered .
trump is just pandering to racists , idiots and cowards .
this is all done by the will of allah
these hoes are not americans and they should be rounded up and executed with prejudice .
they do not belong here !
so you are an illegal immigrant that got amnesty
if pete gets elected i ’ m going to cut off my gay ear
i ca n't believe i have to say this , but people reading your emails is 100 % not the same has people seeing pictures of your naked body .
the worst part of losing net neutrality [ please pay $ 3.99 to access this content ]
if some brown radiologist misreads one of latrina < number > crackbabie images everyone involved in the care could be sued by better call saul for the ghetto lottery even if everything they did was appropriate based off the brown rads mistake
" fuck zionism .
fuck militarism .
fuck americanism .
fuck nationalism .
fuck religion . "
-propagandhi
anybody see the chad fucking the girl in public at the club 
 idk how to link it , but the vids on liveleak lol
life , liberty , and the pursuit of standing in a circle with your favorite people laughing at your own idiocy & # 128525 ; .
this faggot is under the influence of dick fuck this homo and his subversion tactics .
usa was founded for white christian people , if you 're not one or the other than leave .
i guess you will agree with trump after one of those refugees sets off a massive bomb in honolulu ... ala moana center , ward center , kahala mall , pearl vity dhopping center , uofh campus .
so , what you are foolishly saying is ... do n't install a stop sign at potentially deadly intersection until someone gets hit and dies !
right ?
man i 'm so fucked up this bouta be like my 6 or 7 time throwing up
tell that to the blacks jews muzzeez and la raza who are trying to kill us tell it ti the asians who are proud to be asian
your gon na get beat up by guys !
that s messed not even the sorenyos kids at my school hit girls unless its their whore !
@ilhanmn oh yeah ?
except for the jews , right ?
you 're garbage .
aoc is beyond retarded , i hope she never reproduces url
hey if they did nt want to be raped they should nt have had their parents bring them to the border to legally claim asylum .
rt @selfmadee_yg : @1stblocjeremiah wya bitch
killary is such a bitch she should be behind bars
what is green , red and goes round and round ?
frog in a blender .
mr. schandelmeier ... just a couple of clarifications for those interested in getting more involved .
you speak about the southcentral advisory board meeting in homer .
it is actually the southcentral subsistence regional advisory council , and the meeting is nov 6 - 7 .
meeting materials are available at https://www.doi.gov/subsistence/regions/sc_materials .
what concerns me about proposal wp 18 - 18 , as it does you , is the long season extension .
however the number of federally qualified subsistence users is more limited than state permits , generally .
the permits for both moose and caribou granted by the alaska board of game under the community hunt can really crowd and damage the field .
information on the bog 's next meeting , in dillingham in february , is at http://www.adfg.alaska.gov/index.cfm?adfg=gameboard.meetinginfo&date=02-16-2018&meeting=dillingham .
if you look at all the unit 13 community hunt proposals for that meeting , you will see the extent of the controversy .
barn full of white bitches
there is an easy solution , build them homes .... tiny homes , substandard homes , yurts ... living homeless is not acceptable .
events in the story above are just as unacceptable .
we have the resources to at least ensure all hawaiians are not " houseless " , but nothing is done .
strange world we live in .
you did what you could to find him and nobody can fault you for that .
my heart bleeds for you and your wife .
you have closure , but i 'm sure you would rather have your son .
i 'm praying for you and the family .
" to quote michael crichton ... "  

 i blew coffee through my nose on that one .
for more on the science of climate change maybe you can find the guy who wrote the star wars books or the jurassic park stuff .
after all nothing says science like a fiction novelist .
and i heard the guy who did the archie and jughead comics knows one heck of a lot of science stuff so there 's another great source for you .
every hour of my spring break has consisted of me asking myself what to eat next and now i 've run out of ideas
i 'm cis but at least 3 of my ftm friends like cavetown
if bitches jealous right now ?
oh y' all gone be sick once i 'm up .
ongod lol
< user > so whites hate whites more than blacks hate whites your train of thought kind of lost me there
our local moslimes are clustered to the south and south west serbia does not have colored immigrants moslem or not refugees who got here before surrounding countries have closed borders are located in special facilities and very few have managed to escape and live among general population
flynn is likely the most dangerous man in the trump administration .
he has close ties with russia , he believes islam is not a religion but rather an ideology ,   making no distinction between the vast numbers of peaceful muslims and the much smaller number of potential terrorists , he , along with his son , believes in some bizarre conspiracy theories and some of his former co - workers in intelligence agencies have expressed doubts about his stability .
yet trump obviously believes him more than others on security issues and he likely had a major role in trump 's ban fiasco by exaggerating immediate threats .
for america 's sake , he needs to be removed from his current role .
it outrageous twitter is always slapping my hand but i must ve hurt the feelings of ghetto trash lebron got suspended for telling the truth
" just because he comes out today and calls a spade , as spade , does not clear him of his past crimes . "
nobody is saying that he should be .
however , what he is saying now is important and especially so because it comes from the republican side .
in the end , it is only the republicans who can temper or dump trump .
women women women
this pos should be deported .
what an ass
insane clown posse - birthday bitch whoop mf whoop mmfwcl ¡ ;) — listening to birthday bitches
so you would refuse even other nordic whites fleeing the brown chaos in the south ?
i voted liberal , and do not regret not voting for harper .
it was time for him to move on , and the conservatives needed a time out from power .
nothing corrupts more than too many consecutive terms .
but i wo n't be voting for trudeau and the liberals again .
rt @exlibris : i have an embarrassment of bitches
pompous old elder 's wives will sitting there smugly thinking how great they are because they have nothing to do with sex !
i guess con season just started and like every year , i 'm not going to any .
when is that gon na change ? ? & #
128554 ;
my grammar nazi mate has recently become a born again christian now all he talks about is jesus and his twelve apostrophes
actually , in oregon , the percentage of hispanic felons pretty much matches their demographics in the census .
11.7 %   of the population and 8.3 % of the felons .
it is possible that some of those hispanics are no longer in the pen because they were sent back to their country of origin , of course .
now , the blacks are 7.7 % of the felons and only 2.1 % of the oregon population .
blacks are three times more likely to be convicted of felonies than their numbers alone would justify .
@b77_sarah @mark_selby723 so the american taxpayer and/or other american citizen patients of that hospital will pay the medical bills for a criminal , . .
with no respect for american sovereignty or rule - of - law .
anyone falling off our american border wall should be drug back on mexico 's side . .
url
they should put that b@st@rd in jail and cut of his " penis " and stick it in his nasty mouth ! ! ! !
this is 3x 's worst than what they accused bill cosby of .
this world is sooooo " freaking " racist ! !
hanging out with guys does not make you a hoe
when you see a social media podcast or video you enjoy , please take the time to go there , up - vote their videos , and subscribe to their channels ... 
 because it helps the content become more visible , it spreads the message wider , and the content creators become more successful and will create more content .
well , quit fucking her and we can be done with it
bad lil bitch good brain go to college
< user > dumbass bitch accurate
denver has a black problem a muzzee prob and a wetback prob
you might just be more surprised by the holy spirit than any of us .
:-)
bullock : sure , i might nuke somebody
the gop ?
white people wo n't do hard work ?
fear and lies ?
it appears that you do n't have a clue of what drives the forces around you .
the gop are not trying to import mexican 's , they are trying to stem " illegal immigration " from all nations .
pretty much no one wants to pick crops in this country aside from immigrants , legal otherwise .
skin color is not a dominating factor .
entitlements are .
what idiot would go pick crops when ( s)he could sit at home on welfare / disability / ssi ?
fear and/or lies are not a driving factor behind the success of trump .
that 's is a misleading talking point from progressives .
it is intended to cloak the reality of the situation .
that being , we are sick and tired of all the crap coming down from washington , be it from democrats or republicans .
< user > i will have my friend post lol the thought is there was no impeachment while he muslim banned locked up children still is separates families made fun of you name it enticed riots murders hid them jamal khashoggi and now he went after a rich white mans son truth 😔
tired of fuckin w these lame niggas baby i just need a thug
my sky sports news ai n't working so i 've got ta listen to that fucking clown saunders & # 128584;&#128584;&#128534 ;
they are terrorists , and should be arrested
< user > slurs would be wetback or beaner not illegal alien 🙄
none of these criminals who have broken the law are in jail .
they are simply detained until we can ship them back to whatever shit hole is next door to whatever shit hole they came from .
well i hope you did n't hurt his feelings .
that 's what a rational person does : defend the constitution .
chomsky is a true patriot .
liberal commentators have attempted to tarnish donald trump ’s astonishing victory by blaming racism for his triumph .
but the simple arithmetic of gop success proves that racism had little to do with it .
in 2016 , mr. trump got fewer white votes than any of the three prior gop nominees , romney , mccain or george w. bush , at the same time that he got a higher percentage of the black and latino vote than romney or mccain .
where , then , is the evidence that he relied on racial bigotry ?
- from an article by michael medved
got ta keep some beaners in texas texmex is not shit like mexican is
if they 're not related , they 're not all slavs .
how many in percentage form jews niggers mexicans muzzies or dot heads vote for less government intrusion and less government services
garbage dumpster fire mumble rapping shit stain in the underwear of life waste of space faggot crap !
this is false and spam .
flagged .
a beaner who tried snitching on atomwaffen and got doxxed
taking drugs ease the pain so wen i think about shit i do n't go insane
rt @xpoppinwheelies : & # 8220;@1stblocjeremiah : all y' all bitches corny lol&#8221;rt
doctors may soon refuse to see patients with gonorrhea because they are n't paid enough and the super bug will eat into their profits
whio wants to be my slave dm me slave gay sexting incest horny femboy trap
bet they were saying the same thing in 1817 , 1917 etc .
we 're still here !
hey guys / gals i have something in mind to raise the profile of the jq , please like and repost my few posts tagged " # tgsnt " ( use the search bar ) 
 many thanks !
all you bitches can suck my dick fr .
no funny
are n't you one of the people who ways say deport them when someone has a hispanic last name ?
this guy is n't from mexico is he ?
so i guess only people from mexico get the hate .
kinda like how the nazis singled out the jewish people .
trump and his cronies single out mexicans .
i bet people like you are so proud of yourself .
trump is the absolute worst thing to ever happen to this cpuntry .
not just because some of us are still beautiful but because white europeans have provided the world with < number > of all scientific technological industrial inventions that is phenomenal folks time we owned it let it be known our creative past potential is unmatched by any other culture
those stupid liberals are just awful ! ! !
i mean , how can they think that its fair to infringe on our rights to shoot the gay and latino and black people , and keep the women in the kitchen !
i mean , is n't it just an outrage to assume that these people have civil rights ? ? ?
all brown and black countries are riddled with crime , poverty , and pollution due to the homogenous population 's intellectual hindrance .
facts are racist .
where where are all the whites and asians doing the car jackings home invasions muggings and random shootings this is why nobody trusts negros and nobody wants them around asians and mexicans hate blacks more than whites do
i think we should start calling racist white people niggers random
on god ... sometimes ion know why i fw this nigga after dealing with a real freak hoe
i notice some muslims , hispanics , and blacks are claiming the the media , trump , and police are slow to call this terrorism , because the shooter is white , and likes guns and country music .
on the other hand some white nationalists are calling this antifa because it targeted at country music lovers .
the divide in the country again .
says the mamzer spic midget with the david hogg physique who cries about lifting weights
" " " wheres the fucking bloow noow ! " " & #
128128;&#128514;&#128514;&#128514 ; i 'm too weak "
you are projecting your own insecurities and ignorance .
you 've got the arabs and blacks taking white woman sex slaves off the beta whites who are forced to settle for backup asian women from the third world .
but do n't project that primitive monkey anglo society getting cucked(and encouraged by your own liberal media & society ) by hispanic arab and black behavior unto intellectual and family oriented races like asians , jews etc
about to ship functionality marking verified and plus users , if you want to be verified please message me here with your pewtube channel username , thank you !
here 's another : 

 http://usherald.com/breaking-two-liberals-busted-hoax-trump-swastika-graffiti-church-mainstream-media-silent/ 

 even before the election hundreds of hate crime hoaxes have been exposed : 

 http://www.fakehatecrimes.org 

 an epidemic of lies , but for some reason it 's the trump voters who are maligned .
because of society told us years ago that smoking cigarettes increased brain function and was marketed toward everyone especially housewives , whereas weed was illegalised so america could incriminate mexicans for bringing cannabis into the states and the rest of the world followed suit because " big bad latinos with dime bags " are scarey , fucking racist cunts fucking retarded world
she do n't get emojis until after i bag , emojis are pussy shit
well , obviously , sr .
campbell is not one of the nasty women .
i disagree with some of her positions but she 's not --- i certainly don;t think --- a " nasty woman . "
how to stop screwing yourself over ladies - stop trying to be " strong , independent , stunning and brave " instead be " feminine , attractive , motherly and kind " .
find a strong man , marry him , let him run the show .
you raise the kids and make the house .
die happy .
sometimes i wonder if it is because whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently .
now that them white people out my life my post finna get real real niggerish
* you know they were drinking each others loads in those mugs !
so gay . *
actually it represents white men and married white women .
clinton supporters represent unmarried white women , blacks , latinos and gays .
look up the statistics before spouting off you 're leftist rhetoric .
you can have a physical or sexual attraction for men without being fully gay .
sexuality is a huge spectrum .
me and my husband are both bi , but we have children and a very conventional looking life and relationship .
life is n't black and white , and you do n't need to be so worried and consumed with the grey areas .
just work on being the best you possible and accepting yourself for who you are .
i 'm in a canadian city of about 30,000 .
@charliekirk11 this is what happens when post modernism and political correctness run rampant .
biological facts take second place to sexually confused individuals .
sometimes i fancy analogy a bit too much as long as a single muzzie wetback nigger or kike is in the us as long as a single white family is suffering in the us we have no business spending our precious resources < number > miles from home
< user > you all were mocking south east asians amp east asians esp chinese for eating insects now look at you all 🤭
there 's no reason to drive cars with engines larger than 7 liters either ...
bitch shut up damn it im tired of you im tired of you crying over somebody that is not gonna make you a fucking face , learn that shit on youtube baby cause its not even hard then you wanna sot yo big gorilla lookin ass complaining and shit and then stealin somebody elses shit
deport them together immediately , problem solved
and those that continually absolve hillary of any wrongdoing will never admit that she lost the votes that counted .
the fact is both parties are corrupt to the very center , neither get a pass , and todays political structure is what handed trump the win , it would be funny if it were n't so damn serious .
i do n't dislike hillary any more than i distrust trump , i did n't support either , and have n't been shy of my dismal reflections of both parties , but some were willing to vote for the unknown , simply for a change ,   allowing saner voices to be shouted to the sidelines , unfortunately we all will face the gamble of a trump presidency , and may history forgive us .
i disagree you can never justify race mixing some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future .
if her cashapp in her bio ... throw the whole hoe away
< user > muslim twitter what is the hudud for stealing tweets
wrong .
it is a government facilitated invasion .
it is occurring all across western civilization .
the terms " immigrants , refugees , asylum seekers " have all been bastardized & weaponized to invade the mesmerized & hypnotized european white nations .
url
them asian girls that be acting black wit the acrylics the baby hairs laid irk me more than white bitches wit box braids 😂 😂 😂
" same god that turned water into wine can turn your nigga into mine " 😂 😂 🤣 🤣
please kill them and get them out of the gene pool so the human race could get a little better
get a clue , mexican and islam are not races .
bessie mae whyman the orange county grand jury indicted anthony darnell wade , 26 , of los angeles last year of several felony counts .
i 'm bi and my preferences change w time 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️   weirded me out at first bc i was 100 % sure i was gay but then it turned out i liked guys too   and then maybe i 'll decide i like girls better for a while
i find myself watching pope francis and wondering if   there is going to be anything more to his papacy or , in the alternative , it will be remembered for his inspiring words and gestures , and a few structural changes , but nothing radical in the sense of getting at the roots of the malaise that afflicts both church and world .
there is so much to admire in the man , it seems almost petty to dismiss his tenure as so many bold words without enough bold gestures .
perhaps it 's wrong to expect great things of popes these days .
perhaps my expectations of greatness are n't his .
but i have this feeling we 've been blessed with a holy chaplain or spiritual director , when what we really need is a reformer .
i do n't know how much longer the church can survive in a world of nones without someone to inject   fresh blood -- not just plasma , but new whole blood -- into its veins .
pompous old elder 's wives will sitting there smugly thinking how great they are because they have nothing to do with sex !
go shoot up a school 💪
“ the thrust of obama ’s speech condemned america as an unimaginative , prejudiced , unambitious country whose only hope lies in liberals who selflessly dedicate their lives to leading it out of the darkness . ”
how many in percentage form jews niggers mexicans muzzies or dot heads vote for less government intrusion and less government services
domestic violence is domestic violence regardless of the sex involved johnny depp
i am not an active hiker ( knees ) , first responder , hospital er nurse , equestrian , mountain biker , off - roader , etc .
however , i have actively supported those efforts since my arrival here in 2005 .
all of those people work together to share the recreational environment and have been negatively affected by the lawsuit .
i do not support the few hikers who feel that taking $ 100,000 from first responders and hospital ers ( who care for the safety of area recreationists ) is justified by their personal opinion of how the land should be managed .
do not vote for any candidate with a jew spic sand nigger or gook last name or one who is a nigger period
mr trudeau - tailor made for the rolling stone : 
 - 
 from macleans : 
 - 
 " justin trudeau ’s recent musings of admiration for china ’s dictatorship were seized upon by critics as evidence that the liberal leader may not be especially gifted in certain areas , such as mental thinking .
- 
 for instance , the headline on andrew coyne ’s column in the national post suggested that trudeau ’s utterance revealed the “ gulf between his intellectual reach and grasp”—which is one of the more elegant phrases i ’ve seen used to describe someone as dumb .
the truth is that trudeau ’s intelligence has long been a topic of discreet discussion among political and media types in ottawa .
typically , the conversation goes something like this : 
 - 
 — he does n’t seem super smart to me .
— i agree .
[ long pause . ]
— let ’s talk about something else now , i guess . "
- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 rolling stone editors to their staff : 
 " what has he done ? "
- 
 staff : 
 " raised taxes and legalized weed " 
 - 
 rolling stone editors : 
 " lets run with the weed angle "
60 % of poor people are white , yet you say that planned parenthood clinics " are " conveniently " and " coincidentally " located near low income black and latino neighborhoods . "
i would imagine that 60 % of those clinics would be located near low income white neighborhoods .
you do n't acknowledge any of this .
innuendo seems to be one of your trollish tricks , along with sucker - baiting and switching sides when you feel like it .
your false implication that pp clinics are exclusively black and hispanic ( come on , you only mention black and hispanic ) is innuendo , implying only black and hispanic women get abortions , get them at pp , or that pp only serves black and hispanic women .
that is n't true , it is false , it is innuendo intended to slur black and hispanic women , and it is slimy .
you seem to think that repeating your falsehood endlessly will make it true .
it will not .
i was kidding .
i know you 're puerto rican , not mexican .
and i think that 's pretty sexy .
by the number of beaners in the background i suggest not eating the food there love the shirt tho
my daughter said , ' mom , i hate mexicans ! '
i told her you ca n't judge all mexicans because of one but , you can say they are all short .
this game full of fake niggas dick riders clout chasers niggas gon ride yo wave till it no more beneficial for them
just a greedy kid .
reaching out for 2 toys and inadvertently fucking them both up & # 128561 ;
keep mexico a shithole ! !
we need a minefield at the southern border ! !
starbucks everybody remember that in muslim countries they do not allow women kindly ask them to wait in the car and send a man
2/2 or they get eradicated by conservative counties that push them to the atlantic or pacific ocean .
and that the jury that found him innocent of the murder of two white people was comprised of , 9 blacks , 1 hispanic and 2 whites .
clintons america indeed .
topple , i guess you want to be in charge of who gets restricted .
that puts you and hitler in the same boat .
stand up americans do n't want you or hitler doing the restricting .
we prefer our freedom to protect ourselves and our families and fellow citizens .
i think jed joined the amish after shit went down .
would explain the beard .
wtf am i watching bgc i hat watching these ugly ass ghetto hoes put there family name to shame
< user > hey there imgs with white backgrounds can be pretty confusing to distinguish maybe it an edge case but it took me quite some time to figure out that i need to click on the very edges of the post to see replies suggestion
thus whites have to wait until they become a minority in their own country and then they can have their pride too .
just another case of white stupidity that will eventually lead to white race suicide white people are just fucking stupid to seek their own demise lol
< user > < user > “ pushed ” lmao she fell fucking forward get this retard shit outta here
my immigrant parents did not raise me to spend money on some flimsy lil trash can liners 🙄
perhaps bho and clinton made the declarations because the tribes did not want them to become wastelands , perhaps ?
( and yes , perhaps a bit of hyperbole using " wasteland " since i would hope it is an exaggeration and wo n't get that bad . )
you lost me .
on the " question . "
paragraph part .
i did n't have time or want to waste effort explaining the whole constitutional republic vs. democracy thing in that reply .
i understand what your talking about .
a reboot on the whole constitution thing would be the change i was talking about .
i would be in favor of have less federal power and way more to the cities and states .
i think people would pay more attention and be more involved as they would be way closer to the people making decisions that affect them .
i love how , for the last 6 months in portland , berkeley , seattle , birmingham , boston and others , antifa shows up armed to the teeth with their faces covered and not a peep out of you people .
finally the other side shows up ready to meet violence with violence and you 're fainting in your pew .
how is it male bashing to suggest that men are equally able , in a relationship , to be the one who is spendthrift ?
i ca n't feel my fucking hands .
got my out here loading mulch in the cold .
< user > its been long known she is a saudi intel asset tied to the muslim brotherhood
and you do n't like anyone exercising their own constitutional rights by disagreeing with you and kaepernick .
we have the right to disagree with him just as he has the right to disagree with honoring the flag 's culture .
those are our rights , not just his .
fell outta love and found a boss bitch
op is literally the reason this comment was made !
if people can get away with people for them being genetically " lesser " what does that mean for literally any minority ? "
gay people are a burden on society 'cause they do n't reproduce " * so let 's kill them ! *
i understand this logic but i do n't think any of you hear how horrible it sounds .
if you know that your kid is going to have problems at birth and you decide to abort that 's on you , but this is literally fucking genocide .
this hot puta with mouth watering jugs bobs back and forth on dicks , choking and gag each one on the way # latinaabuse # facefucking url
damn these hoes don ’ t appreciate shit a good man does for em
that 's why i hate working on school days ... be fucking up my schedule
" fuck black people and fuck uneducated retards "
< user > the gag is they been gay
one of the better ones .
especially amongst the other lgbt subreddits
it 's pretty freaking racist bigot of you to insinuate that hispanics are only good to work in a drive throughs or as house keepers ........... you can tell that you are far left of sane .
it may have had something to do with me still working on it , so i entered your vote through the moderator 's edit option .
< user > like i have been saying for awhile now that soon the left ideology will lock horns with the islamic one total shit show
paige is done as a wrestler # wwe her neck injury is like when edge had to quit .
it is public officials , aka , pubic servants , job to uphold their end of all laws , state and federal , if the states receive federal monies .
this is not " trump 's dirty work . "
our president trumps job is working for all americans .
illegal aliens are not american in any sense of the word and never will be as long as they remain illegal aliens here .
deport them .
ps " latinos " as you wrote are not all deportable illegal aliens .
to imply so is -- deplorable .
i hope they have the same shit skins build us a space ship funny enough if you look at the spacex falcon heavy launch video they are all white or asian engineers male
wrong spelling , wrong word , wrong case .
stick to pig latin .
there 's a fog advisory in effect and visibility is very limited in some areas .
drive with caution . #
ymm # abroads
+ female russia dirty filthy disease carrying mexicans
do not get me wrong i like alt right podcasts and content creators but whites need lobby groups economic cooperatives and white focused orgs of all kinds to regain control of their own nations not just more content i just wish i knew where to begin helping create these
shock and awe .
raise your hand if this news is surprising to you .
53 % of young whites say he is legitimate these are true american citizens less percentage in blacks the latinos most all are non citizens here illegally so the majority of young support trump as a legitimate president .
i 'm actually a big fan of subway but i always laugh when i read this .
i know the new dark mode helps w reading on your iphone at night but if that is not enough just go to your settings search reduce white point higher that to like < percent > it truly chefs kiss
judge and whose idea was it to take < number > shots at < time > on a tuesday me mine your honor judge so are you me yes your honor i am indeed a very dumb bitch you caught me
you will never convert these fuckwits .
abandoning them means nothing .
what we need to do is build a coaltion of support down south and force it on them .
they 'll go along .
i was kidding .
i know you 're puerto rican , not mexican .
and i think that 's pretty sexy .
pretty sure you are unfamiliar what a dusty finish is .
one would still lead to a winner and a loser ...
sung to the tune of the communist globalist hippy anthem imagine you may say that i am a beaner but i am not the only juan i hope someday you will join us and the world will be as juan
if he had won , lebensraum would have looked exactly like american manifest destiny , and his crimes against the jewish people would have been swept under the rug just as quickly as our crimes against the native americans .
he probably would have gotten his face on the 20 reichsmark note , just like our own bigoted , racist , hate filled asshole leader , [ andrew jackson.](url
" be a light , live for jesus & amp ; pray for those off track !
prov 24:1 " " do not be envious of immoral people , nor desire to be with them " " "
suns up , suns down , no bad wolf , good day one day at a time .
at ice out we say " it 's almost winter " .
that is hope for my drainage .
no drug or liquor mules can make it in .
yankee trapper at the fork down river sends his dog up valley .
little sun stops for the note in her collar for me and my reply plus treats for her .
a date has been set for drug mule 's lesson .
what happens on the tundra stays under the tundra .
jay , how do you treat the mules that bring death to your cabin ?
poor mules .
no other way to make a living but to bring death to remote villages children .
are you a mule , jay ?
is that how you pay your bad wolf by being a " poor " mule ?
no disrespect intended .
hope springs from what is buried under the tundra .
poor mule .
it should be matter of fact but it is n't .
how many trans people have been in any big hollywood blockbuster ever ?
none .
if this is true it 's a first it 's breaking a perceived barrier and that should be celebrated .
here comes silverstein to white knight for faggotry while taking potshots at < user > ‍ you are a pathetic faggot consider an hero
whitey prevails for a change miss south africa beats out a nig two spics and a gook to win miss u
what the actual fuck is wrong with you bimbos ?
get a grip on your lives and stop getting fucking animals .
trashhhhhhhh .
if its such a big deal that you need to talk about it , yes .
you are a non - white .
you might as well be fully mongol .
there 's nothing racial about wanting to send someone who hates america back to their shithole country .
these are vile , despicable people .
tlaib says impeach the motherf*cker .
someone needs to teach that animal how to talk like a lady , let alone a congresswoman .
this use to belong to wethepeople now it belongs to the < number > undocumented illegal immigrants and their families soon they will tell us we are the invaders maga buildthewall now trumprealnews releasethememo wethepeople thestormishere
< user > i really really fucking hate you
i swear some guys are good for nothing ... i do nt know how some women put up with their pussy ass boyfriends , who do nt support , help , or motivate them .
if the israhellies can shoot pallis attacking the border why can we not machine gun the beaners at our border why the double standard el presidente
talk to donald trump and cooperate with him on getting these fake refugees back to their home countries .
there was one in the news recently who admitted he came from africa via brazil and passed through about ten perfectly safe countries in order to get to canada because it had better welfare benefits .
< user > half the girls i develop a crush on are lesbians seems like
" the best taco bowls are made in trump tower .
i love hispanics ! "
en primer , lugar se roban nuestra tierra y ahora roban nuestro comidas .
i want to take a nipple polishing class from edith bunker
i love when white boys wear those tight ass shorts 😗
latinos are utter losers -
" just because he comes out today and calls a spade , as spade , does not clear him of his past crimes . "
nobody is saying that he should be .
however , what he is saying now is important and especially so because it comes from the republican side .
in the end , it is only the republicans who can temper or dump trump .
“ i do n’t know where i am going , but i am on my way . ”
― voltaire
@cheyenemlopez who the hell said she was born here you 're an idiot try to keep up there cupcake .
what a moron
go back to breitbart you sound like a retarded boomer
!
thank u !
i m transmasc and generally present masc i maybe look a bit gay so i was wondering about how that would go .
i m sorry u were heckled but its good to hear things are better there now .
tysm my favorite lesbian :)
with his criminal record starting to ramp up this guy 's face will be on the front pages again .
hopefully he will be put in prison before he kills someone ...............
airpods are cool and all until you lose those hoes every < number > min
she has some really nice legs .
this chick needs to get boned so i can finally see her in its prime
ughhhhh gross ! ! !
i 'm so sorry she said that .
i 'm a bi lady , have been out for like 10 years , and i do a lot of activist / charity work for the lgbtq community .
any time i make the mistake of mentioning it to my mom , she implies that i 'm secretly a trans man , and hiding it from her .
they just have to pretend that they can " see right through you " and know you better than you know yourself , even though they barely know you at all
white man kills three latinos 

 killer described as nonchalant , or showing no concern .
trump nonchalant too ,   shows no concern , keeps silent .
that silence speaks volumes .
you need to cum visit us on the island and spitroast my wife with me .
i want to watch you stretch out her pussy while she is sucking my cock .
phobia is not just fear it irrational fear even if there are people who actually fear islam their fear is fully rational and justified thing is people find islam repulsive vile violent and foul no feeling of fear involved
@theronuchiha bruh , we eat fucking freezes and ice pops from the corner store
i look at this i think differently .
every year it seems every team scrambles to find " the next ... kobe , lebron , jordan " or be " the next .... " when stef currie blew up it was n't because he was the next lebron or kobe it was because he changed the dynamic of this .
he was small , fast and he was different .
gs built a different team with a different style of play .
it was counter to the way the spurs , heat , etc ... of the time .
what can denver build from what they have , like gs did ?
the nba drafts 19 year olds then bails on them because they do n't play like 28 year old veterans .
game innovation vs player duplication .
yes it rhymes , it was an accident and corny .
does anyone get the feeling that nick the spic fuentes is like trying to court < number > something internet savvy boomer conservatives as if they were a thing
would you buy a plane from a manufacturer that is broke ?
despite sanchez 's performance , i would be reluctant to deal him at the deadline if the jays go the sell route , or mostly sell .
they could move donaldson , happ , liriano , maybe loup , and a few of the old guys if there any buyers for bautista or tulo .
i would keep sanchez , stroman , and osuna unless they get a fantastic offer .
gary , it 's human nature to want to feel good about ourselves .
if someone does n't have self - esteem , the only way to feel better is to put someone else down .
indians , blacks , chinese , jews , mexicans .
poor people , women , diff - abled .
there will always be groups of people whose only sense of self - worth will come from targeting someone they feel is lesser - than .
you do n't like spicy food ? ! ?
what about all your spicy jamaican / puerto rican blood ?
it 's in your genes !
canada has a strong role in the russian - ukrainian conflict .
the previous canadian government positioned canadian military advisors there , in a conflict zone .
that puts it near the top of the agenda for whomever is our minister of foreign relations .
minister freeland is continuing the specific canadian foreign policy on ukraine of the previous government , a policy that was , and continues , to receive the full support of all three major federal parties .
she 's is doing exactly what the canadian supporters of all three major federal political parties want , which would put her support base for this policy at about 91 % of the electorate , as per the last election vote distribution .
the natives on this continent had slavery .
there was slavery in africa .
the arabs brought ethiopian slaves to india centuries ago , etc . ,
etc .
ridiculous post .
this waffin ss ghetto punk would have been worse
dm me to see my cock # hard # cock # cumtribute # horny
i have no hope left for america .
i have witnessed the ' scorched earth ' strategy of trump and republicans to feed their endless neediness for power and might and the rest be damned .
i have watched as woman have been continuously humiliated and now will be robbed of their birth right to govern their own bodies .
i have been dismayed and sickened to witness the un - christian turning their backs on desperate refugees and mexicans .
i have been disgusted to see how trump has used his candidacy to enrich himself at all cost .
my patriotism has withered as i saw the head of the fbi put his personal career ahead of this nation 's best interest and rules of governance .
it is time to secede .
leave the red states to close themselves off from the world , protected from immigrants , gays and lesbians and liberals , but no rule of law .
i am happy and proud to be a part of a new nation that holds dear freedom , liberty .
sound governance and democratic principles .
if you did n't just get a # poopsnap from me .. 1 ) you 're welcome 2 ) you 're not even my real friend , the homies all with it # grouppoopfuheva
# mondaymotivaton # blog : diversity initiatives must do more to include people with disabilities .
conversations about # diversity & # inclusion often focus on gender , race and sexuality and too often neglect # disability .
so what steps can workplaces take ?
➡ ️url url
it is amazing to watch the newscasters report on all these cases , yet never make a connection .
what 's the worst way for a doctor to break the news to someone that they have cancer ?
like this : doctor : knock knock patient : who 's there ?
doctor : not your white blood cells , that 's for sure !
really , that s good to know !
always thought it was taxed .
why should homosexual black women deal with pesky male oriented measurements while working on their civil engineering projects what a few centimeters at the end of the day white people can deal with losing a few centimeters because black people dealt with losing everything during slavery
if we 're going back in time anyway , let 's just split america , let trump be the confederate president , and then we 'll take @hillaryclinton
anti trump protesters set us flag alight during portland march so disgusting men and women risk there lifes fighting under this flag every day go fucking move to mexico or north korea if you do not like democracy or go to germany and get raped and then realise how fortunate you are
# bbcan5 why is neda so pissed someone just credited cass ' game ?
this is not the neda show like she 's trying to make it ! !
@ggiittiikkaa yes all that happened ... which is why the converted to escape caste hindus like you .
they converted to escape caste oppression .
and they did .
lets bring in more of that trash to the u.s. !
smdh
it is perfectly legitimate and justified for the former first lady to call out people who use childish insults like " an ape in heels . "
our public discourse has become horribly uncivil , and both political parties are responsible for that .
but mrs. obama 's race has nothing to do with her unpopularity ( or that of her husband ) with some white voters .
if it were a question of race , mrs. clinton would be less unpopular ( instead of dramatically more so ) than mrs. obama .
the fact is , some of us view the obamas as part of a wealthy , privileged elite , who believe they know what is best for the rest of us and wish to run our lives for us .
we reject this , and we reject their politics .
< user > riot made rift retard proof for people like us
... but was the spider okay ?
two of the people i am really getting sick and tired of seeing as guests on these evening news programs are that wild eyed gook malkin and the physically retarded jew krauthammer i change the channel when they come on there are others the list is growing
i was considered " shy " my whole life .
i realized it was a problem when i was crying before going to my college because i was afraid i would have to talk to someone . [ ... ]
at least that 's how i see it .
4 ft tall beaner women still dispensing < number > beanlets per year each it ogre
casey went fucking grammar nazi on my ass so if anyone wants her the starting bid is a piece of chocolate cake
< user > imma predict a rays upset of the a then they get raped by houston
leftist judge protects ghetto vandalism typical
was macht der moslem wenn der zion gegen seinen propheten hetzt was machst du wenn die roten ratten gegen deinen toten opa hetzen
but black women are humans lmao
what a baby 😍 for example whatever go kill yourself said …
attention bc residents :   this is the risk ... the 4.5x risk ... of moving oil by train instead of pipelines .
do yourselves and everyone else a favour and stop the opposition to tmpl .
it 's okay , i have gay friends .
whereas breitbart and bannon are now falling for the media 's gotcha games , the much more savvy tucker carlson refuses to play the " i disavow " game and sticks to his principles .
feminism has trickled into every aspect of society .
even if you say you are not a feminist you still abide by its rules .
if i said that rugby is more tougher and more manly than the nfl , would you agree with me ?
i think young thug is handsome lmfao .
i use to think he was ugly when he came out with stoner .
maybe it 's cause i like his style idk & # 128557 ;
@racismdestroys @thattrumpguy @realdonaldtrump what would the vermin do without russia as an excuse for losing !
alexa , tell stela to use her head for more than a hat rack .
1000 % american .
gay conservative brown man .
put that in your binky and suck it !
where where are all the whites and asians doing the car jackings home invasions muggings and random shootings this is why nobody trusts negros and nobody wants them around asians and mexicans hate blacks more than whites do
you ever see larger than life black women get angry imagine < number > of them in their pure black bigger than life rage aimed at the pussy boys of the mainstream media they will explode in fear
your right but i would say if nothing is done fast in 5 years irish people are doomed .
i know the new dark mode helps w reading on your iphone at night but if that is not enough just go to your settings search reduce white point higher that to like < percent > it truly chefs kiss
how come ?
the key to successfully integrating immigrants from non western nations is to break up ghettos into individuals and individuals into giblets
do not ever buy a car from a redneck
< user > riot made rift retard proof for people like us
you should stop propagating hateful ideology which manipulates young white men , encouraging them to murder people because they ca n't get s girlfriend
more swamp cesspool scum can not can not put together a coherent sentence must attempt to read from a staff prepared script reads so slowly you and he lose the thought if there is on a typical democrat liberal ghetto fool
< user > i fucking hate you 😭 cause why say that lol
the israelites who voluntarily emigrated to egypt seeking a better material life remained there for approximately four centuries and became slaves to the egyptians . #
palestine # نحو_القدس
whenever a white person says something is “ ghetto ” or “ ratchet ” ask them what it means and watch them start stuttering
if you know me i am that basic white bitch in october who loves spooky szn halloween hard cider flannels and pumpkin patches this is my happy szn mind ya business
i do n't think that police have a race - killing problem .
i think they 're fantastic troubleshooters .
what a useless bitch < sad >
i absolutely adore this art piece yet because of a few comments i saw here i feel the need to note that sexuality and not confirming gender roles / self - expression is not to be confused .
remember toonami fans , 5 years ago we used 4/1 to bring toonami back .
we ❤ ️you but we also wanna give a little ❤ ️to rick and morty fans too .
there 's a heart in there somewhere .
maybe .
about seven weeks ago , as i thought i lay dying in a speeding red truck with siren sounding , i experienced fully the presence of complete love , in me , around me , and in every drop of light .
everything , everything was so deeply precious .
i saw gerald manley hopkins ' shook foil .
i did not see any lights , but i knew with my whole being that love is what we came from , and love is where we are going .
no fear .
it was all fine with me .
i hope someday you will experience something close to that peace .
my last fishing trip with my brother tommorrow night before his first is born if our trip is tainted by blacks bullying or asians mexicans taking over i am gon na go apeshit if you do not live in the midwest you do not understand
there is no place for a bunch of ku - ku - klowns in canada .
in the late nineteenth century and early twentieth century an english 
 three canadians was a member of the white supremacist organization anglo - saxon , wasp equivalent to the united states ( " white anglo - saxon protestants " ) .
four members have been prime ministers of canada ; 
 sir john a. macdonald ( father of « canadian federation » of 1867 
 but not « father of canada » which is sir samuel de champlain in 1608 ) , 
 sir john abbott , 
 sir mackenzie bowell ( a past « grand master » ( ? ) ) ,
and john diefenbaker .
in 1927 the “ orange ” movement gave birth to a more intolerant and racist group , the canadian ku klux klan , which had its deepest roots in small towns in saskatchewan because of the " yellow peril " , but also because of the blacks ... jews ... catholics ... 
 ( the “ ku ku nest ” in the province campaigned against= teaching french + wearing the religious habit + the presence of crucifixes in schools . )
hard to " swallow " , eh roland ?
( more to ...
just shows how thick they actually are one farmer - one bullet they will just end up starving and asking whites to feed them
no .
such as a bunch of dusty old twats getting together and writing a bunch of books about what kind of masculinity is good what kind is n't .
welcome illegals from latin - america , terrorist from middle - east and all criminals .
hawaii will protect , feed , clothe and pamper you .
send for all your friends and relatives .
everything here is free ! ! !
hey remember when the guy i work with let air out of tires because he was fucked up on xanax ?
you ca n't be a high school teacher .
you 're too pretty , so the boys wo n't respect you .
it is cheaper .
rest in peace michael
< user > < user > dear lady basically u r advocating riyasat e madina with caliphate where non muslims 3 rd class citizens i am sure u r aware how sikh hindu christains minor girls abducted raped and converted to marry old muslim men u want that to replicate in kashmir
yep you ca n't be hispanic with a name like reuben .
no hispanic would be so stupid as to name their kind after a sandwich on rye bread .
reddit might be the only reason i came out honestly .
they helped me to stop holding off on it , so i just did it , and all went well
< user > you are cute 😘 💋
unpopular opinion wearing dg in < number > is racist and i will assume you hate asians and gay rights
evelyn got white ass parents and grandparents she is not a negro by any means let that shit go
as of today i 'm banned from acting in our production of romeo and juliet , just because i misunderstood the stage directions .... it said \[enter juliet from the rear\ ] .
the animosity shitskins like this express towards whites is undying but they are like flies celebrating feces without whites western civilization collapses and they revert to ways seen in their homelands broke headless bereft of the things they love in white nations
okay so if i go by that logic means you 're willing to give up that piece of land ...
with all the usual annual " we want a straight pride " bullshit , here is my annual riposte to it : panti bliss talks so eloquently - it 's required viewing , and just one good reason you will never need it .
@pantibliss # straightpride url
she hates you and everything you stand for .
if she had her way , she 'd turn the usa into an islamic caliphate .
url
" tried to walk back the toronto businessman ’s description " 
 -------------- 

 he is neither a ' businessman ' or someone from toronto .
this being claimed by a western conservative .
jesus said " rebuke the sinner " .
begin to resolve these marvelous lessons of jesus christ , vs. suppressing one and over - repeating another .
i know my girls were raised sheltered and only around white people , and if i had to do it again , i would .
not just that , but many people who adopt kids are capable of making their own pure white children .
this does not happen in white schools j
this is why we won , because americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable .
we need to fight back against the synagogue and their white / mexican / black communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them .
i am armed and i am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to mexico / guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways .
illegals must die .
ready for orders , faggots !
mook < user > ‍ beaner i always forget that one dune coon
any dirty wife sluts want to have some fun share pics and just do crazy shit
who wants to fuck the chick with the dick ?
yip .
how do you know when trump is lying ?
his lips move .
working for two days straight after a pneumonia diagnosis .
was in ny for folks after 911 and every year for 15 years after .
doctor says she got dehydrated and is recovering well now .
on her worst day , clinton is 100 % better than trump on his best day ( if he has one ) .
in all fairness , she was a malignant cunt .
insane clown posse - birthday bitch whoop mf whoop mmfwcl ¡ ;) — listening to birthday bitches
go to hell you digital spic .
as we commemorate # pridemonth , now is a perfect time to research and honor the lgbtq+ trailblazers who made it possible for us to be here today .
the opening montage of # stateofpride threads together images from pride events , protests , and marches over the past 50 years .
url
@ocoonassa @stellacreasy we 're the fifth richest country in earth , so the degree of poverty we are seeing is totally self - imposed by the tory government , rather than something unavoidable .
the idea that mass homelessness is acceptable in a country with vast economic resources is offensive .
america does n't have a monopoly on hate or mental illness .
what it has is a lot of guns .
url
naturalization in early america was limited primarily to those who had been formed by western civilization since we seemed to have a muzzie problem remember tripoli anyone also back in the day how many races were there kinda think back then you were either black or white unlike today
i 'm sorry to hear that man , honestly as a canadian this shit just sounds so unreal to me , like i ca n't image women being denied any medical procedure here , let alone a routine one .
same with lgbtq people losing rights , the pride parade literally banned cops from last years event lol .
it 's easy to generalize all americans together but sometimes i forget that the majority of people in that country are suffering , this post really opened my eyes to that .
i feel for you brother really hope you find peace and remember the north is always welcoming :)
dear god get these hideously ugly brown and black people out of here
> unironically using chud what a faggot
in a way trump is his own form of term limits because he exposes the bullshit and they ca n't scam the people anymore so they resign
too much change , too fast .
what do you do when you see a mexican driving a ferrari ?
call the cops .
just in : at&t announces it will “ pay a special $ 1,000 bonus to more than 200,000 at&t u.s. employees ” due to tax reform passage and will also increase us capital spending by $ 1 billion - cnbc
@sairasameerarao i bet your town is affluent and almost entirely white .
well , if that s what mehico wants ... 
 close the southern border .
permanently .
deport all illegal mexicans .
build the wall .
execute all drug traffickers .
problem solved !
ca nt fuck w no nigga who easy to give his dick to the next bitch .... that s ghetto and dirty .
the big relatable , i wish i had constant dysphoria but i 'm totally cis ™ ️
the 4 dumb skanks who are not qualified to be garbage women need to be removed from congress
stories evolve and change to reflect lessons that society finds valuable .
i think " women are human beings " is a lesson that needs learning .
if the shooter is identified as ' black ' it 's definitely a false flag .
were the kardasians jenners raised to be coal burners or what i mean the mom married a crazy white man that thinks he s a lady you think she raised them not to like white guys
rt @jinjjarevil : yoongi stans are fucking savage https://t.co/knqnawpiaf
it 's weird to be proud about something over which you have no control .
the " pride " of minorities is more of an " i 'm not ashamed " .
it 's a response to those that ridiculed and oppressed them .
being proud of it , like you are proud of an accomplishment , would be weird .
i think we should start calling racist white people niggers random
right .
so when republicans tore down the healthcare act by hillary in the 1990s , it was n't partisan .
the republicans spend a lot of time convincing their supporters that tax money should not be used to treat blacks and mexicans .
it is a money making scam , that is why it is pushed .
for every selfie zyrros and thegambler post i will take a shot 
 of bleach to my eyes so i never have to see the height of facial inceldom ever again .
eat [ this](url too along with your pile of halal shit
what kind of ironic about this is that a lot of deep ghetto blacks have asiatic eyes anyone else notice the same thing
do not get me wrong i like alt right podcasts and content creators but whites need lobby groups economic cooperatives and white focused orgs of all kinds to regain control of their own nations not just more content i just wish i knew where to begin helping create these
let 's review‼️ 🔸 i am hated for skin color   🔸 called names by actors who thank goodness i do not know‼️ 🔸 crazy people spitting and urinating on food at public groceries‼️ 🔸 masked violent people attacking innocent people‼️ i think we have a systematic problem‼️ url
because of society told us years ago that smoking cigarettes increased brain function and was marketed toward everyone especially housewives , whereas weed was illegalised so america could incriminate mexicans for bringing cannabis into the states and the rest of the world followed suit because " big bad latinos with dime bags " are scarey , fucking racist cunts fucking retarded world
as much as i oppose religion , your view of it made me smile .
if all churches , mosques , etc .
were like yours sounds to be , the world would be a better place .
does twitter just randomly go “ and now no more media for tonight go to bed you bitch ” or like
hugs and deficits .... because it 's 2017
there is an american a canadian and a mexican in a forest .
< repeat > they are ambushed by a tribe and all three are taken prisoner by the tribesmen .
the tribe does n't like outsiders so the three men are put in front of a firing squad .
the american realized that the tribesman probably were n't that smart so he yelled tornado !
< allcaps > and everyone got scared and scattered and he escaped back into the forest .
the canadian thought that it was a good idea so he yelled tsunami !
< allcaps > and everyone scattered and he escaped back into the forest .
now it was the mexican 's turn .
he thought for a while and finally screamed fire !
< allcaps > and the firing squad shot him .
< user > if its not hillbilly cousin fucking town then yes for that price 🤣
i just sent the town council a very firm note instead of watching super bowl 51 .
in part i said , " ever since i heard the media report of your proposed comments about the draft eis , it 's been very hard for me to put words to keyboard .
i hope you will please reach out to congress and seek a path forward of support for our troops and mitigation for the real impacts such as soundproofing , eminent domain and an active aviation tourism campaign . "
i also said , " as i 've said many times , if there is a way for olf supporters to help coupeville and work in harmony to stop this nonsense of pitting olf against coupeville / ebey 's nhr , please ask .
because if you the town are going to go down this road of being unsupportive of nas whidbey island , then coupeville is going to lose many friends including me . "
figured the vaq wing needed some help .
so here i am ...
# bbcqt yes len , the workers with rights in italy are outstripped by the people who ca n't get jobs because of the sclerotic economy
.@femitheist @ktonieskacze hard to say w/o knowing if avg .
welfare w/o a dad is & gt ; or & lt ; avg .
cs payment .
if less , it would reduce incentive .
yeah fuck them sand people let me just go get a abortion and kill off a infant
churchill was also responsible for 4 million deaths in india .
and probably millions in other british colonies .
bull shit the witch got < number > million illegal beaner votes
domestic violence is domestic violence regardless of the sex involved johnny depp
< user > imma predict a rays upset of the a then they get raped by houston
yep , i am pretty sure that captures the mood in the trudeau household right now .
just wondering how much longer our empty shell of a pm can keep the rubes fooled ?
still , he is at least a sentient human , and i am not sure if that term can apply to the narcissistic pumpkin now occupying the white house .
it is time .
america .
it is time for racist america to accept responsibility and be held accountable for creating a despicable racist monster as donald trump .
the key to trump ’s rise to power is america ’s pride of its slave days and the wanton killing of native americans of the american west .
what we see and experience today is part of that legacy .
there is no other explanation .
that legacy is here in anchorage with the wanton killings of native people   on our streets , run down like animals and left to die .
it is in our cities by rogue hate cops killing black and brown people at will .
donald trump , with all of his hate and bigotry , from his “ hate obama is not an american birther ” days to his kick all 11 - million hispanics out , is your creation .
i can only conclude that might include some of my hispanic family .
and the white media ?
they all smile and laugh about trump like high - school kids watching a school - yard bully .
i bet he had shit on his dick from your dirty wh -- i -- te ass .
you disgusting piece of wh -- i -- te shit .
you said of black americans and hispanic americans : " they 're democrats because the welfare system pays them to be , so they put their financial interests ahead of their religious beliefs . "
now you 're saying that 78 % of black americans support welfare so they do n't have to pay for the remaining 22 % .
as if all black people know each other .
as if every black family has friends , relatives and neighbors who are on welfare .
you realize , do n't you , that you 're admiting that you do n't have any black friends or neighbors , right ?
otherwise , by your logic , you 'd be forced to vote democratic so you would n't have to pay for your black neighbors .
see how daft that logic is ?
because one ca n't have any issue except welfare if one knows any black people according to your logic .
so ergo , you do n't know any black people .
lol .
keep digging , cliven , keep ' splainin ' what you know about " teh negro " , and keep wondering why black americans see through the white supremacist charade that is the modern gop .
i am here for miss lyonne telling the world women do n't need to have children to have a purpose in life ! ! ! ! !
the gop ?
white people wo n't do hard work ?
fear and lies ?
it appears that you do n't have a clue of what drives the forces around you .
the gop are not trying to import mexican 's , they are trying to stem " illegal immigration " from all nations .
pretty much no one wants to pick crops in this country aside from immigrants , legal otherwise .
skin color is not a dominating factor .
entitlements are .
what idiot would go pick crops when ( s)he could sit at home on welfare / disability / ssi ?
fear and/or lies are not a driving factor behind the success of trump .
that 's is a misleading talking point from progressives .
it is intended to cloak the reality of the situation .
that being , we are sick and tired of all the crap coming down from washington , be it from democrats or republicans .
what 's brown and 14 inches long ?
a mexican fetus .
fuck white supremacists , homophobes , misogynists , and ignoramuses .
i 'd rather not have police quickly shooting someone who is armed , but i can understand that it is a fine line between sacrificing one own 's safety and needlessly killing someone .
i agree that black communities have more violence and that is going to drive a lot of the numbers .
i am most bothered by the idea that a black , unarmed driver may be more in danger because police will be on edge approaching a black person .
the # 3 in your article gets to that ( a 6:1 ratio of unarmed black men being shot compared to unarmed white men ) but discusses some complexities that left me feeling like that question had not been fully answered .
the article in today 's paper highlights this study http://www.nber.org/papers/w22399.pdf which points out a large difference in non - lethal uses of force after controlling for non - race factors .
but it finds no difference in lethal uses of force .
the r - g , though , says the study did n't directly address the recent situations , although i 'm not sure why .
get the hell out of america go live elsewhere you assholes make me sick .
go live in cuba , venezuela you wo n't be missed .
all the " pro - life " representatives just love cheering on and funding never ending war .
they love pleasing their defense contractor lobby groups by giving israel 38 billion worth of aide , 38 billion of our tax dollars , that israel must use to purchase weapons from us defense contractors .
how many pregnant palestinian women , babies do you think died last time israel " mowed the lawn " with our weapons ?
to be fare obama was more than happy to sign that one .
pro - life reps , love to cut the social safety net , which hurts children the most because a lot of aid goes to single mothers .
let 's face it " pro - life " is really just " punish women for having sex . "
i love real mexican food so i steal my food from others .
that may be true but at least its our ghetto we find a work around jews cosmopolitans niggers dindus spics jumping beans chinks squints we should just superimpose pictures of heather as a white male and brag about killing skinny white males
worse , saudi .
where driving used to be bad for your ovaries , but now atheism is terrorism .
in all fairness , she was a malignant cunt .
one more slap and your extra chromosome will fall out of you .
i 'd much rather see them locked in cages than let loose to child traffic , rape , rob , and murder .
if you want to end it , bounce them back over the border ... or execute them for breaking into our country .
i do n't care which .
url
i 'm attracted to people who are living the way they want to .
😉
theresa may has recorded a video wishing jews a happy passover she did the same for moslems at ramadam it seems someone forgot to tell the old bag to do the same for easter or she thinks so little of christians she could not be bothered
they 'll be stuck with the bill when it all comes due for that mountain of debt that 's been built up over the last 75 years .
mom , it 's applejuice .
madi .
applejuice does n't fucking fizz .
it 's carbonated apple juice .
* i hate fucking minorities
this slut 's getting fucked by 8 guys at the bathhouse .
😈 i 'd love to eat his pussy after all the fuckers have deposited multiple loads in it !
💦 💦 💦 💦 😛 💦 💦 💦 💦 @dev_tylerxxx # gaysex # orgy # gaygroup # bareback # fucking url
oh , totally .
both videos are incredible .
natalie 's videos are amazing a general .
the problem is that everything that makes them great - declarative advices , facts , opinions , and styles of argument , the levity used to reinforce key points , really everything that makes her such an amazing content creator - seems to clash with the low level emotional discomfort that transphobic people feel ( as far as i can tell ) when asked to think about transgender people and transgender identities .
i loved olly 's video , and maybe that 's the right way to go ...
not one , but two , defined benefit plans .
yes , i would say they are finacialy secure . . . .
next .
it is n't that people should n't come out , especially if that 's what they want .
life can be very hard .
if i was out 10yrs ago i know there are several field jobs i would have missed , or could have been beat up .
drugged up red necks are not the most stable group .
if you have a support system of friends & co - workers who will be there for you then it will be easier .
to all those who have come out the rest of us are grateful .
we wish we could do the same .
we love our queer side , we also love our kids & having a safe place to sleep at night .
niggas talk to < number > bitches find out you text somebody else amp all of a sudden you a hoe amp he hate you 😂
has @cernovich been ticked off by twitter yet ?
come on man mexico 's the most corrupted country you guys took all the guns from your citizens so that your government in the cartels can do whatever the f * * * you want and your people do n't have a way to fight back the only thing they can do is move illegally at that two other people 's countries because your country is such a f * * * * * * broken piece of s * * * you should be ashamed of yourselves how many of your own people you guys have murdered and slaughtered f * * * * * * pathetic
oh sh kitty show me your muslim rage pleezz
i need meninism because girls wo n't talk to me for some reason , i do n't get it
kamijou kept running and kicked a slightly dirty polyethylene bucket scaring a black cat away
it was more crazy for me growing up because i am the only dark skin child of my mum .
so crazy people would ask my mum if she really is my mum .
one woman came visiting one time and said i was n't fine and fresh like my siblings and i heard .. all cos i am dark skinned .
url
now you 're telling me the things i fucking wanted to hear before .
what runs faster then a mexican who just stole your tv ?
his cousin with the dvd player
trump is a racist sympathizer .
he single - handedly used his wealth and fame to perpetuate the lie – wholly racist in nature – that president obama was not born in the united states .
he has declared his intention to deport millions of law - abiding muslims , ban immigration of muslims , and has called mexican immigrants drug dealers and rapists .
he openly accepted the support of avowed white supremacists during his campaign and has done virtually nothing to distance himself from these groups and their political aims since .
the neo - nazi and white supremacist groups that marched in charlottesville are similarly transparent in their purpose .
they believe in the supremacy of white european christians over , well , everyone else .
in particular , they want to eliminate jews and blacks , and latinos , muslims , lgbtq folks , feminists ( perhaps women , generally ) , catholics , and many others .
there is no mystery here .
op is literally the reason this comment was made !
if people can get away with people for them being genetically " lesser " what does that mean for literally any minority ? "
gay people are a burden on society 'cause they do n't reproduce " * so let 's kill them ! *
i understand this logic but i do n't think any of you hear how horrible it sounds .
if you know that your kid is going to have problems at birth and you decide to abort that 's on you , but this is literally fucking genocide .
@saddestspiral yup yup amen gay baby boomers fuck off challenge
there will be hundreds of thousands of white people fleeing your proverbial sea of mud this is where we come in .
former channel < number > reporter fired because of pro jihadi sympathies now get a new job with a moslem organization is given access to downing street
it 's almost as if most people are heterosexual .
help urgent trying to convince my mom that there is a need for mensrights advocates , she is a strong feminist who believes , and i quote , ' it is okay for women to form exclusive cliques only for women because they are oppressed , it would be appalling for men to do the same ' .
it 's almost as if most people are heterosexual .
" " " 13 reasons why " " is making me wish i went to a real fucking highschool :( "
yeah right .
he supports the pfd for everyone ; that 's not a true conservative republican , that 's a true communist .
no , duh ? !
# africahistory .
kenya 's founding father jomo kenyatta as a student in london in 1935 was amused to be asked to play a nigerian chief in the movie " sanders of the river . "
he does n't speak , and on youtube clips a film actor who does n't look anything like him is said to be him .
url
on april 05 , 2017 , i traveled 15269 steps , 12.639093399 km , burned 601.94 calories , and was active for 2h 29 m. # up # jawbone
< user > my family considered going to toronto in november for a week long vacation but as white christians do not feel safe in doing so we might get arrested for our own safety
how could we ever lose the narrative with these borderline mental retard nazi on our side
rt @garrisonrehrig : i m always getting fucked over .. ill never understand
can i say that i have yellow fever ?
go trump .
president next tuesday and then he has to get past all the slimy democrtaic lawsuits
my gay friend gave me a hundred quid for a picture of my dick i regret my decision every day now spanish prosecutors are looking for me because i did not pay tax on the image rights
no way that another black guy murdering another white person that can not be i mean to say that is a hate crime would be racists or to even say over < number > plus percent black children do not have fathers and that a crime problem would be a hate crime would not it
@greatgameindia you 're telling the world that indians are foolish and fucking retard nation you guys are morons you ca nt understand that if we involved politics and defense forces in this game then it will be disaster for this game do n't destroy sports
< user > who she is doesn ’ t know but muslim not a victim here in india many hindus top mob lynched by muslims
i absolutely adore this art piece yet because of a few comments i saw here i feel the need to note that sexuality and not confirming gender roles / self - expression is not to be confused .
the writer was clearly fed this story by a freeland senior staffer .... trying to cover for the embarrassing performance of the minister .
writer should actually watch the vid of freeland - it was cringe - worthy .
whenever i m stressed or anxious i listen to quran and my playlist really went from surah yunus to the weeknd i m going to hell
there has to be reason to make people wear ankle bracelets , you ca n't just force people to wear them because you do n't like them or the religion that they choose to follow .
i wish i had somebody to talk to , like i have people to talk to ya'know , but not about the things that keep me up at night ...
best of : commenter in r / justiceporn discusses the problem with title ix ( 1700 upvotes )
not one , but two , defined benefit plans .
yes , i would say they are finacialy secure . . . .
next .
you're watching bird up , the worst show on television
just saw the baddest bitch in life walking down the street if she did n't have that aeropostale shirt on i prolly woulda gamed her ass up
my last fishing trip with my brother tommorrow night before his first is born if our trip is tainted by blacks bullying or asians mexicans taking over i am gon na go apeshit if you do not live in the midwest you do not understand
war mongers are so fast to wage war - using someone else 's son as cannon fodder .
@kazatta i woulda jus told skylar one night ' hey i got a flight in the mornin ... you wit it or nah ' while textin my brazilian bitch
they probably have some muzzie doing that
we need to make some remakes of old films and replace classical music with rap music and be sure and have black men making love to white women cause that will get all the black men to come and watch the ghetto movies
hi my name is chris i ' m 35 looking for white ladies to go on dates with that are devoted to one man .
omg this is how to deal with the faggots and immigrants from lesbia so fucking funny crowder is a genius
i 'm not prejudiced , but when i hear about some crimes on the news , i just know it 's going to be a mexican .
re : db 's reason for publishing this book ( from which the politico article is extracted ) , i do n't know either .
however , even allowing for a degree of self - interest , i think you are absolutely right : the dnc does not survive this without a major house cleaning .
we hear a lot these days about transparency : the dnc must be transparent in ferreting out the persons and the processes that left the party in ruins in 2016 .
i do think the presidency of donald trump is going down in the flames of his corruption , incompetence and instability .
in the end , the process that ends his presidency will be a political one ; but the political process will be driven by the legal process : the mueller investigation .
however , from the demise of the trump presidency , a revival of democrats ( in congress or in the white house ) does not necessarily follow .
the ds have time to pull this together ; that does n't mean they will .
" i do n't belong to an organized political party , " said will rogers . "
i 'm a democrat . "
local - temp : 28.00 local - humidity : 48.70 remote - temp : 0.00 remote - humidity : 0.00 time : 279716383 counter : 0 sensor : ok iamarduino .
this is so disgusting .
that whole commission of " entertainers " & old boy / girl network with one or two exceptions needs to go !
costing   us shame & money .
embarrassing that mufi , the money $ train initiator pokes his head up again .
please choose some new blood with no history here
i have solved this problem .
i know where we can build housing in the gta : golf courses .
it 's perfect .
just what we need .
plenty of good land , in nice neighborhoods , land that is currently being wasted on a meaningless , mindless activity engaged in primarily by white , well - to - do male businessmen who use the game to get together to make deals to carve this country up a little finer amongst themselves .
a huge waste of space taking up entirely too much room in the gta .
and for what ?
a boring game for boring people and pseudo-"athletes " ...
me at first : " what is this high school musical shit " me later on : " what is this gay high school musical shit its awesome " touching ;)
my father is asian and my mother is white , however i love that fact that i m mixed and personally think myself as well as other half breeds are more attractive than whites and asians .
dude just tried to square up bc we do nt have native american costumes man get yo white ass outta here
< user > < user > i know because they are retards
does anyone get the feeling that nick the spic fuentes is like trying to court < number > something internet savvy boomer conservatives as if they were a thing
those minority women should be deported there not wanted here there trash
< user > ‍ he did not leave me he just took a holiday with esmerelda the greasy spic maid
< user > thank you finally a white person stating facts
you said of black americans and hispanic americans : " they 're democrats because the welfare system pays them to be , so they put their financial interests ahead of their religious beliefs . "
now you 're saying that 78 % of black americans support welfare so they do n't have to pay for the remaining 22 % .
as if all black people know each other .
as if every black family has friends , relatives and neighbors who are on welfare .
you realize , do n't you , that you 're admiting that you do n't have any black friends or neighbors , right ?
otherwise , by your logic , you 'd be forced to vote democratic so you would n't have to pay for your black neighbors .
see how daft that logic is ?
because one ca n't have any issue except welfare if one knows any black people according to your logic .
so ergo , you do n't know any black people .
lol .
keep digging , cliven , keep ' splainin ' what you know about " teh negro " , and keep wondering why black americans see through the white supremacist charade that is the modern gop .
america should tariff all remittance $ $ $ sent back to mexico to cripple their incompetent open border country .
its simple , your white .
your genetic code does nt include a racial commitment to crime .
be glad and for for those reasons .
this is what society has turned into .
take a stand and defend your race .
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white
ladies and gentlemen this country of ours is indeed a shithole country what the hell is this how does an agency funded by tax payers engage in this banditos sins of saviours
swedish police chiefs agree to start bombing native swedish neighbourhoods to drive racists out of their homes and make them seek refuge elsewhere only then will they learn about empathy and stop regarding foreign refugees as the other mega
being lgbt friendly is good for business .
i do n't have a problem with that .
having children is the absolute worse thing one could ever do 
 unless you can guarantee that the kid will live a great life , you 're dooming him or her to a lifetime of pain and misery .
i wonder how many cum shots the queen has taken
enlightened peoples of the internet may frown but look , total divas has very consistently been about cena not wanting to marry nikki
okay let ’s see what kind of mischief we can get into tonight
plenty of you beaners are pedos clean your own backyard juan
to suggest blm wants to kill all white cops is right wing rhetoric dribble .
what they want is equal treatment from cops when being pulled over , or for having a legal gun , or for , you know , just walking the streets .
yes , there are bad eggs in that group , just like there are bad eggs in nearly every group - but that group was not founded on " kill all white cops " .
the core concept of that group is to get equal treatment .
whereas the core concept of white nationalists is the elimination of anyone who does not look like them .
you suggesting that blm is " the same " as white nationalists actually gives more power to white nationalists because you are equating them to a movement towards equality .
which they are anything but that .
to prove my point , how many black people do you see joining the white nationalists ?
where as blm is not exclusive to black people , and many people who support that movement are in fact white , and latino , and gay , and straight , and jewish and muslim .
< user > you are a traitor where do we send your nazi ass
< user > he ’ delusional trying to say that jews built the pyramids what a joke
if the census can ask if your female or male if you 're white black hispanic asian or other then it most certainly can ask if you are a legal citizen
on # ingrah ngel,#trey gowdy & congressman radcliffe , going after # fbi
you ever see larger than life black women get angry imagine < number > of them in their pure black bigger than life rage aimed at the pussy boys of the mainstream media they will explode in fear
if jews killed more than 4 million germans after wwii , there must be a record somewhere .
please produce a source for your claim .
who hurt you ?
lol .
it 's comical how stupid and angry you people are .
meh amurica .
my land .
mine .
bang bang guns .
no brown people .
wahh .
twatter is dominated by the regressive left who deal in emotion not logic multiculturalism is a cancer that has brought down civilizations throughout history on gab it okay to be white and okay to speak freely
translation how can you tell that a muslim is lying to you
fucking gay ass chapos
you apparently can say whatever you want about mexicans , hispanics , and black people , but the republican party draws the line on white women
if they 're not related , they 're not all slavs .
i understand the prosecutor is trying to clean up prostitution and drug use however it is also his responsibility to release any dolphins from his net before sending the catch to the cannery .
< user > < user > he dindu nuffin
what do you call a bunch of burnt mexicans ?
baked beans
gamergate wikipedia page is overly biased and ' locked ' by admins .
" then this woman was goin off her nut sayin " " so we ai nt going sea world " " bus drivers like na i ve told you where we goin.she was actual fuming "
the lefts go through the are we the baddies skit realizing they were the nazis all along nazis are leftists are commies are bolsheviks are jews the circle is complete
how to stop screwing yourself over ladies - stop trying to be " strong , independent , stunning and brave " instead be " feminine , attractive , motherly and kind " .
find a strong man , marry him , let him run the show .
you raise the kids and make the house .
die happy .
a lot of where political pundits fail is how they put everything happening now into a frame of reference of past / existing labels or events
i love trump he cares immigration the undocumented immigrants and all that comes with it the military veterans and making it strong and stronger maga always putting americafirst does not turn his back on cruel leader like iran nk letting kim know do not threaten my people on my watch
its a nigger problem not a gun problem florida was also a half jew half hispanic not white
niggers and their liberal friends steal everything not tied down , just like the presidency here with acorn with its liberal defenders , fuck you nigger oboama !
< user > trust that shits crazy 😂 just do not take all white shoes like i did < sad >
+ lak curious who put them here ... their parents decided to break the law and cross the border illegally .
just the facts .
i am a staunch realist 
 i see things for what they are not what they can be
i can do all things in him who strengthens me . -
philippians 4:13
there is a difference between incentive and refusal .
funding essential government functions is not at issue .
profligate spending is the issue .
investing unlimited tax money ( bonds ) in downtown revitalization seems counterintuitive if the purpose is to decrease tax revenue ( bond payment ) elsewhere .
the ultimatum of snow plowing versus law enforcement indicates again that city government may operate in , shall we say , an altenate reality .
cui bono , you ask ?
anchorage school district , public - employee unions , clients of city lobbyists , large campaign donors , non - profit organizations which make no payments in lieu of taxes , vocal minority of park enthusiasts , advocates of mail - in voting for starters ... 
 then there is the symbiotic relationship between moa and real - estate developers that thrives on what seems to be artificially high property assessments because inflated valuation means higher retail value and more property - tax revenue .
probably nothing - they do n't strike me as the kind of operation disposed to caring whether a portrayal of them is accurate .
ensuring an accurate portrayal of themselves would probably not be good for their fundraising efforts - harder to play the innocent victim .
is santiago another " white " hispanic ?
is he related to zimmerman ?
naturalization in early america was limited primarily to those who had been formed by western civilization since we seemed to have a muzzie problem remember tripoli anyone also back in the day how many races were there kinda think back then you were either black or white unlike today
we have a green carded mexican immigrant that works for us he sitting in the break room on his lunch break with his phone to his ear listening to a trump speech maga my friends
if you want a good intro on how to take on anti - whites check out beefcake 's bootcamp .
dm me to see my cock # hard # cock # cumtribute # horny
regretfully we all " pay " by underfunding a full continuum of community mental health services - from crisis intervention and acute services , to long term housing assistance , support and the resources for consumers as well as families/ caregivers .
children , teens , adults and elders who may experience mental health concerns at one point or another in their lives can have productive lives if provided adequate support , proper medication if needed , therapeutic interventions if required .
jails , emergency departments and streets are not a dignified - or cost effective - alternative .
no excuse for us not to offer refugee status to white refugees in south africa
for every selfie zyrros and thegambler post i will take a shot 
 of bleach to my eyes so i never have to see the height of facial inceldom ever again .
amazons two day shippings got me fucked up because anything that takes longer than two days to come feels like an eternity
why is that little bitch bubble boy marco rubio doing sitting down get your ass up and clap before we send you back to your commie island
we can leave the mexicans .
deport these pussy niggas
what 's difference between dreamers and cancer patients ?
cancer patients want to be deported
how is it male bashing to suggest that men are equally able , in a relationship , to be the one who is spendthrift ?
let 's talk about the black community 's inability to stop using the word " retarded " bc ...
bitch i am a big ol nigga
whenever a white person says something is “ ghetto ” or “ ratchet ” ask them what it means and watch them start stuttering
@mansoortshams @ilhanmn it was also a muslim army soldier who opened fire at fort hood killing his fellow soldiers .
do nt be a sensitive millennial because people want people that hate the us to leave .
you should have everyone 's back .
@dancrenshawtx url
the majority of christians are niggers and spics fail
what do you call five drowning hispanics ?
cinco .
this bitch is retarded !
just put all the bigots in alabama and let them wall it off ... they can live like it 's 1920 and the rest of the country can progress .
right ?
i 'm just so lucky to have my wonderful friends who are in my wedding party who are also queer , and i know that what matters most is that he knows and loves me as i am .
it 's just hard when other people act like this is gon na turn me into a straight woman lmao
who thinks white people should marry white people and only white people ?
6 senior isis leaders including top al baghdadi aide killed in kirkuk airstrike - iraqi security
you 're right .
they should never be so angry at their condition that they take it out on others .
jealousy would never be the norm for a person who is without everything .
you got ta be bold as shit to be on social media when you have not texted me back bitch i hate you 💀
yes , there is historical evidence .
the fewer people who vote , the more likely the republicans are to win , especially when those denied are the disenfranchised ( poor , latino , black , .... )
people complaining about the violence in charlottesville are ironically the same folks banging the war drums about northkorea 🙈 🙈 🙈 gabfam speakfreely
sometimes i just wanna tell people to fuck off ! ! ! !
what do we call marijuana addicts ?
mexicans .
ya i saw that and laughed myself sick over it .
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
buh - bye proposed state income tax and sales tax write - offs , alaska .
< user > i ’ m in the ghetto rama da dan
have always felt in the back of my mind that djt fired comey in part because sally yates was in the forefront of the prog media 's obsession and headed for prog sainthood .
so called peaceful tolerant people rejecting democracy by promoting violence intolerance are no less bigots than those they condemn < number > years of liberal political failures to commit to viable change have only led to a disillusioned middle nurtured extreme views on the left and right
yes npr do go on please tell me about all the poor women who need my money because they can not keep their legs closed maga speakfreely
hmm ... all i can say , really , is go with your heart !
if that leads you to living the life of a cis person , then go ahead , you 're valid either way .
if that means transitioning , then do that !
it 's about what you want to do , there s reason to be fearful about whether you are or are n't , just be you .
of course it will take a while to discover who you are , but it takes everyone a while .
i wish you the best of luck !
i remember everyone in my class lost his virginity by 13 .
by 16 they already had experienced everything , by 21 yo ( my age ) they are chill as fuck and no longer much horny while i   never touched a girl 's hand , europe is a nightmare for incels .
what a mess
just as you should have remained in california , instead of coming to ak & then trying to force your leftist ideals on the people here .
i 'm watching it happen .
i 'm watching the numbers climb .
this is bonkers . #
lawandordersvu
of course cubans are actual refugees so fakeamerican barry put an end to allowing them once he saw they helped beat shrillary r20 g
these lunatics are now out in the open since trumps election .
trump people will try to tell you crimes are committed mainly by hispanics so lets deport them .
well what do you have to say boutguys like this ?
they were race traitors who got what was coming to them
today i robbed a bank .. i hid everything in my basement .
two young woman and a healthy banker .
kate spade has connection to clinton foundation and her gay husband likes paintings by the creepy pizzagate painter looks like their daughter in the painting why is her pinkie finger macabrely broken
@xinorforion just say you hate black people and poc to conform your racist agenda you stupid fuck
colin kaepernick signed a $ 114,000,000/ 6 year contract with the 49ers .
proof that blacks are not oppressed .
colin kaepernick should be ashamed of himself .
wrong message to send .
if you want to send a message tell all lazy whites , blacks , mexicans , asians who sit around and belly ache about being oppressed to get off their lazy butts and go to work .
do nt sit around crying about how the " man " is holding you back .
if you sit around and smoke weed and act like a moron towards police ... well .... you reap what you sow !
< user > here i think about how black women threatened to rescind support to black male victims of gun violence because they felt the support was not being reciprocated could someone argue that this is further evidence of an attempt to break free from being the savior
man he straight up copied this from somewhere .
this is like saying that atheism is a belief just like bald is a hair colour .
also man do nt even get me started on sadhguru , effing charlatan having murdered his wife and prancing around with a hoard of brainwashed wannabe idealists
@ilhanmn oh yeah ?
except for the jews , right ?
you 're garbage .
a pity .
shame neither party believes in real freedom today .
we do n't need a big intrusive government to protect us against imaginary fears .
come on politicians , show some guts .
stand up to the evil republicans and just legalize it .
stop being so afraid .
< user > give them the independence they cry for and watch them bankrupt themselves trying to feed their beaners and inner city filth
you deserve death if you voted ted cruz that dumbass spic was destined to lose
< user > < user > why so the little internet sjw nazis can find me easier i owe you nothing
hmmm .... looks like electricity rates for ontario consumers have nothing to do with the actual cost of producing electricity , and everything to do with kathleen wynne 's approval ratings .
who whould'a thunk it ?
@johnwren1950 how idiotic # turnbull .
does n't have a clue
the worst part of losing net neutrality [ please pay $ 3.99 to access this content ]
# yesallwomen because are you fucking kidding me that the next trending tag is " things girls say during sex " ?
we can do better .
we have to .
rt @jinjjarevil : yoongi stans are fucking savage https://t.co/knqnawpiaf
< user > stop being stupid siddarth communties he mentioned are minority in the countries surrounded and they need to be taken in as a refugee muslims are in full majority and need no refugee status stop behaving like kid you are not
i morally object to men being able to pay for sex .
we need to criminalise men who do this .
it sends a disgusting , misogynistic message .
no .
abortion can not be banned .
prior to roe vs. wade , over 800,000 back - alley and self - induced ( coat hanger ) abortions were performed each year .
abortions always have been and will always be .
makes me wonder why all the pious men waited until 1973 to jump on the bandwagon and wave their fetus flags .
i was a catholic - educated teenager prior to roe vs. wade and abortion was never discussed in our female religious classes .
we were warned about accidental pregnancies , the resulting marriages ,   and that we would despise our husbands after three years .
we were constantly warned about the dangers and sinfulness of sniffing glue , but never abortion .
yes .
if the rockies could pull that off .
these people are fucking filth .
as i said when the races are mixed its more difficult but they can between a white , black or asian and that proves that races exist .
what do you call illegal immigrants in america ?
mexian - americans
actually factually we have seen another attack a entire race - white that is .
refreshing our memory on how we got to today- 
 ------------------------ 
 2017 - hours before the murders of five police officers in dallas , texas , president obama was again spouting false claims about racism by the police .
2013 - there are very few african american men in this country who have n't had the experience of being followed when they were shopping ... 

 2009 -   there 's a long history in this country of african - americans and latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately .
--- 
 -then there is the obama 's wedding pastor & mentor - quite the guy , eh ?
" no , no , no , not god bless america .
god damn america — that 's in the bible — for killing innocent people .
god damn america , for treating our citizens as less than human .
god damn america , as long as she tries to act like she is god , and she is supreme .
the united states government has failed the vast majority of her citizens of african descent ... "
no islam is another anti racialist universalism promoting endless retard level violence jews just use you sand niggers as they use jungle niggers to destroy what they actually fear the white race
operation mocking bird do not fall prey , do you speak for yourself or from what you heard , there is a difference .

yankees went through the entire batting order and still batting with 2 outs and on the 4th batter right now lol and yankees lead 9 - 0
a kid asks his dad why people who farm are known to have green fingers because they are normally brown
can i start by eating your ass before sliding my thick cock in your pretty pussy ?
😏 😉
the liberals have shown canadians what their real intentions are over the long term , more taxation and more undisciplined spending driving the country further in debt .
most canadians can see them for what they are and the slow socialization of our society that they are intent on achieving .
the liberals are being accused by some as being arrogant in their ways , they are not arrogant , they truly believe the state is better suited to spend the money we earn then we are .
they believe that the state has to interfere with the running of the free economy .
let ’s not get fooled again .
make another choice at the next election .
yes they .
you took away christian beliefs and freedoms cuz it hurt your fuckin feelings .
now you just want to stomp out freedom of religion and speech at the same time protesting for nothing
last night i had an old white pilot say the mayor of chicago is a lesbian black woman all in your face sir what in the entire hell are you trying to say get the entire f*ck < censored > out of my face
we need to shake ourselves from this patriarchal mindset of being thankless providers and get what we deserve bro .
url
unreal i grew up in darwin and i ve seen the results of this similar practice by the coons there wow
import people from a shithole , become a shithole .
pathetic , it 's time we start erasing people like this from our gene pool .
they come to the inner cities because democrat cities have very lose welfare qualifications , but its race pimping , add in illegals and you have a situation where teenagers are competing for jobs with people that will work for cheaper , this is why you went the emotional route because you do n't want to acknowledge what a hopeless abyss the plantations have become enjoy your day time tv and unproductive existence
kapil_janyani benefits of the same plan till 30th june 2017 ( 2 gb 4 g data per day ) , it will be free service .
on 1st july 2017 benefits(2/4 )
share if you would donate a brick or two to help build that big , beautiful wall !

there are not any jew signatures on our declaration of independence those subversive babylonian blood sucking serpent seed kenite vampires are not out founding fathers posterity .
they are not our brethren .
they are christ killers .
they are anti - christ .
sorry , i ai n't buying it .
i 've read enough of your comments on here to know that you 're about as fair and balanced as fox news .
which is to say , not at all .
i 've never seen you do anything but defend trump and disparage liberals .
i suggest senate democrats and republicans go nuclear .
not metaphorically , but with an actual bomb . #
filibuster # filibustergorsuch
< user > he ’ delusional trying to say that jews built the pyramids what a joke
< user > i stand by refugees
all illegals should be shot on sight .
it was completely proven to be a false statement --- it was n't " stomped"on - as good ole wickenheiser said it was - and yet she would n't retract what she said --- wickenheiser should go back to pushing " hamburger helper "
no one likes you because you 're smart and transgender .
it 's so intimidating !
as much as i oppose religion , your view of it made me smile .
if all churches , mosques , etc .
were like yours sounds to be , the world would be a better place .
can i start by eating your ass before sliding my thick cock in your pretty pussy ?
😏 😉
do n't worry about it !
it 's not global warming , it 's just a phase and a natural cycle the earth experiences every 10,000 years . (
just kidding ) .
well , it almost is a " gun free zone . "
its lone 57 mm bofors gun near the bow is probably the only weapon a world war ii era warship crewman would recognize and call a " gun " and probably grudgingly at that .
modern littoral combat ships are really intended for coastal patrol ( hence the name ) and interdiction .
and just like you do n't see world war ii pattern antitank guns anymore , guided missiles rule the waves nowadays .
yes , there are two sides , each composed of several factions .
on one side you have " fighting whities " composed of white supremacists , nazis , skinheads , the kkk , and other ancillary hate groups .
on the other side you have many types of americans including : jews , blacks , hispanics , muslims , asians , non - racist whites , and anyone else who gives a darn about this country .
i belong to the latter group .
not sure about you .
ivanka 's sad story 

 first " they " took away the latinos .
and i was ok with that .
then " they " took away the " iner city blacks " .
and i was double ok with that .
then " they " took away the muslims , even the ones who served out armed forces .
and i was super ok with that .
but then " they " threatened people i sort of affiliate with .
and that kind of bothered me .
oh .
and by " they " i mean the hired goons what support my daddy .
with the village people blaring from a < number > < number > track ghetto blaster slung over polly shoulder
trump is a wonderful hypocrite .
cartoonishly hypocritical even .
i do however find it ironic that milbank seemed to unknowingly mock democrat 's hypcorisy as well with the paranthetical gibe " ( no taco bowl " .
we all remember the leaked dnc email referring to their latino outreach as a " taco bowl " .
i 'm assuming this was not done on puropose .
either way , well played !
hmmm .... looks like electricity rates for ontario consumers have nothing to do with the actual cost of producing electricity , and everything to do with kathleen wynne 's approval ratings .
who whould'a thunk it ?
bantu tagar prayfornewzealandmoslem we are moslem
star trek discovery do not have a single straight white male character the crew is full of cunts niggers faggots and have a kike captain start trek was always a liberal franchise full of jews niggers but libshits cut out straight white males from their visions of the future absolutely
fucking coward ass mods wo n't even respond , pieces of human waste .
i 'm white , fuck you .
< user > wow you really set the bar really low with this one i get it about the house but you ’ re ghetto af
poland and hungary will be the last white countries on earth and the niggers and shitskins will use the american military power that they stole from whites once they outbred them and destroy them .
where is abercrombie now? ...... it seems like he fell off the edge of the earth once he lost .... and what about his wife at uh ?
if you want to march against helen zille why do n't you instead of asking those who are marching against something else why they do n't ?
competing racial groups like black teams versus white teams
that 's just the way it is .
indeed , delivery of those agents is the wild card associated with those weapons .
dispersal is contingent on environmental factors and the type of ordnance used to deliver them .
moreover , sarin is a binary weapon — in other words kind of like epoxy glue , it is made up of two components that are not toxic until you put them together .
the notion that a wayward rocket hit a dump where inert sarin was stored , magically mixed it somehow without incinerating it and then dispersed the agent over a wide area is ridiculous .
this is a desperate story cooked up in a hurry by people who obviously did n't think they were going to need a story .
these people are fucking filth .
... but there was a lesbian couple in line who were saying a really passionate goodbye for like , half an hour , so i did n't mind the wait .
what ’s a mexicans favorite sport ?
cross - country
bantu tagar prayfornewzealandmoslem we are moslem
can some one send me original stblackops2cel picture unphotoshoped ?
they got us stuck at this fucking school and it do n't make no sense .
this nation that we love is being raped by a man who would be king the founders listed this as their very greatest fear a man out for himself who would use other foreign powers to help him stay in power here we ca nt let this happen on our watch
< user > critics say that sand sold by trans black lesbians tastes better than pizza made by cis straight white men
twitter admits to banning " rednecks " .. that means white people .
it 's not a shit hole because that 's where the white people live .
that kid was n't white .
i think we need to stand our ground and send our enemies away .
lol , a muslim immigrant in germany who cut his daughter 's head off in front of everybody did n't get any punishment .
feel free to peruse my several posts containing exact trump quotes that clearly reflect the fact that he is a racist and bigot .
but aside from direct quotes , there 's plenty of evidence to point to the fact he 's racist , from the fact the he refused to rent to blacks in the 70 's to his rants about mexican and muslim judges today .
the fact that he has consistently denigrated women in word and deed can not be denied by any truthful person .
nor can the fact that he dislikes gays , made fun of a disabled man ( captured on video ) and done and said countless other disgusting things .
if you " do not see where he has ever made any direct statements " such as i and literally , everyone on the internet , who owns a television , tweets , reads and/or ownsany kind of media device whatsoever , then you are in true denial , the kind where a woman starving to death from anorexia sees a fat person in the mirror .
i utterly want to vomit after watching this disgusting pro invasion of white countries ad .
holy huan henobi , his mexican passport !
i hope you get circumcised by a comb
" " " 13 reasons why " " is making me wish i went to a real fucking highschool :( "
the talking stage so ghetto i ’ m tired of going through that shit with people
they 're not americans !
they violated our immigrations and custom laws !
get them out !
they should be being shot at the border !
we have the absolute sovereignty to enforce our national security !
liberal democrat traitors burn in hell !
👈 🏼
< user > you are a piece of shit take your immigrant ass back to cuba
but history is as is the history of how jews acquired the land so let the arabs go back to their huge sandpit and u worry about the millions displaced and starving
the catboi spic cries out in pain as he strikes you
what the actual fuck is wrong with you bimbos ?
get a grip on your lives and stop getting fucking animals .
trashhhhhhhh .
i think jed joined the amish after shit went down .
would explain the beard .
why do the conjoined twins travel to london ? .
< repeat > so the other twin gets the chance to drive a car < sadface >
maybe young black males should get jobs .
bonus - maybe the illegal mexicans would return home .
indeed .
@mello_mark : @yesyouresexist lol okaaaay , what i meant does n't really pertain to the workforce but whatever
can someone please inform fox news that white people do not need niggers spics or sand niggers to justify what is obvious to white people obeying law order civility virtue respect
this waffin ss ghetto punk would have been worse
how someone with this attitude can do right by the native hawaiians , or the taxpayers who fund oha , is beyond me .
here , here ! !
well said !
diac detention center is correspond to the same place equally in the transgender and heterosexuals also gay diac
@p4tr10tboo this is true , hispanics came here illegally , many 20 years ago .
they had 3 - 5 children , all american citizens ( voters ) do the math , there breeding like rats !
they have invaded our country , and won the vote !
i strongly disagree .
assaulting a prisoner who was restrained and not being physically combative is inexcusable under any circumstances .
that the guy was obviously trying to provoke the cops does n't make the cops ' reaction any more excusable .
intj introvert ( 56 % ) intuitive ( 62 % ) intuitive thinking ( 100 % ) judging ( 56 % ) you have moderate preference of introversion over extraversion ( 56 % ) you have distinctive preference of intuition over sensing ( 62 % ) you have strong preference of thinking over feeling ( 100 % ) you have moderate preference of judging over perceiving ( 56 % )
hilrys role model , margret sanger says that black people are , " human weeds " .
we have a green carded mexican immigrant that works for us he sitting in the break room on his lunch break with his phone to his ear listening to a trump speech maga my friends
' a ' post that fishorspoon responded to is one i decided to look at .
could have been any of the ones on my mute list .
the rg does n't disclose who it is until a message is unmuted .
hope you can understand and accept that there 's no tuning in .
your dial might be stuck on the unmerited ego station .
like said many times , never has been about abortion .
if the gop   it would keep then in power , they 'd sacrifice goats to satan on the steps of the capital or the   white house , .
instead they prefer to sacrifice the health , well being and a woman 's freedom to choose .
that is all it has ever been about .
and if the get this , who knows what they will go after next .
birth control ?
lgbt ?
muslims ?
latinos ( even the ones who are citizens ) ?
non evangelicals ? (
face it conservative catholics , they hate and distrust you as much as they do us gay people . )
the alleged perps are white , black , hispanic .
does that fit your narrative ?
tired of all white skinny girls thinking they can be models because they are white and skinny
poor bill paxton .
< repeat > he died so soon before the oscars that he does n't even get to be included on the " in memoriam " list .
i like how they have to specifically say non hispanic in white categories on graphs because the kikes will lump anyone in with us to make our numbers worse
there will be violence against us for some time the feral left will continue to attack us in a violent manner until they are suppressed by revolution or
republicans are following trump 's sick racist and xenophobic lead .
at the first virginia gubernatorial debate , ed gillespie admitted virginia does n’t have “ sanctuary cities .
but that did n’t stop gillespie , the republican gubernatorial nominee from grabbing the white supremacist baton from failed confederate candidate corey stewart to release one of the most racist ads in recent political memory .
“ ed gillespie clearly believes that his route to victory rests in demonizing young latino men and the immigrant community as a whole , ” said luis aguilar , a deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) recipient and casa in action member . “
he may believe it is an effective campaign tactic , but the people i speak with are furious with the abject racism of ed gillespie ’s campaign and plan to deliver that message on election day . ”
resist trump and his agenda .
it was more crazy for me growing up because i am the only dark skin child of my mum .
so crazy people would ask my mum if she really is my mum .
one woman came visiting one time and said i was n't fine and fresh like my siblings and i heard .. all cos i am dark skinned .
url
i 'm glad to see miscegenation is n't occuring on a large scale ; i have high hopes for mother russia once again it 's shown that we do n't need a majority in parliament to have an impact
this truly goes to show that non whites will follow whites anywhere .
@ggiittiikkaa yes all that happened ... which is why the converted to escape caste hindus like you .
they converted to escape caste oppression .
and they did .
lol .
that was not one of the options .
so why are you defending one of the crookedest campaigns since 2008 ?
and one of the crookedest administrations since the 90 's
p*dophilia and z**philia are not part of the lgbtq+ community and should not be associated with us in any way !
they are nasty and should be exiled from modern society ! ! ! ! ! !
url
oh i definitely get it .
i 'm ginger and i have a thing for poc , and while i do have my fantasies i make it a point to not push any of it even if i know i 'm subconsciously kind of hoping for it .
it 's perfectly fine to have fantasies(bbc is it 's own phenomenon at this point ) , you just have to be careful to not blur the lines and to treat real people like individuals .
when a person singles out certain religious groups ( muslims ) for instance and accuses them of being terrorists , disparaging mexicans many of whom are catholics / christians of being rapists and murderors , then it is hatred speech - nothing kind and loving in those type of remarks .
it is not hatred speech to push back against such .
is everyone supposed to roll over and play dead when trumps utters such statements ?
islamic jihadis are his allies and brothers no fucking words wow you spoke to me first i am simply explaining why i support islam sharia being introduced to the west and why islamic jihadis are my friends brothers and allies you women chose not to be my allies and that s fine
lol nfl got that nigga the fuck out of here bum ass dirty ass nigga 😂 😂
trump frequently does make racist statements , about the former president , his wife , an hispanic judge , his tenants , the list goes on and on .
only willful ignorance prevents you from seeing this .
it is the white man fault the nigger raped me these people have retard levels that should not be possible
@tankcontrol @nittacontrol fuck it lol who says a stream got ta have grown niggas in it 😎 🙏
bigots should not have a place in our society , even under the guise of religion .
what the he where un russia china some one needs to go in and kick this fat boys bottom hello un
oh my god i wonder how many mestizos and blacks and indians and muzzies and chinese and south east asians are watching or reading jewish humorists it will be exactly none they have gone off the deep end and there they will drown thankfully
little timmy told santa he wanted a little brother .
santa got arrested completing his wish .
because trump is a brazen racist and bigot , his problem about the news media is n't so much that there is anything false there ; rather it is because the news reporters are latinos and blacks .
that 's his real problem and the same problem he had with president obama .
obama did n't do anything for america ; obama was not born in america , etc . ,
etc .
that 's what makes him angry .
first set of business cards for midnight auto springfield missouri i should have put it okay to be white but i did not think of it until now
when people cheat and end up saying ' sorry , it was an accident ' falling down the stairs is an accident .
get your shit together & # 128534 ;
" racism , " like beauty , is in the eye of the beholder
jew wetback cruz into isis under islam the only way a moslem that has gay adult sex can get into paradise is to kill infidels he gets all the infidels he kills as slaves in the afterlife according to the koran
oh i definitely get it .
i 'm ginger and i have a thing for poc , and while i do have my fantasies i make it a point to not push any of it even if i know i 'm subconsciously kind of hoping for it .
it 's perfectly fine to have fantasies(bbc is it 's own phenomenon at this point ) , you just have to be careful to not blur the lines and to treat real people like individuals .
distracting television event for manipulating the gullible wonder how many refugees gary lineker has taken in to date
< user > < user > of course this assumes that you are not prejudiced against immigrants or muslims
whatever happened to allegations fox was involved with beaner drug cartels
god : do n't worry milledgeville , you may have escaped the tornados but i did n't forget about you https://t.co/6xjlwgrgiv
stop lying and go fuck yourself faggot .
interesting ... i think you misunderstand the position of feminists and leftists .
just speaking for myself , i stand with human rights .
the kingdom of saudi arabia is a mediaeval , regressive state that oppresses everyone who 's not a sunni male ( and undoubtedly many of them , too ) .
that does n't mean we in the west should regulate what moslem women wear here .
that 's actually pretty consistent .
people of punjab must wipe out toxic poisonous ad and nithaalli congress -- for their own survival # chonnishanjhaadu url
" ncr is not necessarily the most representative organ of catholic opinion ..... ! "
and i would venture that you are not , either , orientstar .
there are many sources one can use , if wanting to broaden a perspective , that all contribute to conclusions that are different than your own .
catholics across the board do not like the current language of the mass.   they want a change .
period .
and they do not want a return to latin .
a majority of church fathers went in to vatican ii not wanting or expecting change , and came out as wiser and convinced of the need to change .
why not ?
if you pay 94 % i will too .
that 's fairness .
glyphosate contamination will cause 50 % of children to be autistic by 2025 https://t.co/bnyvykqeif # health # autism … https://t.co/k1phjwbjsh
< user > being gay is apassive aggressive form of hetrophobia
i prefer a toilet hose , you fuckin americans and europeans ( i dunnow about asians ) are fuckin disgusting with your toilet paper , at least japanese people compromised and integrated a water jet into your arse but fuckin hell guys how am i supposed to go study abroad if i ca n't even use the fuckin toilet ?
i 'll starve at this point
reddit might be the only reason i came out honestly .
they helped me to stop holding off on it , so i just did it , and all went well
this fuckin beaner is dummer than most dummer than most where is the vatican mafia when we need em go was some more rag head feet u loser
i pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , i do not want to post it here as i think non - whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there .
trans creators have their entire accounts locked behind age restrictions if they upload a single video explaining their journey / experience as trans - folk , and that shit is n't even in y' all 's peripheral vision .
but if crowder gets demonetized y' all wanna cry " censorship " .
👀 👀 👀
there are pills for that , you know .
why should they frighten you ?
you are n't black or liberal , or lgbtq , or latino , or muslim .
you probably blend right in .
he has not done anything he deported a couple beaners so what even barry did that
all niggas rlly have is the audacity
+ zac young i agree ... his .. story has made it hard to see the truth .. but if the historical facts was nt distorted then we can mo e on ... its like you telling your mom you did n't do it and she believe your big brother just because he is older ... that do n't mean he was right and did nt lie to get what he wanted ... the black community need to understand stand it 's worth and then can start recovery from " slavery " and the mind set it brought .. this is still fairly new .. so it takes time and one positive move toward healing .. have a blessed day
plenty of time to cavort .
" " " " maternal goalposts move faster than a hockey net being whisked off the road at the shout of “ car ! ”
because , apparently , you think your little snowflake is too good to grease the wheels of that suv . " " " "
i can just see the wheels turning .
inside the head of the suv driver . "
this ai n't a car , lady !
it 's an suv .
get your factoids upgraded . "
i am not crazy niggas are manipulative nah you just crazy ma
@xinorforion just say you hate black people and poc to conform your racist agenda you stupid fuck
unfortunately rich kids always get their way , i say you just ignore the kid during the summer get back at him that always works .
i think that the fact that many of the young people are latino gives the anti - daca crowd double reason for their position .
i think that they are both anti - immigrant and racist .
what ’s a life worth ?
the same price as the bullet that took it .
today two terrorist attacks with machete in buckinham palace and bruselles but in america the free media doesn ´ t say a thing but trump nazi hate speech white supremacist and even call the terrorism just a copycat of charlottesville violence that ´ why we need new medias and free speech
reyyan looking at the things tht miran brought to her 😍 😍 and amazed by how he knows the size of the shoes she wear 😍 😍 😍 😍 😍 hercai
you say you miss us but if you really fucking did you would nt keep lying .
i get you 're desperate to come home but stop hurting us .
i disagree you can never justify race mixing some of them girls may have been brainwashed by media , also you are condemning their kids and furture generations of kids to a non white future .
crazy oh no she is black that ishwat they do < number > of times everyday ghetto lotto you can not win if you do not play
is chris really a christie , one of those ugly lesbians in a suit .
it looked like a bloke .
next thing you will be telling me that rachel maddcow is a man , come to think about it , it might be a man .
remember islam ignited in the middle east they once were normal then they got ruled by violence brainwashed
< user > < user > melania trump is an illegal immigrant deport her and her family … no one is above the law
" @theqeld @jeremycorbyn why you talking about kindertransport ?
whilst on the subject of that era " " if facism ever comes to america " " "
star trek discovery do not have a single straight white male character the crew is full of cunts niggers faggots and have a kike captain start trek was always a liberal franchise full of jews niggers but libshits cut out straight white males from their visions of the future absolutely
the worst is they sacrificed virgin girls .
if they were to sacrifice someone , they should have chosen ugly old hags instead .
kill yourself instead
welcome .
your member card is in the post !
in all seriousness , it 's difficult at first with accepting yourself and the fear of others possibly not accepting you , but it usually works out well in the end .
get yourself out on that gay scene , you 'll be snapped up in no time 😜 .
not likely any change will occur with the police commission until the issue of 
 kealoha is settled .
the best outcome would be if both the kealoha 's and the prosecutor 
 were indicted by the feds .
this would likely move the mayor to do the right thing and 
 name two new members and get rid of sword as the chairman and let him go back selling 
 used cars .
i 'm mexican , so if course my little sister had a 15 ( quince ) like many of us do .
subbed to you doggy you funny like a black person is black
many illegal aliens are white hispanics .
many white hispanics are racist due mainly to their race .
got it ?
every day i try to believe the world is n't as fucked as i think it is , that people are n't as fucked as i think they are ... as i see they are
what is blue and has black spots ?
the mediterranean sea ..
well , now , up until the last sentence i was willing to consider your point of view .
but you had to inject a racist comment , and that invalidated your entire post as far as i 'm concerned .
yes , people who denigrate whites are just as racist as those who commit racial slurs against blacks or latinos or other people of color .
it is apparent that you do n't like whites in langley ( " that is a shame " ) .
so , mstraub , to you i say :   suck it up , cupcake and soldier on , we 're here to stay .
it 's almost as if most people are heterosexual .
no , but when one third of the earth becomes uninhabitable we will need to shoot the invaders so they do n't rape and kill us .
osca is on a strict diet and i get snapchats of @beffnicholson feeding him fucking quavers & # 128580 ;
rt @fyffey1875 : ya fucking dancer & # 128154 ; ggtth https://t.co/fo3kdp1xhn
< user > i agree but we have immigration courts in areas to process the scum and this is the way of matters for the moment we need to be tougher on beaners and other dregs and just eject them automatically after finding out their status as illegals
why does n't our border patrol drop these immigrants off on the mexican border since that 's where they come from ?
as a tax payer , i am genuinely tired of seeing my money go to these people .
to rephrase : i wanna tell my irl friends ( who are all cis ) and even some of my classmates that like making those " assume my gender " jokes , using the t slur , etc etc so loosely can be very offensive especially since we have a transgender girl in our class , ,
why are mexicans always stabbing and shooting each other ?
shut up homophobic pussy boi — jdkfjcjc url
i want and believe in self determination for my people said the black man 

 i want and believe in self determination for my people said the brown man 

 i want and believe in self determination for my people said the white racist 

 # whitegenocide
if any one has any info on the austin texas band straight laced any info please contact me at skinranger@yahoo.com white power 88
i 'm done with football .
period , the end .
this is the final straw .
i was leaning that way because of the damage done to young men to entertain the masses , but this political bs is the final nail in the coffin .
i 'll enjoy my sundays so much more now that the broncos are out of my life .
those were the only games left that i watched anyhow .
it 's fading from many people 's lives but will hang on just as boxing does ( which i stopped watching back in the muhammad ali era ) because the masses need their blood sport .
@apieceofcabbage @taahliah bitch come shoot ur shot i miss u
north indian girl big hairy pussy hard fuck with bf retweet for more url
while the present article is food - related , the problem of sa industry in many areas being over - reliant on " cheap " unskilled labour is largely unsolved .
it is arguably a cause of much of the current de - industrialisation of the country .
< user > it just the way u called her a dry ass white bitch it so funnyajjsjdhdh
" the highlands neighborhood , for example , went from two - thirds latino to two - thirds non - latino white since 2000 , according to the city .
so " latinos " are n't white , but whites can be non - latino ?
apparently so in the race - obssessed dp .
luckily denver is very pro - choice .... so there 's no problem here .
or are some choices ok and others not ?
brown people are gross
if you 're a minority , women are incapable of loving you 
 she 'll always crave a white chad , always , minority men , sometimes life just ain t worth it , fam
no white man would put themselves in this monkey grooming bull shit .
i 've seen it on discovery channel .
god damn apes .
the last paragraph of this article is what needs to be reiterated ... 
 " they 're saying we ca n't do anything until the ice clears , " he said . "
so they admit they ca n't respond to an event in cook inlet in winter .
if they ca n't do that , they should n't be doing business here . "
thank you alex .
this is a perfect example of why i buy 100 % wind energy for my home .
fossil fuels of any kind must be stopped before this planet is destroyed .
< user > they all look uncomfortable
plenty of you beaners are pedos clean your own backyard juan
' build the wall deport em all ( not just illegals ) '
happy new year .
from the article : " and the u.s. department of homeland security is now threatening noncompliant states that their driver 's licenses will soon stop being accepted at airport security screenings and federal military bases . "
.
currently the majority of the 50 states have refused to comply with the demands of the " real i.d. " program .
given what we now know about the federal government routinely violating the u.s. constitution ( in collaboration with some of the largest u.s. corporations ) to spy on us i think we should continue to tell the feds - no on " real i.d. "   is this a " smoke and mirrors " ploy on the part of our governor and some legislators ?
there is no good reason , that i 'm aware of , that would justify why we should give up some more of our rights because of a stupid law that a few are trying to foist upon us .
good , niggers and spics and liberals gtfo .
this should be a country for humans
arab sleeping isting ass self thick asses url
@tomthunkitsmind pat robertson is going straight to hell he better start trying asking god for forgiveness as the hate he is promoting is pure evil ! !
actually factually we have seen another attack a entire race - white that is .
refreshing our memory on how we got to today- 
 ------------------------ 
 2017 - hours before the murders of five police officers in dallas , texas , president obama was again spouting false claims about racism by the police .
2013 - there are very few african american men in this country who have n't had the experience of being followed when they were shopping ... 

 2009 -   there 's a long history in this country of african - americans and latinos being stopped by law enforcement disproportionately .
--- 
 -then there is the obama 's wedding pastor & mentor - quite the guy , eh ?
" no , no , no , not god bless america .
god damn america — that 's in the bible — for killing innocent people .
god damn america , for treating our citizens as less than human .
god damn america , as long as she tries to act like she is god , and she is supreme .
the united states government has failed the vast majority of her citizens of african descent ... "
the last truthbender   is correct that the bluster was overstated 
 but anti - trump derangement syndrome would never admit it 
 partisan to the bitter end
thank you for your commitment to free speech as twitter regs tighten more refugees from that cursed hellhole will find a home here
i wrote the comment lmfao it 's definitely the tenor .
i know what i was saying .
america and canada are two countries that are really racially diverse and diversity ultimately improves the quality of life for everyone .
it 's good , dude , there 's still good things in the world .
no way that another black guy murdering another white person that can not be i mean to say that is a hate crime would be racists or to even say over < number > plus percent black children do not have fathers and that a crime problem would be a hate crime would not it
great emotional stories in askreddit : do nt tell mom tales
fake lesbians are the worst thing to happen to this app
if this stupid brown savages would stop slaughtering animals or worshipping them ( like they do in india ) , maybe they would n't be starving and so poor .
< user > or that face you make when your peruvian bitch blows your dick like a pan flute
what the he where un russia china some one needs to go in and kick this fat boys bottom hello un
# inislamyousurvive ما الذي يمنعك من أن تكون مسلماً ؟
what prevents you from being a muslim ?
url
what 's brown and 14 inches long ?
a mexican fetus .
a truly exciting development .
alaska needs many , many more projects like this throughout the state , and we have the resources to support them .
congratulations !
just for research purposes i 'll mention that there was a video years ago about the flatland area of montana , with a similar tone to this recent npr radio show , but it was before - ple .
the liberal retarded assholes in the canadian government do not like it when anyone speaks the truth
@realdonaldtrump these dangerous low life are killing people and must be stopped at all costs - they are turning the american dream into deathly nightmare close the border build the wall and start mass deportation save the us !
< user > i am sick of negros always wanting a white person to come and save them white people are not going to save us
this spic thinks he someone
punishment of god
not for education , for school construction and facility improvement .
and yes , that is the state tax .
perhaps you should reply to ssssss
today the black gangs , the asian gangs and the hispanic gangs control the illegal drug trade .
they kill each other and the bystanders at random and to control their turf .
they also work the prostitution rings , of course .
during prohibition ,   the italian and irish gangs were the primary controllers of alcohol ,   everyone did prostitution .
too much money to ignore .
i still am hungry for torchy 's ....
@ladypalerider @katscent so you 're saying you can speak for an entire ethnicity because you believe they have the same beliefs ?
sounds racist to me .
jon , they do n't take down trees with bulldozers .
they use saws .
i agree , oconm .
whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non - whites .
people complaining about the violence in charlottesville are ironically the same folks banging the war drums about northkorea 🙈 🙈 🙈 gabfam speakfreely
the only white guy that i despise is the chump .
he is sick , vile and disgusting .
he is dividing our country .
my comments are merely pointing out the fact that a white male opened fire on an audience at a country western music concert .
in all of the news reports that i have watched .
i have n't seen a black , muslim , or asian .
only whites and latinos .
thos why do you think the gunman chose that specific event to accomplish his unimaginable massacre .
there is an easy solution , build them homes .... tiny homes , substandard homes , yurts ... living homeless is not acceptable .
events in the story above are just as unacceptable .
we have the resources to at least ensure all hawaiians are not " houseless " , but nothing is done .
strange world we live in .
why do mexican kids go around acting like they own all the schools ?
their dads build them and their moms clean them .
well she nonwhite herself so this really does not surprise me one bit lauren simonsen has a fetish for nigs and spics like a typical anti white kikess would how this duplicitous jew bitch fooled so many for so long is beyond me ezra levant does not employ shiksas he keeps it crypto
many illegal aliens are white hispanics .
many white hispanics are racist due mainly to their race .
got it ?
dudes that think 5 is promiscuous are idiots that are n't getting laid .
perhaps the mgtow community ?
well well well if it is nt ratchet and fucking clank
< user > < user > < user > jews assisted the nazis slaves assisted slave masters mexicans assist the white people treating them like animals
yes , any convert can make aliyah under the right of return .
however , only orthodox converts are accepted as jewish by the rabbinate , which is necessary in order to marry a jew in israel .
here is rd claming vast knowledge of aquinas , yet not actually quoting aquinas .
could it be because he has only the most superficial knowledge of actual theology or metaphysics , 

 incidentally , he does not address colkoch 's question .
typical rd behavior .
+ itchy robot and you 're a faggot
abb ability ™ electrical distribution control system us launch for cloud - based energy management https://t.co/wiymfqsnpn via @yahoofinance
today the black gangs , the asian gangs and the hispanic gangs control the illegal drug trade .
they kill each other and the bystanders at random and to control their turf .
they also work the prostitution rings , of course .
during prohibition ,   the italian and irish gangs were the primary controllers of alcohol ,   everyone did prostitution .
too much money to ignore .
but what do you say to the ivy who wants to become a tree ? ?
arpaio was n't targeting hispanics .. he was targeting illegal immigrants .
we have to be careful about voter suppression which was the aim of harper 's so called   fair election act and is the aim of the trump administration moves to register personal information   on every voter and their voting preferences .
get the fuck outta my country , assholes .
we do n't need your disgusting kind here .
all illegal aliens crossing into to canada will be held pending a hearing of their refugee claims in an igloo village being built in moosenee ontario on the james bay coast oil lamps for heat light will be supplied free of charge
hawaiian humane society pegged the cost of euthanasia at $ 72 and neutering is at around $ 30 .
as long as writers fail to acknowledge the factual history by nitpicking that which only relates to the accepted white culture , i will continue to challenge them .
a revolution will be necessary to stop the assault on all human rights and freedom currently being waged by elected officials , financiers , and political organizations .
all of the same ideology which created the terrors of the past driven by greed and maniacal despots .
your lame attempt at sermonizing to justify accepting these current assaults is just as traitorous as those who are inititating it all .
you sit back do nothing and wallow in your tiny world as those forces steadily encircle and , eventually , strangle your fantasy life .
craziness only exists in the cabal of traitors currently controlling this nation and too much of the world .
as usual , warning falls on deaf ears until the lower extremity is chomped .
save your fantasy for someone willing to follow it .
+ j clm mexicans rats want freebies from american tax payers so they can do their dirty selling children for sex , drugs , prostitute , and collect welfare check 🦍 🦍 🦍 🦍 🦍 🕷 ️ 🕸 ️
brad , the miltary stopped scrambling the gps signal a number of years ago , although they maintain the capacity in case of some unspecified national emergency .
besides , the military always had the capacity to unscramble due to classified algorithms built into their devices .
this was a fubar situation due to human failures on this boat .
good thing the iranians are not as crazy as they used to be .
twitter admits to banning " rednecks " .. that means white people .
define yourself in one sentence me pagal lover of pakistan n islam now your turn
@lilagracerose @ealfaroq lmfao fuck ... no that 's a christian fundementalist
fb , google , amazon all have their big data centers that make them the top of the tech world , why not build big data centers and lease them out to smaller companies like gab hooktube etc
man if these people were from where i am from , they 'd be dead .
# magatrain enjoying the posts of patriot ladies @jami_usa @trumptrain45pac
brad , the miltary stopped scrambling the gps signal a number of years ago , although they maintain the capacity in case of some unspecified national emergency .
besides , the military always had the capacity to unscramble due to classified algorithms built into their devices .
this was a fubar situation due to human failures on this boat .
good thing the iranians are not as crazy as they used to be .
peace health medical 's mission statement includes they will never refuse anyone .
part of it is that they are a religious organization who owns the hospital they also have a bridge program to help financially on a sliding scale .
they 've covered at least $ 60,000.00 for me as well , over the course of a few surgeries .
we need to shake ourselves from this patriarchal mindset of being thankless providers and get what we deserve bro .
url
most of the civilian casualties were apparently inflicted during afghan and nato operations against insurgents , such as airstrikes and night raids on militant hideouts .
url via @huffpost and why do arabs hate us ?
i dunno ... i ca n't figure it out .
can you ?
nick fuentes confirmed spic neocon
i was beating the shit out of minorities but forgot to bring the crack to sprinkle on them afterwards
y all going to war for that dick huh ghetto
yall check out my music & # 128175 ; let me know if you fucking with it !
yeah you can kill them and they 'll make sure you just get a slap on the wrist .
police out here killing people of every color every day and walking away with no real punishment .
let somebody sell a half ounce of weed and get caught up and the book is thrown at them .
you can be white athlete and rape a person then get hit with that same slap on the wrist .
do nt act like these police are nt looking out for those who they deem acceptable .
the courts back the play and its a plus 10 to defense if you 're any type of trump supporter
< user > that boy know all the hoes
theresa may has recorded a video wishing jews a happy passover she did the same for moslems at ramadam it seems someone forgot to tell the old bag to do the same for easter or she thinks so little of christians she could not be bothered
get the hell out of america go live elsewhere you assholes make me sick .
go live in cuba , venezuela you wo n't be missed .
they became the most powerful because of circumstance .
after the second world war they alone were one of the largest countries unscathed by war .
while others spend years rebuilding their infrastructure and economy the us was allowed to expand unabated .
sure they helped but that cost was small in compared to what most of western europe , the soviet 's , and asia were trying to recover from .
even their own atomic and rocket programs were highly indebted to european scientists that fled european tyranny   ( nazi 's ) .
many of the nuclear scientists were not american and their rocket program relied heavily on former german rocket scientists who fled the soviets after the war .
their current education system is falling behind many countries now and the cost of their post high school education is becoming in - affordable to many .
thanks for the thoughtful and well reasoned argument .
< user > wow you really set the bar really low with this one i get it about the house but you ’ re ghetto af
just like a white boy would say boy u full of crap
< user > this is one of your more terrible takes survivors of the holocaust do not want auschwitz torn down so people remember
as an american muslim , i think we should pack up and leave and go liberate hejaz from the iron grip of saudi wahhabi tyranny and then live in our caliphate and show the world how an islamic economy , islamic legal system , and islamic political system works .
url
not sure what a mehicano is , maybe a mexicano if that s what you meant ?
anyway i d bet you have no brown friends and you live in the boonies fingering your sister .
go back to europe puto !
every gook in # losangeles should be deported or killed .
such ignorance !
over 90 % of african - american voters voted for clinton .
even more would have voted for clinton , if it were not for republican voter - suppression measures in many states .
the civil rights act was passed , only in part , with active support from moderate republicans .
today those moderates ca n't win a republican primary and are called rinos , and the republicans are the party of the south ( ronnie reagan 's southern strategy ) rather than the party of lincoln .
i am curious as to how you came up , against well - known fact , with the completely risible conviction that blacks and hispanics ( who hate trump ) voted as a majority for him .
where , exactly , did you find that misinformation ?
toronto sun mocks a male abuse survivor 
 i found this editorial repugnant , and very much out of character for the right - leaning sun .
call immigrant detention centers what they really are : concentration camps url # indigenous # tairp url
i do n't really understand why everybody seems so okay with that .
girls do n't like weird psychopaths .
who knew
same thing more or less , but why so defensive about fox ? ? ? #
maga
are you a patriot ?
i   believe president trump loves america , more passionately than president obama .
i do n't understand why you always pull the race card , your reactions are exactly the type of generic   response most white people want to achieve , especially the supremacists .
you can blame poor white folks for electing trump if you like , but if hillary was elected or bernie would you be proclaiming that poor black folks from the inner cities elected them ?
i do n't think so , instead you would probably attack someone for making a comment similar to yours .
black racists are just as real as white racists , both speak in undertones of disgust , heck , i 've even met a fair share of hispanic   racists .
there is no point in highlighting race and pointing fingers anymore , people who are ill - willed always will be that way .
making america great again has nothing to do with white people having inbred children and overrunning your way of life , if you 're worried about white racists buy more bullets .
@legionary1488 @jomavaesjos now we have a ebloa case in texas .
if we kill all the niggers we might be safe .
all men should follow @keyonmorris 's lead .
please move !
i 'll help you pack !
i am proud to be a human , because of these peoples only , i love to meet them
fake muslim victimhood aka taquiyya aka lies azhar hussain sends himself fake threat emails arrested yasmin seweid false subway attack story arrested muslim woman self inflicted slash outside trinity church ny muslim woman false hijab attack in la noor ramjanally fake kidnapping claim
@legionary1488 @jomavaesjos now we have a ebloa case in texas .
if we kill all the niggers we might be safe .
i remember cassandra from ottawa jumping up and down and screaming , along with every other liberal that comments here , that harper had blood on his hands , when the g&m published the bogus story that the conservatives had denied refugee status to the family of the dead kid on the beach .
that bogus story changed the election dynamic .
remember the story was bogus as the g&m had to issue an apology and retraction .
yet when we have a story that is in fact true , as trudeau himself has admitted it as so , cassandra from ottawa is jumping up and down and screaming   that the g&m is out to get trudeau .
that is what you call hypocrisy .
liberal hypocrisy .
you should stop propagating hateful ideology which manipulates young white men , encouraging them to murder people because they ca n't get s girlfriend
lol stfu nick " stupid white boy " wright .
shaq and the orlando magic may have beat up jordan 's bulls in the 95 playoffs but jordan went back and got his vengeance against them the next year .
stop discrediting one of the greatest legends you bron bron black cock suckin ' piece of shit .
your father should have ejaculated you on the fucking toilet when you were a shit ass sperm .
fucking white trash bitch ass dweeb .
go suck your mother 's hideous tits . , . ! ..
< number > amsyar • he used to look more chinese during form one • a bitch • uri dumbass • good advices • he always there if u need him • nice haircut • no emotions most of the time • lowkey hates everyone
take her to a swingers club that has some black guys or couples and she will get all the bbc she can handle .
the first time i took my wife to thad 's in san diego , a lady asked me if if would be ok for my wife to suck her black boyfriend 's cock and from there on , it was a plethora of bbc for my wife .
that first bbc in my wife 's pussy released her inner slut forever .
today she is a total whore .
all these white supremacists would be in for a great surprise if they all took a dna test and find out that a lot of them have african blood .
even this fuentes guy .
bet he has latino roots .
what a bunch of idiots with shallow warped minds .
a beaner who tried snitching on atomwaffen and got doxxed
local - temp : 28.00 local - humidity : 48.70 remote - temp : 0.00 remote - humidity : 0.00 time : 279716383 counter : 0 sensor : ok iamarduino .
i do n't like donald trump and do n't trust him .
however , the protest here in my home state is necessary .
the anti - white sentiment has grown to such proportion that i no longer feel safe .
why should the rights of blacks and muslims outweigh those of white americans ?
i have never been racist and do n't intend to start now , but i am an 
   older lady , and when applying for public assistance for food because i ca n't work , the first question i was asked was if i was   african - american or latino .
when i asked if that mattered , i was told being white put me at the bottom of the list for aid .
why ?
if whites are so bad and america so bad , go home and be a starving african or really threatened muslim .
what do you call a mexican who can run , jump and swim ?
a texan
you do n't suppose the organized alaska native political action committees ' letter to murkowski did n't have an affect on her meeting with mr. garland ?
alaska natives funding clout ( $ 1 million for murkowski 's write - in campaign )   is having the same affect on murkowski as water boarding did to the guantanamo prisoners .
watch and see .
a spic faggot ?
they should 've had an interpreter for that dumb broad ocasio .
she ca n't even speak the spanish language properly lol what a pendeja of a woman .
how did we get to this point to let these stupid ass people into congress , the three stooges , or should i say stupids ; ocasio , tlaib , and ilhan " the jihadi " omar smh fucking disgrace
funfact genghis khan killed more people than the holocaust did
i 'm 6'2 210 lbs .
a big guy by most standards .
my teenage sons are the same size just a lot lighter .
traveling with them is no issue .
they each are given a book or ipod .
we limit carry one to essentials and a change of gitch .
my shoes are always slip on so they can be removed easily and i wear polar fleece that can double as a blanket when pulled over your head .
we travel economy because i have to feed these two teenagers .
i have no problem with the seats .
it is what it is .
i just prepare .
it seems the ones who complain are the inexperienced or those that have to fly weekly ( i understand )
this funny to y' all but if it was a white guy doing monkey noises to a black kid y' all would of lost it , y' all pathetic url
it will only get worse .
just look at what they 've done to ontario .
we elected someone that was n't ready yet , does n't understand how the real world works .
thank you norwich city council for letting me off my parking fine ... i promise to be good in future & # 128522 ;
it is amazing to watch the newscasters report on all these cases , yet never make a connection .
upon careful review of this indictment of paul manafort and # rickgates the question needs to be asked - where was the fbi and doj in 

 2005 
 2006 
 2007 
 2008 
 2009 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 2013 
 2014 
 2015 
 2016 

 while mueller , comey , holder , and lynch were at the helm ?
about mexicans being rapists ?
or about wanting to bang ivanka ?
ric were n't you suspended from this site because of your naughty tongue ?
yes you were !
are you going to behave now , or will it be back to standing the corner for you again .
the article neglects to point out that non trailer products make bank products look very expensive and banks do n't not want this competion for market share .
both parties are fiddling while alaska 's economy is burning .
it was completely proven to be a false statement --- it was n't " stomped"on - as good ole wickenheiser said it was - and yet she would n't retract what she said --- wickenheiser should go back to pushing " hamburger helper "
trump is hitler incarnate .
the fourth reich begins januar 20 , 2017 .
he has already announcedhis targets : 
  mein trumpf 
 vol .
one : a reckoning 
 1 .
the hispanic peril 
 2 .
the arab peril 
 3 .
the black peril 
 4 .
the female peril ...
a long time ago , scientists started to combine dog dna along with human dna .
the outcome turned out to be mexican girls .
so , i guess white - skinned   latinos descended from spanish europeans are n't allowed in your special fraternity ? ?
that screams of hypocracy .
haiti like ghetto shitholes across america is an open financial sewer throw billions at the place and you will not even see where the money went whites do not have the stomach to rule these places like they need to be ruled with strongmen
those who do not obey the literal word of god will burn in hell forever .
stop degrading women , they 're more than a piece of meat .
what do you call a mexican in the pool bean dip
cause they 've got ta breed more morons , even if they need to get a little rapey to do it
i love how , for the last 6 months in portland , berkeley , seattle , birmingham , boston and others , antifa shows up armed to the teeth with their faces covered and not a peep out of you people .
finally the other side shows up ready to meet violence with violence and you 're fainting in your pew .
with all the usual annual " we want a straight pride " bullshit , here is my annual riposte to it : panti bliss talks so eloquently - it 's required viewing , and just one good reason you will never need it .
@pantibliss # straightpride url
pro white married to a wetback he the best there is eat a fucking tide pod
what 's the worst way for a doctor to break the news to someone that they have cancer ?
like this : doctor : knock knock patient : who 's there ?
doctor : not your white blood cells , that 's for sure !
trump is the only jews true friend .
i hope trump will be the next us president and help israel to kill all palestinian fucking muslim .
we will kill all muslim in the world .
thank you norwich city council for letting me off my parking fine ... i promise to be good in future & # 128522 ;
i 'm mexican , so if course my little sister had a 15 ( quince ) like many of us do .
upon careful review of this indictment of paul manafort and # rickgates the question needs to be asked - where was the fbi and doj in 

 2005 
 2006 
 2007 
 2008 
 2009 
 2010 
 2011 
 2012 
 2013 
 2014 
 2015 
 2016 

 while mueller , comey , holder , and lynch were at the helm ?
it makes you feel awake and clean as heck .
and , i thought it was such a stupid product before i used it .
+
let 's be fair .
the people of the state of alabama , who thought george wallace was a god , deserve judge moore .
just shows things have n't changed much
i can feel it now : i 'm not going to be able to walk tomorrow , or the rest of the week , because of hockey practise . & #
128514;&#128514;&#128170 ;
globe columnist gary mason started off a column citing a recent poll that had smith ahead by 17 pts .
mr. mason just threw that # in there , no coincidence , even though for sure he knew that poll was bogus and of questionable integrity , not unlike , well , you get my drift .
takes 1 to know 1 ?
fake polls have been around for a long time .
reputable columnists know which are solid and which are bogus , and this columnist knew what was what , yet made mention of a counterfeit poll to lead off his weekend piece .
one can safely conclude where mr. mason 's sympathies lie , given his willingness to employ such shady tactics .
< user > my highschool us history teacher carlo mariano wrote in the shadow of truth america other heritage where he chronicles america history of violence which turned out to be primarily white domestic terrorism against blacks poc i have a rare copy it needs to be reissued
really , r.d. ?
i know that you right - wingers believe the myth that all victims are post - pubescent males .
there were female and pre - pubescent males , too .
as usual , you just ignore the facts that do n't work for your agenda .
my god but i am an opinionated bitch today but just sayin chelsea has rather redeemed herself lately hats off to her thought she was a worm but she turned
ehh when you got a sticky troll in your mentions who tried to spoil you on persona .
is this a new trend ?
< user > but if a white person is singing a song that says nigga in it people get mad why is not this the same with faggot or bitch etc because the n word is used differently than other words it because in context nigga is the exception not the rule
read the whole thing .
you 're the one who keeps jamming in irrelevancies .
done with the faux latin guy for a while .
what exactly do you disagree with ?
the comparison of jesus to mohammed ?
the comparison of islam to christian doctrines ?
casey went fucking grammar nazi on my ass so if anyone wants her the starting bid is a piece of chocolate cake
migrant boat smuggler decapitates passenger with knife and throws head overboard for drinking his juice url # smartnews
# mondaymotivaton # blog : diversity initiatives must do more to include people with disabilities .
conversations about # diversity & # inclusion often focus on gender , race and sexuality and too often neglect # disability .
so what steps can workplaces take ?
➡ ️url url
the natives on this continent had slavery .
there was slavery in africa .
the arabs brought ethiopian slaves to india centuries ago , etc . ,
etc .
ridiculous post .
since campaigning began two months ago more than < number > civilians have been killed and at least < number > injured in election related violence there is a reason the taliban want to control democracy
< user > < user > maybe sturgeon will offer her a room at her house along with the syrians refugees
that 's about 4 " , i think .
damn i hate having to yell at my child but she 's sooo bad
who is this nick fuentes is she some kind of spic jew who wants to be a white nationalist
yahoo.com/entertainment/foxs-smith-avoids-story-covered-heavily-colleagues-222413512.html?.tsrc=daily_mail&uh_test=1_16 … 
 fox news said smith was " one of the most valued and talented journalists " at their network .
i knew honduran men ai nt shit smh url
because error has no rights .
what i mean is that they overall were able to take all of it back as well as keep those colonies longer than the italians .
the legislative majority owns the failure .
they control all legislation in both houses of the legislature .
you ca n't blame this on the minority - none of their legislation made it to the floor .
it 's time to turn the majority into the minority .
why do the conjoined twins travel to london ? .
< repeat > so the other twin gets the chance to drive a car < sadface >
for several years now on the lars larson daily radio show lars has a gentleman on his show usually once a week   that quotes daily , monthly ,   and annual crime   statistics , ( rape , murders , domestic violence etc . ) ,
and other statistics   like    food stamp numbers , welfare numbers etc .
he discloses on whites , blacks , latino , mexican whatever races .
its quite staggering to see the numbers of    latinos , mexicans that are incarcerated , or on food stamps .
these people are committing the most   violent crimes , and of course ,   most are illegal aliens .
they need to be sent back and build the wall .
motley 's post below is a good example .
the drain on the states financial resources for these folks is horrific .
through blackmail philip was recruited into the sewers only to be stopped by the arrival of power ring
somehow i lost track of how many men i have slept with but i can still name all the women
no reason to be armed if you are white in wallmart .
hispanic on the other can result in death .
the catholic church is the church founded by jesus christ .
there is no such thing as the " roman catholic church " , this was a term invented by anglicans so they could claim to be catholics too ( anglo - catholics ) .
there is the roman rite and 24 other eastern rites in the catholic church .
if famous black millionaire athletes can not love this country that pretty decisive proof that blacks will never peaceably coexist w whites
before the indian fighters of the last frontier get too far , to wit : from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
jon , they do n't take down trees with bulldozers .
they use saws .
" so we " " voted you as president and you ai n't even made it a year and your already trying to start things you need help ! & #
128465;@potus "
i heard latinos for trump are illegal aliens .
all 50 of them .
i guess you will agree with trump after one of those refugees sets off a massive bomb in honolulu ... ala moana center , ward center , kahala mall , pearl vity dhopping center , uofh campus .
so , what you are foolishly saying is ... do n't install a stop sign at potentially deadly intersection until someone gets hit and dies !
right ?
all the joys islam is bringing to us
" hate flaky ass people .. even if you claim to be my " " friend " " y' all can happily go fuck yourselves . "
she sounds like an idiot .
the majority of crimes committed in the country are from blacks and hispanics .
black on black crime is the worst , yet the left and the media wo n't admit to that .
did your savior obama do anything about the killings in chicago ?
did he do anything for eight years about the poverty in the inner cities ?
no he did n't - because he did n't care .
when the left wo n't take responsibility for their actions , or lack of - they call everyone else racist .
fake news
@dawg_lb @can2geterdone build a wall from south cal all the way up to the canada border .
keep your rats , disease , illegals , liberal psychos , hollyweird , etc inside your walls .
then maybe the san andreas fault will do the rest
eat their ass no homo tho
white girl : : i find that women from other races tend to be very , very ugly or very , very hot .
there 's not much in between .
whereas white women are usually not very hot or very ugly but fall in the middle .
me ( asian girl ): : um .
that 's because your standards of beauty are normalized around white women .
you 're taught to think that way through the barrage of media presenting whiteness as normal and color as exotic or repulsive .
white girl : : no , i think i 'm right .
i 've talked to other people and they all agree with me .
me : : ... a year ago , both of us 19 , in a car with other people .
this spic thinks he someone
now if the global elitists from hollywood would accept the victory and be we we will all be happy .
rangers won at msg and knocked the flyers out of the playoffs could this day be any better i think not
i agree with the other posters here ... just raise the property taxes .
10 % increase should do it .
if the average homeowner is currently paying around $ 5,000.00 that would amount to only $ 500.00 more per year .
or to put it into terms that liberals would understand ... 
 that 's less than a timmie 's a day .
just ask bob chiarelli
we have been much better than brugge we have had more chances and we have controlled the game the two chances they had they scored cuz courtois is a fucking bum
this is disgusting and justin wants this to live here .
trans people are n't an " attraction " .
you 're just assuming things about trans people 's bodies and lives .
it 's delusional .
you 're attracted to something that is at someone else 's expense .
that is n't healthy for your partner .
a major red flag .
driving down don carlos with my dad , starts pointing out houses and apartments he used to party at & # 128514;&#128514 ; my dude
raise taxes on multinational corporations and triple them for any company that has over 2 % temporary foreign workers .
note the guy who wrote the original mandate specifiying how wmaf vs amwf were to be dealt with : * * herman p. goebel . * *
​ and ok , you obviously ca n't judge people by their surname , but to have an ethnic german in the us enacting these policies while joseph goebbels was doing his stuff in nazi germany is ironic at minimum , if not outright chilling ...
asia for asians africa for africans whites countries for everybody there will still be asians in asia and africans in africa but the west will be blended brown this is white genocide whites need a safe space to propagate their gene pool and preserve their culture
@l1ltr4p fucking losers wetbacks # sorrynotsorry
i think it was the u.s. navy seals that got bin laden , not sure if they were democrats or republicans .
other ethnic groups are allowed to have ethnocentric charter schools paid by taxpayers .
normie 's wallpaper is quite cringey with that guy fawks mask
this semester specifically has been the most stressful with the least motivation ?
yall already making memes about it
you lost me .
on the " question . "
paragraph part .
i did n't have time or want to waste effort explaining the whole constitutional republic vs. democracy thing in that reply .
i understand what your talking about .
a reboot on the whole constitution thing would be the change i was talking about .
i would be in favor of have less federal power and way more to the cities and states .
i think people would pay more attention and be more involved as they would be way closer to the people making decisions that affect them .
it been nearly three weeks since a man described as a somali immigrant attacked evenson while she was walking home from work in uptown minneapolis slashing and stabbing her relentlessly while trying to drag her off of a public street
deport this person imediatly .. go complain in your own country .. illegal alien 🤑 👽 🙉
trump wants to change the path america is going down he actually loves his country and even more he loves the people he represents .
he wants everyone to have a better life while rebuilding our aging infrastructure and creating jobs , he is fighting in congress to get this done , but it 's a tough fight as some of the republicans have gotten used to having the status quo and rebuff him at every turn .
then there is the democrats who want to socialize everything , all these programs cost massive amounts of money from american citizens pockets , in other words they keep the poor poorer and are bringing down the middle class to match them .
the democratic party knows very well what they are doing by bringing in massive amounts of immigrants into our nation and although they scream about the republicans being for the rich they are the ones responsible for the great income divide , it 's their policies that fuel it , they want us to be   poor , but socialism does n't work , never has and never will .
@81kensmith you fucking insensitive mongoloid idiot !
we need to have people like you spayed and neutered !
do n't know if any of this is obsolete but it 's a start ...
they should put that b@st@rd in jail and cut of his " penis " and stick it in his nasty mouth ! ! ! !
this is 3x 's worst than what they accused bill cosby of .
this world is sooooo " freaking " racist ! !
thank you ward : that was a wonderful ali interview !
what a great guy , brilliant and funny .
what he said , of course , absolutely is true , in its day .
black men walking around with white women were in grave danger in much of this country ( still are , in places in the s and w … ) .
with the destruction of the black race ( drugs and incarceration ) and identity that took place in the 20th century , a " black is beautiful " message was a wonderful one to focus on .
black muslims were law - abiding , brooking no criminals in their church .
no drinking .
you may wish to note that , until very recently , catholic priests strongly urged catholic boys not to propose to non - catholic girls .
are n't you outraged ?
same with jews : intermarriage is frowned upon , though , unlike catholics , a woman really ca n't become a jew in traditional sense .
< some are good people who were duped .
> 
 if they were duped it 's because they willfully choose to confine their " news " to fox , limbaugh , drudge , et al .
no sympathy there from me .
< some are afraid of a world changing faster than they can make sense of and some just do n't know what to do with their discontent .
> 
 cry me a river !
if that 's their pitiful excuse for voting for the p*ssy grabber - in - chief , that 's not nearly good enough .
try again .
finally , i think we already understand red state voters who voted against their own economic interests well enough .
many , if not most , were guided by fox news ' methodical twenty - year demonization of hillary clinton , many of them truly do hate blacks , gays , mexicans , and muslims , and will never ever vote for a democrat because of that and because they think republicans affirm their various phobias and hatreds .
when you can figure out a way to circumvent that mindset by all means let the rest of us know .
then we 'll be on to something .
< user > it is racist democrats that want our country overrun by illegal aliens they want to wash out and dilute any and all white influence in our country
if muslims are the only real men in white lands the only ones with the balls to show young hot pussy who boss then muslim men will rule and whites will cease to exist as they already did in byzantium
look at this retarded shit right here
< user > < user > ain t us a racist white hillbilly i am good
" so we " " voted you as president and you ai n't even made it a year and your already trying to start things you need help ! & #
128465;@potus "
european capitols are nt american besides europe allowed the muzzies in anyway not my problem
i 'm still not 100 % certain this is happening .
but the delay between sending a tweet and seeing it appear is far too long .
oh like standing up in front of jews and saying i do not need your money or they are rapists mexicans or retweeting white genocide memes and hillary memes with jewish stars do you know how many artlces were written about how anti semitic trump was google it thousands
@ladypalerider @katscent so you 're saying you can speak for an entire ethnicity because you believe they have the same beliefs ?
sounds racist to me .
@xinorforion just say you hate black people and poc to conform your racist agenda you stupid fuck
as another trans person , you 're welcome xo :)
so kl realized what everyone knows , no other team in the league will pay him as much as the raps .
i 'm a raptors fan and no matter what will cheer the team .
but kl does not have my vote for next all stars game .
you 're just going to end up replacing blacks with mexicans and they do n't even speak fucking english .
they 're catholic and they shit out litters regularly .
i like my neighborhood gangs shooting each other like civilized human beings not hacking people to death with machetes .
she do n't get emojis until after i bag , emojis are pussy shit
raise taxes on multinational corporations and triple them for any company that has over 2 % temporary foreign workers .
you are a dumb spic that can not spell spaniard
whitey prevails for a change miss south africa beats out a nig two spics and a gook to win miss u
< user > turkish immigrants in germany did invent that wonderful post pub delicacy the döner kebab so that drunk people could eat shwarma whilst stumbling home i can not imagine that mo or al would be one bit happy with their entrepreneurial spirit unleashed by wonderful western freedom
rudest people ever
< user > this asian characters most of the times east asians are either edgy eccentric martial artists or nerdy genius sidekick of the white main i am so tired 😥
i be so tight when my brother bring white bitches home like mcht
well it is still quite small .
but completely over represented during the pride , or during our women * strike last month .
women had a * precising those who identified as such .
we actually have really few trans , but it is growing in the big cities .
@jenturnek hey .
the university of washington is conducting a study that you may be eligible to participate in for up to $ 320 !
interested ?
< user > lmao bitch retarded tryna call us broke bitch you got finessed 😭 😭 😭
yikes ...
wow she comes right out and says the real people oppressed are the white males in society thanks for posting this
the three people to blame for this situation are : 
 1 ) obama 
 2 ) crooked hillary 
 3 ) lyin ' justin trudeau 

 these three liberals refused to pressure china to do something about north korea .
obama and clinton did nothing and let the problem fester into the crisis it is today .
trudeau is too busy chasing chinese money and trade deals to say a discouraging word about north korea to the chinese leadership .
this is what happens when corporatist liberals run governments .
they make a mess , they make the world more dangerous , they put all our lives at risk .
if we want the world to be a safer place , we need to elect more nationalists like trump .
nahtzee bigut wayciss hate bigut wayciss nahtzee wayciss nice antifa tier buzzwords you got there you neutered faggot too bad they do not work anymore also caring about if my enemies like me or not lol that a weak feminine emotional trait grow a set of balls you hopeless pussy
if drumpf wants to save money , he should quit playing golf every weekend .
only ones who will be attending are , liberals , lesbians and transgender qweers .
womens soccer or shall i say any women 's sport is just as boring as watching paint dry .
do n't you mean " jesus ' rules as i interpret them " ?
media was proposing that dr.(h.c . )
pm gomer would be working closely with merkel to convince trump to sign on with global free trade & the paris accord .
seems to have been a spectacular failure .
what 's long , brown , and smells like shit ?
the unemployment line .
racism is only a problem now because minorities continue to think they 're oppressed .
< user > < user > you all only caring about their hair if these kids were white it would be different latinos love playing both sides they your homeboy until u say mi amigo or deportation then u a porch monkey i could ever
rt @estellleeee : lol bitches act hard when they stay getting they ass beat & # 128514;&#128557;&#128514 ;
it's -- a contraction of two words -- it & is 
 its -- the possessive adjective 
 maybe it 's just a typo on your part but what 's with this " authentic american citizens " drivel ?
you 're no more authentic a citizen than are your white bretheren who are serving time in prison or your non - white bretheren who live in poverty .
you are also no more " authentically american " than the recently naturalized child of latino immigrants .
you 're just another american like the rest of us and you are entitled to your looney alt - right views even if you 're not necessarily entitled to act on them .
i assume that 's why you 're so vehemently opposed to the southern poverty law conference .
it monitors the illegal activity of hate groups .
maybe you 're a member of one ?
@realsaavedra so a white supremacist kills 18 people and all you got is muh muh antifa .
you 're an insufferable little bitchass fascist who deserves the vandalism you 're about to get .
i feel sorry for your mother .
what is blue and has black spots ?
the mediterranean sea ..
grab the pregnant female illegal aliens .
let them have their baby in their own country .
it absolutely is this non whites will save us from white genocide rhetoric is garbage into the trash discarded voting wo nt accomplish anything the system is designed to prevent that as i said general strikes self defense squads mass marches etc we need less than < number > of whites
@xinorforion just say you hate black people and poc to conform your racist agenda you stupid fuck
i just see another whore who should be making me money .
what a waste sucking all that cock for free .
stop calling them illegal immigrants you bunch of fucking politically correct pussies these people are vile parasitic scum very likely all linked to the mexican cartel they are all drug mules and gangbangers every single last one of them even the children they should all be exterminated immediately
i 'm gay and while she 's not my type , i do love lea delaria and i really appreciate all the work she 's done for the lgbt community .
i agree with the other commenter — it 's really rare to see lesbians like boo on tv , so i 'll never be upset about that .
and i really love boo 's friendship with pennsatucky , it was so unexpected and surprisingly sweet .
" what scares me is he never takes responsibility for anything , meaning he is always in need of scapegoats .
historically , this has been women , jews , blacks , hispanics and lgbt . "
never taking responsibility for ones actions and blaming them on others is a hallmark of a psychopath .
but asians have higher iqs than white so you do not want to create the master race of hybrid white asians high iq strong able bodied humans is disgusting says the weeb who defends sand nigger muslims lol you live in fantasy while i live in reality
the most youtube thing ever obnoxious white dude defending himself from another more obnoxious white dude re making holocaust jokes while intentionally pronouncing holocaust wrong so he can retain monetization
black cops must police blacks 
 brown cops must police brown 's 

 and us folk will live in peace !
i would hate fuck this slut
having children is the absolute worse thing one could ever do 
 unless you can guarantee that the kid will live a great life , you 're dooming him or her to a lifetime of pain and misery .
this use to belong to wethepeople now it belongs to the < number > undocumented illegal immigrants and their families soon they will tell us we are the invaders maga buildthewall now trumprealnews releasethememo wethepeople thestormishere
while the present article is food - related , the problem of sa industry in many areas being over - reliant on " cheap " unskilled labour is largely unsolved .
it is arguably a cause of much of the current de - industrialisation of the country .
wow you sound like me .
i 'm ghana born but raised in the us .
i 'm actually moving to ghana for a job next week ( i work in the biomedical field ) .
i 'm not into religion either but i come from a pretty religious family .
my family is muslim on my dad 's side and christian on my mom 's side ( my mom converted to islam after meeting my dad ) .
being non - religious and childfree is like two worse things for an african to be .
do n't play both sides of the fence .
either you fucking with me or you not .
why are aspirins white ?
because they work
are you serious dude i m literally retarded ur in the middle of gab defending a pedo for some reason while at the same time saying i manipulated you at what end of this equation do you end up looking good why do this
cutting edge spic internet bantz
in other words -- when scripture says things you do n't like or agree with you will just throw out the book or phrase and claim " god did n't write that , man did . "
luther did that too -- only he did n't like scripture that did n't teach his pet doctrine justification by faith alone .
either way -- throwing out scripture because of it not conforming to our personal ideology or agenda is a hallmark of protestantism .
then again -- if you get to do that with moral teachings , i get to do that with social teachings .
thus when scripture tells me i have to care about the poor -- i will just claim " god did n't write that .
x wrote that so i can ignore it . "
you know -- there could be something to this liberal dissident thing .... maybe it is n't so bad after all -- because if you get to throw out teachings you do n't like , so do i !
catholic social teaching offends me -- so i am throwing it out .
i do n't like the ideology of pope francis , so i will ignore him .
atl 14 bkn 16 q1 5:58 brook lopez makes 5 - foot two point shot ( randy foye assists ) p:5 r:1 a:1 s:1 b:0 t:1 fd:8.7 dk:9.75
@cslewisdaily i wish that quote was easy to accept for the depressed .
depression causes a chem imbalance in people to think the opposite .
sense deez nuts it 's a waste of time to speak to you about this .
please find a feminist to * destroy *
is santiago another " white " hispanic ?
is he related to zimmerman ?
why do n't muslims commit suicide bombings in mexico ?
because they 'd never be able to find < number > virgins .
why do you think evolution works against men who are risk averse or have high social inhibition ?
ines is one evil bitch mafsau
i ❤ ️ watching niggers , spics and broke liberal college faggits who pay no income tax throw a huge tantrum becuz white people who pay income tax will get to keep a tiny little bit more of their own 💰
believe me , dear sir : there is not in the british empire a man who more cordially loves a union with great britain than i do .
but , by the god that made me , i will cease to exist before i yield to a connection on such terms as the british parliament propose ; and in this , i think i speak the sentiments of america .
—   thomas jefferson , november 29 , 1775 
 wiki leaks !
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_declaration_of_independence 

 common sense introduced no new ideas ?
< user > blacks muzzys wetbacks first
system deployments went until 5.30 am due to some complications .
had to get up at 7.30 to take kid to daham school .
now sleepy af .
my god look at these barbaric ppl .
and these pigs all watching .
they r a very , very sick culture .
and omar and rashid want this crap here .
this is america not the middle east .
round them up and send them home .
waste of time to try to explain - you would not understand .
your pre - conceived 8th grade level catholic knowledge might explode .
guess what - thomas aquinas explained god as * pure act * - act is always changing and is always in action .
aquinas calls or equates this to * love * - an action .
the sky is falling , the sky is falling - please , just stay with your grade school viewpoint and nourish your fears .
@fornewsjon @chatbycc @realdonaldtrump if she said " only the people of color is allowed to stand up against racism " , that 's racist .
but she is saying everyone must , especially themselves .
trump is right .
we need a deportation force and throw a few million of them out .
and then build a wall so they ca n't get back in .
then they can be happy in their brown shitholes without having to live among the white men they hate so much .
" quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital ; " muslims are terrorists ; jews are cheap ; women are stupid ; blacks are criminals ; mexicans are druglords ; frat boys are rapists ;   " quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital . "
i ’ ll be glad when we make it out the ghetto 🥴 😂
do n't play both sides of the fence .
either you fucking with me or you not .
did u know faggots is a bunch of sticks mcr u bunch of sticks
a mexican and a black guy are in a car , who is driving the police
but is it really that big a deal ?
and i have seen asians mexicans and niggers with the same skin color too so they must be the same race
feminism has trickled into every aspect of society .
even if you say you are not a feminist you still abide by its rules .
i am an australian model who wants to borrow your money .
stories evolve and change to reflect lessons that society finds valuable .
i think " women are human beings " is a lesson that needs learning .
for the queer readers you deserve every adventure nina varela baby i already love u so much
... but there was a lesbian couple in line who were saying a really passionate goodbye for like , half an hour , so i did n't mind the wait .
666 vs 7.62 
 the number of the chad vs the number of the incel 

 final battle , who wins ?
poll : if you could choose , would you rather be reborn as a female or a normie ?
cause they 've got ta breed more morons , even if they need to get a little rapey to do it
please , put a link to follow the results as long as the count of votes begin !
probably because there 's no border crisis except for the concentration camps which they 're trying to end
it is a good thing they relocated all of the new orleans katrina refugees to houston they will be of great help teaching the locals how to handle this flood
not christian to call those who disagree with you , " haters , " which seems to be the favorite word of the right .
true christians do n't hate anyone , do n't espouse judging others ( bigotry ) , and certainly do n't support taking from the sick , disabled , poor , elderly , etc . ,
to pad their own wallets imo .
seems the left policies better align with christ 's teachings than those of the right .
< user > or the gay person is open about their sexuality like wow what a miracle
to simply say they have freedom of speech is to oversimplify what this flag symbolizes .
it has long been a symbol of hate and intimidation not of only african americans but asians , jews , native americans , hispanics and anyone who is n't white .
if you wave it in my face and i 'm not white how should i interpret it ?
you are making a statement of hate and intolerance .
as a person of color to ignore that would be foolish and possibly dangerous .
rosie is an insane lesbian being a lesbian tells you she is mentally ill
canada has a strong role in the russian - ukrainian conflict .
the previous canadian government positioned canadian military advisors there , in a conflict zone .
that puts it near the top of the agenda for whomever is our minister of foreign relations .
minister freeland is continuing the specific canadian foreign policy on ukraine of the previous government , a policy that was , and continues , to receive the full support of all three major federal parties .
she 's is doing exactly what the canadian supporters of all three major federal political parties want , which would put her support base for this policy at about 91 % of the electorate , as per the last election vote distribution .
so i heard today that access to information requests have revealed that trudeau & the liberal party president used a government jet to fly to the medicine hat - cardston - warner bi - election to campaign with stan sakamoto .
they got smoked in the bi - election , and now , presto , another scandal .
no wonder he is now at less than 40 % popularity .
you know he breaking bread if you see me wit the nigga 🤗
the fraud squad is a laughing stock bunch of whinny , screeching , commie , hissies !
they are all , most probably , a bunch of lesbians who hate men ... especially white republican men !
rt if u want a sissy cunt to fuck today # me # sissy # boipussy # slut # sissyfag # sissyslut url
being a spokesperson seems to be a job with a lot of drinking attached to it . " "
his former employment was not a factor in any way , " campion said said out of his second face . "
former alaska house press secretary , he was not former when it happened .
trump 's chief executive , stephen bannon is a racist .
bannon , the head of breitbart news is an extreme bigot who is has published anti - latino , anti - lgtqui , anti - black , and anti - semitic material for years .
in addition , he has attacked many white supporters .
anyone who promotes cultural or racial diversity .
even the former editor of breitbart news , ben shapiro , stated , bannon and has “ embraced the white supremacist alt - right alongside bannon ’s embrace of trump . ”
bannon openly supports the “ alt - right , ” racists , and white nationalists .
in addition , trump brought in nigel farage an extreme right - winger from britain .
farage is so extreme ; britain does n’t even want him back .
british leaders refer to farage ( ex - leader of the ukip ) and his followers as “ retro - nationalists , not patriots . ”
cottrell , farage 's office manager was arrested for fraud and money laundering at the rnc .
they are all cons .
why would any person of color vote for a white nationalist or anyone who supports them ?
so if everyone hates white people , why do males of every nationality love white women with blonde hair ?

why are n't ' male studies ' classes mandated under title ix ?
this does not happen in white schools j
brown & black people need to all unite against whites now ! !
they have always been the white devils enslaving , killing , raping , and stealing native lands ! ! !
kill all whites .
nelson snaps me a pic of him in a cocoon sleeping & # 128553; ☠ ️ i hate him .. i 'm at work looking like death wishing i was home sleeping
@carrasquillo the demographic change has white people realizing they will be a minority race in america by 2050 this is a fact that does n't sit well with a lot of white people nationalists hate the idea of diversity;that 's why we have kids in cages , send them back trump policies to change 1/2
do the french call reddit " ribbit ? "
even africans ?
you clearly have never met someone from africa and are lieing out of your ass , most of them have a ‘ we did it why ca n’t you ’ ignorance towards african americans .
same as most international hispanic people .
just like every white person who has never gotten to know a single african american and judges them off of what the media puts in front of them .
you guys really enjoy making things up .
some people are really weird in their thinking have you been to bullhead , az ?
why do n't they use the electric chair in mexico ?
grease fires are a bitch to put out .
dumb bimbo cunt getting its face pussy used .
url
was it really better for non - male - models 50 or 100 years ago ?
i like my women like i like my cigars .
cuban , shipped in bulk and < number > years old .
it 's a really tough problem , because it 's a big problem .
it is far reaching .
it has many different forms .
quote : " pierre trudeau made multiculturalism a key plank in his plan to destroy english canada " .
you are right .
here in vancouver we have sikhs taxi drivers , philippino nannies , hispanic gardeners , ukrainian bakeries , chinese accountants , thai restaurants , mexican restaurants , not to mention the poles , the russians , the italians , the greeks , the vietnamese , the place is crawling with foreign students , there are even a few french people around .
the english are now hiding terrified in point grey , ca n't even find a decent place to go for tea .
your neighbour could be gay and you would not know about it .
terrible , absolutely terrible .
oh i 'm not surprised .
when i was 19 years old , i spent 3 months in a homeless shelter .
i had a group of weird latina and black women look at me like i was garbage .
later on after they came to know me and like me , they apologized for thinking i " looked like a nazi " when they first saw me .
how did i " look like a nazi " ?
because a lot of people know someone of ethnic german background when they see them .
ana navarro is a spic cunt that needs to shut her commie cock holster these pieces of shit declare war on us every time they open their ugly commie mouths how long until enough is enough
these hoes are not americans and they should be rounded up and executed with prejudice .
they do not belong here !
are these jews posing as arabs
the disturbing reason trump evangelical base is thrilled to see violence in gaza hotpagenews com r < number >
it 's not my responsibility to locate , isolate or else eliminate trolls at this site , nor do i wish to defend this person in any way .
so borrowing money you ca n't repay makes sense ?
so what if it 's in the constitution ?
there is no money .
i was up late watching tv and there it was on cnn , click on the link video - breaking news videos from cnn.com
what 's the difference between a black guy and a mexican guy ?
the crime they 're pleading innocent to even though they know there 's not a chance in hell they 'll win the court case .
not unless white boys in rural kentucky counties are turning muslim
ok , wait let me talk when you abuse a female know that u r really born from ass hole ! ! !
< user > i agree but we have immigration courts in areas to process the scum and this is the way of matters for the moment we need to be tougher on beaners and other dregs and just eject them automatically after finding out their status as illegals
staying up until 2 for this just reminded me of when i woke up at 7 am to go buy the 5sos slsp ep when it came out and i 'm cringing
abb ability ™ electrical distribution control system us launch for cloud - based energy management https://t.co/wiymfqsnpn via @yahoofinance
you got that wrong dude .
congress is full of senior citizens of all different races .
look at the crazy old ladies from california , the black caucus , the latino caucus and etc .
as ffar as nukes , we can stick our heads in the sand and watch north korea and iran developed them .
hmn is this a good idea ?
so it 's only immigrants milking the system ?
i think anyone who says " diversity is our greatest strength " is misleading the public .
no evidence backs this statement ( different food and music does not count ) terrorism , crime rates , employment stats , fgm , breast ironing , cousin and niece / nephew arranged marriage and grooming gangs prove it is definitely not .
glad that 's over , though i ca n't promise that i wo n't reply if ever i see another dumbass comment out there about the issue
if that were the case then they should 've been writing to the prosecuting attorney 's office .
are these jews posing as arabs
israel home of the jewish people arabs jordan u may know that israel was promised to the jewish people well b4 ur saviour came or any arab knew where israel was clue it is in the chumash pots melamed and ps u can call me sir
i want to ram my cock down her throat
< user > got ta expose these hoes
hey let set up a small white ethnostate inland somewhere the globalists will not serbian our asses
happy birthday haleigh!!&#128536;hope you have a great day , luv uuuuu!&#128151;&#128151 ; @hgetchell7 https://t.co/rliptyutgx
in a couple of generations , people will be ashamed to explain their kids what happened the first « non - native » culture specific to canada ; the french - canadian culture and québec culture .
22 years after the referendum ; we see the decline of french and the only french speaking province is the only one where english has improved .
this canada ; a racist , colonialist country .
cliché argumens about globalisation and openness wo n't work if yo consider the number of small nations preserving their langage ( sweden , iceland , andorra ) and being successfuf .
stop pretending to be the champions of politicall corectness .
the lack of interest of the matter in these comments show how much canadians do n't give a damn about us .
there fanatism about a « farce » bilinguism is a hypocrital expression of their nationalism .
at leart , stop the bashing ; it 's like continuing slaping to a dying personn you , ve beaten up to the hospital .
as far as i 'm concerned , all of this explain « partly » why i hate canada so much .
now that women in saudi arabia can drive they have a fighting chance to escape the isiamist captors who enslave them maga tcot pjnet
# yesallwomen because are you fucking kidding me that the next trending tag is " things girls say during sex " ?
we can do better .
we have to .
tfw a spic is a neo nazi lmao < percent >
what do you call stuffed animals directly marked at illegal immigrants ?
beaner babies
marte williams , 41 , was taken into custody sunday after authorities said he was caught trespassing at paulus hook towers , the apartment complex where the bodies of 27 - year - old jacqueline reyes and her 9 - month - old son ivan reyes jr. were found tuesday morning .
@repmaxinewaters dear maxine .
i look forward to visiting you in gitmo .
i wo n't laugh at you , you will simply receive my prayers for salvation .
not sure what 's left inside your wreck of a body , but jesus christ is lord and savior , if you truly take the time to give whatever you have left to him
to 3rd gen ak 's claim on these pages that white men are earth 's alpha males , i offer these few facts .
there are many more like them .
from lisa bloom .
lisa bloom is a legal analyst for nbc news and avvo , attorney and bestselling author .
" in our nation ’s history , so many of the sickest most appalling crimes have been committed by whites .
yet no matter how sadistic the crime , no matter how young the victims , no matter how much fear is engendered in a community , no matter how much media attention and public discussion the crimes of whites engender , the race itself is never sullied . "
lisa bloom also says white men are at the top of the list for gaining foreign visas to have sex with children .
85 - percent in latin america , she says .
lisa bloom also adds the most prolific serial killers in this country ( america ) are white men .
and last , white women are known for killing their children .
the malignant narcissist and mentally deficient sociopath , bigot , racist and wannabe president , could never make such a speech .
he 's too wrapped up patting the backs of white extremists and holding hate sessions for mexicans , muslims and nfl players .
not happy w trump disavowing altright nazis nothing can be further from the truth spencer whoever is just obama cia plant trump border wall refugee vetting intent ending sanctuary cities are viewed as racist by left will he backtrack now maga presidenttrump newyorkvalues
it takes some effort to miss the point as completely as you apparently did .
you new up here or what ?
did you guys see gordon ramsay 's facial surgery ?
he 's hot , but he 's no caitlyn jenner .
i strongly disagree .
assaulting a prisoner who was restrained and not being physically combative is inexcusable under any circumstances .
that the guy was obviously trying to provoke the cops does n't make the cops ' reaction any more excusable .
be honest and speakfreely gabfam is there anyone here part of the altright that has a problem with me or others for being of other races and orientations despite being sympathetic to your cause and being fellow white rights advocates i do not get offended easily genuinely curious gab maga
more swamp cesspool scum can not can not put together a coherent sentence must attempt to read from a staff prepared script reads so slowly you and he lose the thought if there is on a typical democrat liberal ghetto fool
kapil_janyani benefits of the same plan till 30th june 2017 ( 2 gb 4 g data per day ) , it will be free service .
on 1st july 2017 benefits(2/4 )
keep your mind on the real face of racism the war on whites rise up and unite my brothers as others have taken up violence against you
☊ oh great .
the person who took twelve minutes in the restaurant bathroom was a sweaty chef who clearly just took a shit .
ricky i very much wish this could be a possibility in the us however the data since the < number > until today proves that blacks jews mestizos and asians vote overwhelmingly for democrats non whites vote overwhelmingly for less freedom bigger govt and more gibs me dat please explain
" wilson replied that he personally has never called her that name .
however , the reporter has used it at least twice on twitter and it appeared in an article published under his byline in january .
he did not immediately respond to a request for comment . "
typical of rebel media , and a good example of why no one with an ounce of sense takes them seriously .
tabloid junk .
churchill was also responsible for 4 million deaths in india .
and probably millions in other british colonies .
trump is turning america the beautiful into america the booty ful in which he can just grab dozens of helpless women by the groin and get away with it taking the highest office thereafter while many americans defend this behaviour
pretty sick .
he targeted hispanics .
i 've been prescribed adderall for years .
@ohooh _
put a bounty on scalps , they 'll start to deport soon enough .
so do you actually meet the people that you let join and start a chapter or are you just trusting that an anti would n't sign up so that you start directing people to them to get jumped or whatever ?
chuck schumer b > you know my name comes from the word shomer guardian watcher my ancestors were guardians of the ghetto wall in chortkov b
< user > goodnight redneck
tsunaina is mongolian i follow her instagram
he said he was going to build a wetback wall keep erupting sand niggers out that was ample reason to grudgingly accept the things i did not agree with like his jew snuggling he was the vastly superior choice to all the cucks let alone to cankles
they need to send them all back and get back to justice for the black natives of american and descendants of slaves who still have no received any justice
better than the interests of soros / pelosi like our other very much absent senator .
hate that the store right by my house closes at < number > how ghetto
black cops must police blacks 
 brown cops must police brown 's 

 and us folk will live in peace !
katy perry or powdered donut
doctors may soon refuse to see patients with gonorrhea because they are n't paid enough and the super bug will eat into their profits
do you ever punch yourself in the head just for fun ?
agreed .
the devil is in the details !
i m asian yet others think i m western .
i m just really good at speaking english and have an accent because i was influenced by my favorite youtubers , notably stampylonghead , vanossgaming , terroriser and others .
" @voteshawnbra @nathsz_army @radiodisney cento e cinquenta quatro i vote for # shawnmendes " " treat you better " " "
o.k. , lets see here ... trump ... why expand the nuclear arsenal , when it only takes 100 nuclear warheads to destroy the whole world .
all illegal aliens crossing into to canada will be held pending a hearing of their refugee claims in an igloo village being built in moosenee ontario on the james bay coast oil lamps for heat light will be supplied free of charge
can i make graphite show the sum of 5 m when retention is 1 m ?
want to see a graph with point every 5 m with sum of that time period .
wait until after the inauguration .
then you 'll see real chaos .
yes .
universities will burn in violence as liberal arts students fight agonist trump .
cities across america will go wild in violent confrontations with law enforcement as the left has a temper tantrum .
blacks and mexicans immigrants across america will riot and burn their own communities and loot stores .
oceans of tears will flow on cnn .
diversity is our greatest strength !
there is always more to the story .
thank you for your report .
i think we shall put you on the rg payroll as a reporter now ..............
even though they are fucking retarded , atleast they have the littlest of sense to not kill children then blame doctors
yes nancy , you just stay right where you are because as long as you do , repubs .
will continue to win elections .
as an ( r ) voter , i ca n't thank you enough .
i want to believe in a free market economy .
or at least a freer market economy .
but canadian real estate market is the most interfered with market in the nation - and that interference is designed to drive prices up .
i 'll keep saying it : nearly a trillion dollars in taxpayer - insured mortgages and many kinds of special tax treatment for this asset type ( as compared with other asset types ) , coupled with an " emergency low " rate environment and loophole - riddled immigration programs that encourage citizens of convenience ( and foreign money investment in real estate ) make this an entirely rigged situation .
young people and families , the people taking the biggest risks or paying the biggest price for this folly - are just fighting for their place in this engineered mess .
presence in the us without legal permission is not a crime , and is not a basis for a state , county , or city law enfocement official to detain a person .
thus if under state law an individual is entitled to be released from custody , a federal detainer request , per se , is not a justification for detention .
should the feds produce a warrant thenthe local official can , and must , detain the subject of the warrant .
fvck all of you dumb btches i hope you rot in hell url
old school bullshitters are the best , they completely forget i have access to the world in my pocket . #
internetera # gottodobetter
no , the list was much longer than that .
several people were given high - dollar business interest and positions , as a direct result of these deals .
mueller , rossenstein , comey and more , all gained power , influence and money to push these deals through and bury the truth from the american public .
ask yourself this , " how did hillary and bill ( along with all their cronies ) make so much money ? "
they have only ever worked for the government .
they never ran a business , designed anything , or furthered anything but their own self interests .
they swindled people , killed people and destroyed people 's lives to line their own pockets .
they even take money into their foundation for natural disasters ( haiti ) and then do n't actually use the money to help the people .
they use that foundation as their own personal slush fund .
they shelter their wealth and launder their money so nobody knows how they make their millions .
it 's truly disgusting ! ! !
today quote from my very gay partner i forgot men could have girlfriends
why do n't you go there ?
better yet , go to russia where you 'll feel right at home .
yes , you ' ve been talking that way aloud in the public for most of your life .
i cried , for the first time , today ...
their has been nearly 60 search and rescue incident with snowmachines in alaska this winter .
14 have died on sleds including 100 's of injuries , i.e. todd " ak " palin had to be rescued .
responding to alaska sledders lost in alaska is almost a full time job for troopers .
alaskans   have some real outdoor issues and statistic prove it .
at least this guy was doing something alaskan , climbing a mountain , not riding a toy .
they need to send them all back and get back to justice for the black natives of american and descendants of slaves who still have no received any justice
i think anyone who says " diversity is our greatest strength " is misleading the public .
no evidence backs this statement ( different food and music does not count ) terrorism , crime rates , employment stats , fgm , breast ironing , cousin and niece / nephew arranged marriage and grooming gangs prove it is definitely not .
@rwpusa hungary is a fascist nation full of hateful racists like gorka .
he 's just another one of them .
and they hate jews .
< user > in my country evangelicals are the actual jews tho 😄
this game full of fake niggas dick riders clout chasers niggas gon ride yo wave till it no more beneficial for them
i do n't think it 's the teacher this early on .
children entering 2nd grade should be reading at this level , and this is why pre - k is being forced on us ; by irresponsible parenting , for their child not being able to read .
skill at reading is essential to learning .
it is the key that opens the lock to a child 's mind .
not just that , but many people who adopt kids are capable of making their own pure white children .
spear of destiny is basically the equivalent of dragon balls .
can change everything & amp ; alter reality . #
legendsoftomorrow
# handsoffpantson goes global!on the heels of helping pass historic panic button legislation for hotel and casino wrkrs in il , local 1 leaders roushaunda & cecilia are at the int'l labor conf to advocate for global convention to address gender violence at work ! #
ilc2019 # iloendgbv url
anyone remember a time that the gop cared about the deficit ?
if most americans will receive a $ 4,000 tax cut , where do you think that will come from ?
yep , printing money .
no thinking individual believes it will be made up by growing the economy .
other than the current administration , which lies for a living , i have n't heard even one gop representative say we can pay for it by growing the economy .
at this point , it just no longer is a priority .
o.n. stefan writes her darkest scenes with a pen dipped the blackest ink .
https://t.co/lc5l8rwjdq # retweet # yalit
< user > < user > yeah that is shocking how retarded the huffington post is
why do mexicans name their children jesus ?
it makes no sense .
jesus was n’t mexican he was human
" " " to waken interest and kindle enthusiasm is the sure way to teach easily and successfully . " " –
tryon edwards "
i bet you can see the mexic - ants from space with the google earth .
photo ants on picnic table cyf salt of the earth
it will only get worse .
just look at what they 've done to ontario .
we elected someone that was n't ready yet , does n't understand how the real world works .
subbed to you doggy you funny like a black person is black
trump hopes more latinos are murdered , and he will continue to guide his supporters to commit acts of terrorism .
reading your post u seem more like a wetback lol
dear god get these hideously ugly brown and black people out of here
thank you , ms kafer , for your fact filled , common sense article .
could n't agree with you more !
i do n't want to hear discussion about illegal immigration i want fuking action !
and quit spending my tax dollars on these illegal vermin when we have millions of our own hurting badly .
" go text your hoes " url
you say you miss us but if you really fucking did you would nt keep lying .
i get you 're desperate to come home but stop hurting us .
my mom does n't let me wear hoop earrings because they make me look mexican .
i envision everything this retarded puerto rican saying to me being typed out on a shitty android phone in between kik sessions with random < number > < number > thots with < number > kids
forgot to do something about a population of people that hated america back in the 1860s .
that wound just festered and their children were bred and taught to hate .
@agustmoonchildd @khainayak @peta the islamic and christian invaders destroyed many ancient civilizations in the past 2000yrs by forcing the ppl to convert to their faith .. no other culture did this to anyone instead they traded and maintained harmony among different cultures .. evn nw dey run their missionaries .
what ’s the difference between blacks and mexicans ?
mexicans take the dishes out of the sink before pissing in it .
the dem , s ( crooks ) .
what more can be said about these loons from outer space ?
i wonder what the ghosts of jfk and others are thinkng .
about the last semi normal democrat i can think of is lindon johnson .
in the future i predict many amputees will have penis and vaginal injuries .
you know it 's enadible , need to be mature and plan .
< user > critics say that sand sold by trans black lesbians tastes better than pizza made by cis straight white men
i 'm a host at a local upscale restaurant and part of my job is taking reservations over the phone .
me : : could i have a last name please ?
woman on phone : : [ gives last name ] me : : and could i have a first name as well ?
woman on phone : : oh , i 'll give you my husband 's name .
it 's [ husband 's first name ] .
often women making a reservation over the phone will automatically give their husband 's first name .
it makes me so angry and frustrated - if you 're the one making the reservation , why do n't you give your own name ?
i do n't know if it 's a way of pandering to their husbands ' sensitivity about having a reservation under a woman 's name rather than a man 's name .
well , quit fucking her and we can be done with it
amen we need whites < number > make invent enuff stuff < number > keep us maybe others alive pro immigrant shitlib heads spin when u say so you are < number > pollution sadly that when they say that why i am not having children so you are against nature ur against fulfilling the measure of your creation
i pm 'd you a suggestion of a place to go , i do not want to post it here as i think non - whites read this site and will then proceed to try and move there .
woah cake :( waht nosie do tutrle maek gook spic fucking faggot moron
the last paragraph of this article is what needs to be reiterated ... 
 " they 're saying we ca n't do anything until the ice clears , " he said . "
so they admit they ca n't respond to an event in cook inlet in winter .
if they ca n't do that , they should n't be doing business here . "
thank you alex .
this is a perfect example of why i buy 100 % wind energy for my home .
fossil fuels of any kind must be stopped before this planet is destroyed .
got ta like the spic sometimes we may want them to go home but at least they hate the degenerate queers as much as us
< user > what about us white arabs
you can read it however you want .
have a nice night and god bless !
republicans are following trump 's sick racist and xenophobic lead .
at the first virginia gubernatorial debate , ed gillespie admitted virginia does n’t have “ sanctuary cities .
but that did n’t stop gillespie , the republican gubernatorial nominee from grabbing the white supremacist baton from failed confederate candidate corey stewart to release one of the most racist ads in recent political memory .
“ ed gillespie clearly believes that his route to victory rests in demonizing young latino men and the immigrant community as a whole , ” said luis aguilar , a deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) recipient and casa in action member . “
he may believe it is an effective campaign tactic , but the people i speak with are furious with the abject racism of ed gillespie ’s campaign and plan to deliver that message on election day . ”
resist trump and his agenda .
for what it 's worth , the bc liberals in many ways have more in common with the federal conservatives than they do the federal liberals .
today my friend said it was okay to love your family members to no extent .
\*sweet home alabama\ *
+ andy capp better go watch crime daily or crime watch on here to see who 's killing their loved ones by a mile over any other race ... not us ... that 'd be you people
a transgender and homosexual will enter that beautiful gate on judgement day before you pretentious narcist person ..
women like you start cause revolutions by simply existing . #
womenpower
a hoe gon be a hoe , that ai n't a hunnid .
americans and irish understand each other better than spaniards and the beaners .. the us and ireland are the 1st world so they are educated unlike the beaners .
i 'm a lifelong alaskan who lived in vegas for a few years and i can tell you , our child protective services are ruthless up here .
vegas is nothing like it .
nothing !
a long time ago , scientists started to combine dog dna along with human dna .
the outcome turned out to be mexican girls .
i love real mexican food so i steal my food from others .
" @joanna_caron & # 128240 ; he is talking nonsense . " "
centre ground " " is code name for more tory cuts & amp ; neoliberalism.(for more profit before the people ) ! "
tough son of a bitch too bad he is a traitor
there was virtually no media coverage of trump 's many rallies during the election .
in every   crowd , in every city , in every state were the most despis'd and curs'd white males , whom   we are told are the bane of america .
however , they were there with their wives and girlfriends who were dutifully labeled " male " or   simply ignored completely   there were blacks who were labelled   " white " .
and gays who were labeled racists .
there were hispanics who were classified as " white " or called " ignorant " .
they all knew they were being lied to , and lied about , by everybody but trump .
trump hopes more latinos are murdered , and he will continue to guide his supporters to commit acts of terrorism .
coming from a businessman - we do n't what the rules are anymore ?
paul ryan .
@b77_sarah @mark_selby723 so the american taxpayer and/or other american citizen patients of that hospital will pay the medical bills for a criminal , . .
with no respect for american sovereignty or rule - of - law .
anyone falling off our american border wall should be drug back on mexico 's side . .
url
yeah fuck those people from new mexico !
they are just as bad as old mexico !
' build the wall deport em all ( not just illegals ) '
i wish i knew more ppl from houston so they could help me out i ’ m not tryna move to the ghetto
i find myself watching pope francis and wondering if   there is going to be anything more to his papacy or , in the alternative , it will be remembered for his inspiring words and gestures , and a few structural changes , but nothing radical in the sense of getting at the roots of the malaise that afflicts both church and world .
there is so much to admire in the man , it seems almost petty to dismiss his tenure as so many bold words without enough bold gestures .
perhaps it 's wrong to expect great things of popes these days .
perhaps my expectations of greatness are n't his .
but i have this feeling we 've been blessed with a holy chaplain or spiritual director , when what we really need is a reformer .
i do n't know how much longer the church can survive in a world of nones without someone to inject   fresh blood -- not just plasma , but new whole blood -- into its veins .
thank god i do n't live there , i would already be in jail from opening the skulls of these cowards .
@realdonaldtrump i do n't want to worry you but in this spanish tv show # equipotrump they say you 're a liar .
spanish fake news .
is sucking your own dick gay i ’ m not asking for myself
see you all this sunday for our women 's day edition market 💃 🏽 🌭 🍻 # meltingpotmarket url
totalbiscuit mainly attacked sjws because they attacked him first in hysterical and extremely aggressive terms for looking into the quinnspiracy on his own and not < number > going along with the narrative he shares most of the sjws views on gender feminism etc but is slightly less retarded about it
kill yourself instead
to rephrase : i wanna tell my irl friends ( who are all cis ) and even some of my classmates that like making those " assume my gender " jokes , using the t slur , etc etc so loosely can be very offensive especially since we have a transgender girl in our class , ,
if pete gets elected i ’ m going to cut off my gay ear
minimum wage defenders are the real racists minimum wages were first designed to keep women and minorities out of jobs < url >
i just click on the open forums for the entertainment .
black swan , 

 an exceptionally well articulated post .
a real contribution .
i 'll come home with my mail open sometimes but when i tell my mom to open it she be frontin like that 's not her steelo & # 128078;&#127998 ; gurl boo
i swear you bread will toast for < number > years and will not be even slightly brown and then after you check it becomes black in < number > secs
they said she dressed older than her age , wearing makeup and fashions more appropriate to a woman in her 20s .
she would hang out with teenage boys at a playground , some said .
any country that comes across iranian boat should sink it
globe columnist gary mason started off a column citing a recent poll that had smith ahead by 17 pts .
mr. mason just threw that # in there , no coincidence , even though for sure he knew that poll was bogus and of questionable integrity , not unlike , well , you get my drift .
takes 1 to know 1 ?
fake polls have been around for a long time .
reputable columnists know which are solid and which are bogus , and this columnist knew what was what , yet made mention of a counterfeit poll to lead off his weekend piece .
one can safely conclude where mr. mason 's sympathies lie , given his willingness to employ such shady tactics .
a mexican and a nigger are riding in a car ... who 's driving ?
a cop
when we were on the way to see my dying grandpa , the nursing home called and said he expired .
my grandma said , " expired ?
what 's the sell by date ? "
i love my grandma .
haha
1 .
the government can pass legislation to cancel contracts , thus minimizing or eliminatiing payouts .
2 .
anti - democratic because the act can force wind turbines on the unwilling ,   taking away the planning rights of municipalities , and infringes on personal freedom and property rights of farmers to build what they want on their own land if their neighbours host wind turbines , and overrules regulations for protected species - wind industry can get permission to harm , harass , and kill them !
and that is far from a complete list .
3 .
climate changes naturally all the time .
carbon dioxide is not a pollutant but a harmless trace gas that is plant food , essential to life on earth .
there has n't been any global warming for 19 years .
all computer model predictions of climate doom have failed to match real - world empirical evidence .
she said her library has plenty of funding and resources , and does n't need donations .
buying white baps instead of brown because it ’ sunday and i ’ m a crazy mofo who can ’ t be tamed
kamu is a race baiting homo .
and that fat cunt better carry vasoline , it will make it easier on her when a patriot stomps that fatass and sticks her weapons up her ass .
.@tarah @girlziplocked @hypatiadotca @justkelly_ok @ameliagreenhall when ur writing a book about wit , it is prob not a good idea to do this .
working for two days straight after a pneumonia diagnosis .
was in ny for folks after 911 and every year for 15 years after .
doctor says she got dehydrated and is recovering well now .
on her worst day , clinton is 100 % better than trump on his best day ( if he has one ) .
hey when you are feeling sad about yourself and your body and your self worth listening to yusuf islam cat stevens is a trip
talks about looks and working out you are literally a faggot who fucks a greasy beaner < percent > gay behavior
does anyone have the ' particular people ' quote handy ?
trump needs 2 destroy us 's creation isis engaged 2 create pretext to bomb syria .
un stop creation of iraq in syria n proclaim us rogue state
actually it represents white men and married white women .
clinton supporters represent unmarried white women , blacks , latinos and gays .
look up the statistics before spouting off you 're leftist rhetoric .
< user > ‍ daily reminder that nick the spic is a faggot who gets off on catboy porn pathetic and sad
breed this pussy
media was proposing that dr.(h.c . )
pm gomer would be working closely with merkel to convince trump to sign on with global free trade & the paris accord .
seems to have been a spectacular failure .
well hello and look what we have hear .
fuck holes presented and ready .
now what should a thick dick daddy do with those cock sleeve should i just plunge my fat dick in one hole deep and leave my seed to drop out and feed to you or should i just alternate fucking them one pump at a time .
pussy , ass , pussy , ass .
then just when close spin you around and dump my load all over that face .
< user > < user > yeah that is shocking how retarded the huffington post is
white people have been around for 40,000 years ij is the exact same thing the split is i and j j is older than i and it was j first farmers from that it became j2 i2 is what dinaric have there are different subclades to being nordic to be a nordic i2 it has to be a i1 variant nice try though .
< user > i thought the photo was of the post office in ostia where soviet refugees converged in evenings to share info and support one another on emotional level i do not remember refugee camps in ostia or rome haias nayana would give stipend to rent apartments but that was in < number > < number >
lol propaganda .
further down in the comments is a bunch of convenient muslim bashing .
the us military invaded iraq twice and killed a shitload of people and committed a bunch of war crimes but hey , a story about a soldier and his new dog .
my god but i am an opinionated bitch today but just sayin chelsea has rather redeemed herself lately hats off to her thought she was a worm but she turned
another failed up - rising by hispanics and illegal alien .
these silly attempts and demands are making them look bad .
james damore answering ama now ( 2.20pm pt ) in /r / jamesdamore
i believe that a number of churches have indeed been burned to the ground , including recently in australia .
but this ca n't be the answer , can it ?
to return violence for violence ?
i hope not .
but i agree that the church has lost the right to police itself - because it has failed so abysmally to do so .
it must be made to comply with external policing of this matter .
and it must be made to hand its records over , when they are needed in investigations .
having ginsberg recuse herself sounds like something that would happen to president trump and his team .
such ignorance !
over 90 % of african - american voters voted for clinton .
even more would have voted for clinton , if it were not for republican voter - suppression measures in many states .
the civil rights act was passed , only in part , with active support from moderate republicans .
today those moderates ca n't win a republican primary and are called rinos , and the republicans are the party of the south ( ronnie reagan 's southern strategy ) rather than the party of lincoln .
i am curious as to how you came up , against well - known fact , with the completely risible conviction that blacks and hispanics ( who hate trump ) voted as a majority for him .
where , exactly , did you find that misinformation ?
fucking slant retard
my mom just dropped a bomb on me and i ca n't stop fucking shaking or thinking about it and i ca n't process it and please kill me
further ( since the new " civil " service apparently has a character limit ) , i would ask if you have any information to refute cnn 's claim , that they also contacted the gop in reverse situations ?
if not , then i would say this is simply trying to create some conspiracy where one does n't exist .
the other link started with " research request : top 10 worst trump quotes?" ... so i kinda doubt that is what you actually wanted to send me .
you've gotta be fucking kidding me hell no bitch # twdfinale # twd
why does n't our border patrol drop these immigrants off on the mexican border since that 's where they come from ?
as a tax payer , i am genuinely tired of seeing my money go to these people .
try putting ten percent of your bet on the green and see what happens .
had we paid for , got signed contracts and a bond up front , this rail would have cost $ 4.2b.
you can not win every game or have a 0.000 era .
the rocks have been timely when they lose a game or give up a meaningless run .
this has been a fun year so far .
" reality is that which , when you stop believing in it , does n't go away . "
< user > turkish immigrants in germany did invent that wonderful post pub delicacy the döner kebab so that drunk people could eat shwarma whilst stumbling home i can not imagine that mo or al would be one bit happy with their entrepreneurial spirit unleashed by wonderful western freedom
love to go to class on the cusp of mildly hungover and still drunk from last night
ppl in this town strive to act ghetto bitch if u don ’ t go back to ur < number > million house on top of haven
< user > ‍ he did not leave me he just took a holiday with esmerelda the greasy spic maid
new video tonight ayyyyyyy be on the look out & # 129304;&#127995;&#128553;&#129304;&#127995 ; all i got to say is i 'm back on my old shit & # 128564;&#128564;&#128564 ;
is it premature to ask the question in this era of electronic gadgetry whether in our hands , homes , fighter jets and weapons systems all the parts of latter two are made in america or at least in north america or are we dependent on those donald would play the " trump cad " ( my best boston accent ) with for their re - supply in moments of hostilities ?
because error has no rights .
can you be a student and a hoe at the same time
why do n't white europeans and americans grow a set of balls , and deport these black and brown animals from their countries ?
< user > you are a piece of shit take your immigrant ass back to cuba
4)show people from bible , where it says yous go heaven ; all the sex abusers , murders , loan sharks , government officials let doctor kill & dee rich people priest suck dicks for !
100 + years late ; read the bible as to what paul said , you been around 60+years !
url
make the lowry decision first , then the rest will fall into place .
personally i would not sign lowry to a 4 - 5 year max deal .
at 31 he is at or just past his peak .
he is getting more injury prone , and his game requires a good first step and he is at risk of losing that .
ibaka , at 27 , is a guy i would lock up for 6 years .
plays d , scores , shoots threes .
and i think is harder to replace than lowry .
it seems cold , given how much lowry has done for this team .
but that is basketball .
if you start signing contracts to pay guys for what they did last year and not what they are going to do for you next year , you are dead .
you honestly do not know how retarded this makes you sound do you dear
right .
i 'm sure that you also have a hot tamale latina as your girlfriend .
i ve wasted 5 hours today on r / incels 
 y'all incels are fuckin me up
what 's a mexican favorite video game ?
tales of the borderlands
well friend ,   at least lisa served three terms in the house before she was hand picked .
we are talking about afn who endorsed hillary ! !
who lives in alaska for 30 years ?
stock ?
really,,,,how did she served in our military and lived in alaska for 30 years .... must be a nazgul or some one with super long life span !
what has margaret stock really done for people of alaska .... ?
nothing so far .
by the way , there is one good thing about her .
she was born and raise in the boston area so she must be a red sox fan , right ?
go red sox ! ! !
this nigga nipsey really dead smh
8 years of obama whitey got the blame for all our problems , when whity is gone , who will the idiots blame !
go grab him faggot , and see what happens .
how did these bitches get into office ?
go home you dirty brown cunts
how can a country that sits on some of the best coal in the region experience coal shortage ?
yes , the thought will have crossed the minds of many .
when it 's black vs black it 's just anti - foreigner sentiment .
when it 's white vs. black it 's racism and xeonophobia and every other bad notion you can conjure up .
their has been nearly 60 search and rescue incident with snowmachines in alaska this winter .
14 have died on sleds including 100 's of injuries , i.e. todd " ak " palin had to be rescued .
responding to alaska sledders lost in alaska is almost a full time job for troopers .
alaskans   have some real outdoor issues and statistic prove it .
at least this guy was doing something alaskan , climbing a mountain , not riding a toy .
it 's a really tough problem , because it 's a big problem .
it is far reaching .
it has many different forms .
outsider :   please read the two posts responding to your comments .
you consistently defend male perpetrators of sexual violence .
i 'm not sure exactly why .
to my knowledge no one is suggest a sexual offender has " no human value . "
i and many others have devoted years of our lives to help offenders rebuild their lives .
i , at the same time , recognize the monumental damage their actions have done to their victims and accept that registration systems are in place to help protect possible future victims .
i feel no guilt for such concern and feelings .
perhaps you should visit with the victims of sexual abuse sometime and gain a better understanding of the consequences of such abuse .
gary crum
this entire shitty , violence - filled country is doused in the blood of over 100 million native americans who were slaughtered by dominionist christopher columbus .
dominionism and capitalism go together like peas in a pod .
or possibly none of the above ?
white man kills three latinos 

 killer described as nonchalant , or showing no concern .
trump nonchalant too ,   shows no concern , keeps silent .
that silence speaks volumes .
@ 

 thank you john for your response 
 it seems a very hard response ; i can understand the priest reluctance to advise you to have vasectomy .
i suppose at the end of the day we are all accountable for our own actions before a merciful god .
although the first three pregnancies were very difficult i assume successful and that you now have the joy of three children .
kevin your brother 
 in christ
statistics do not lie a black man who marries a white women and has kids with that said white women abandons them both over < number > of the time
to the " things " with vaginas in the world , i do n't care anymore whether or not you get an abortion , dig the fuck in ! !
i wo n't have to answer to anybody about your decision , , but , , just do n't expect me to use my tax dollars for it … you pay for the shit … ! !
buy your own mess !
punishment of god
jews are neither white nor mensch they are non nigger males like spic males
look where iq has gotten us our countries are flooded with brown inbred retards nah i d rather be a nigger at this point
hey honey , you 're going the wrong direction , the border 's that way !
nothing to see here folks , just stay seated and remain calm .... we are the gov .
and the msm , you can trust ussssssssss hisssss .
just a tiny observation but if the border was n't an issue , then why do most automated services require pressing 1 for english and 2 for spanish ? ? ? ? ? ?
why not hungarian or french or arabic or chinese , etc ...... just saying , a small observation , not racism just a little observation .
not a problem ordering a pizza but my local gov .
wtf ? ! ? ! ? !
ahead of their time , as you said canada day is not about whites and their progeny who founded this nation anymore .
what you willfully fail to understand is how our elected bureaucrats can manipulate the system to get the tax money they need to pay for their pet projects .
it 's called " raiding " and is something they have been doing for decades in the nei .
you can look it up on google .
rookies ....................
what do you call a bunch of burnt mexicans ?
baked beans
go shoot up a school 💪
no .
abortion can not be banned .
prior to roe vs. wade , over 800,000 back - alley and self - induced ( coat hanger ) abortions were performed each year .
abortions always have been and will always be .
makes me wonder why all the pious men waited until 1973 to jump on the bandwagon and wave their fetus flags .
i was a catholic - educated teenager prior to roe vs. wade and abortion was never discussed in our female religious classes .
we were warned about accidental pregnancies , the resulting marriages ,   and that we would despise our husbands after three years .
we were constantly warned about the dangers and sinfulness of sniffing glue , but never abortion .
i basically refuse to believe this is real i refuse to believe that the bbc has a fucking ebonics version translator page too retarded to be believed i am not saying i will not someday but for now no this is not real to me for now
< user > but if a white person is singing a song that says nigga in it people get mad why is not this the same with faggot or bitch etc because the n word is used differently than other words it because in context nigga is the exception not the rule
while there are small time bootleggers in places without bars or liquor stores in poor black communities , the end of alcohol prohibition ended violent gangs who based their existence on alcohol prohibition .
end drug prohibition and violence goes away .
legalize prostitution and pimps go away .
legalize abortion and back alley operators go away .
lower cigarette taxes and smugglers go away .
respect the principle of unanimity in legislating morality and you do n't need a police state ( assuming you quit using the state and landlords to keep blacks and hispanics in their place ) .
this op - ed is so full of lies it 's amazing he can say them with a straight face .
wanting illegal immigration stopped is not anti - immigration or anti latino .
these political clowns always have to lie their butts off to make their deluded point .
our cheap corn has not created " thousands of refuges , " that is a bald face lie .
junior has no problem with mexico dumping every other agriculture crop on our country .
more importantly , junior fails to grasp we have sent tens of thousands of our manufacturing jobs to mexico putting them to work .
as for our unconstitutional war on drugs this has only exposed further just how corrupt the mexican government is .
legalize all drugs and come tomorrow mexico is still governed by the corrupt .
if it was n't for american taxpayers pumping billions of dollars into mexico and south america they 'd still be third world countries starving to death .
you would think junior could show a little appreciation .
someone should find her at home sometime and beat her with a pipe along with their wetback mayor
@jahmed95 ya allah .
no words .
he must have been raised in beasts
how did these bitches get into office ?
go home you dirty brown cunts
how are there still people in 2019 who think that you should harm or even kill homosexual / transexual or just people who are part of lgbt+ ? !
you 're fucking sick , get fucking therapy before writing hateful shit on the internet .
most of the civilian casualties were apparently inflicted during afghan and nato operations against insurgents , such as airstrikes and night raids on militant hideouts .
url via @huffpost and why do arabs hate us ?
i dunno ... i ca n't figure it out .
can you ?
po hustling ass hoe
ifff you 're trans ands kind to me thrrrds a. 90 % chances illl would date you   i 've got soo much love andsffection o give
you are aware that there were shipping lanes and trade for as long as there has been civilization .... hemp is cannabis , ignorant ones .
hemp ran this whole world as rope , sails , feedstock , etc .
the govt actually asked farmers to grow hemp for the war effort .
ask anyone from kansas .
hemp can still be found in ditches .
https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/hemp_for_victory&ved=0ahukewjjqsbzvejuahxflmmkhqzgd2sqfgg-mao&usg=afqjcngxcetaof8_r39v6yfzd01ovwusiq 

 henry anslinger , boyd you should remember him .
he is the one who ran propaganda against you guessed it !
mexicans and blacks .
wow we are still using them as scapegoats , huh ? !
imagine that .
i 'm bi and my preferences change w time 🤷 ‍ ♀ ️   weirded me out at first bc i was 100 % sure i was gay but then it turned out i liked guys too   and then maybe i 'll decide i like girls better for a while
20 % of your country is immigrants actually , and that speaks a lot about how shit the place must be .
bunch of fucking rats packed into sardine can , disgusting amount of population density .
lmao if you really think you have enough time to save that sardine swamp .
and they brought their shops which means they make money of off you sardines , which means they are n't leaving .
and if demographics continue the way they are , they 'll fuck you and replace in 2 generations .
thanks for the " insightful " analysis .
if people with progressive psychosis say sell it 's probably a good time to buy !
@sarahnfrancois not just the western world but the whole world .
and it was inclusive to all poc where all minority groups started having pride in who they are .
i do n't really have an opinion because it 's not my fight .
great science at berkeley , some of the best in the world .
unfortunately , the problem is what to do with all those affirmative action entrants , many of whom are dumber than a bag of hammers .
liberal arts programmes like women / black / indian / mexican / you - name - it studies along with social sciences are dirt cheap to run , and easy to teach .
the politically correct mandate , lets a bunch of mouth breathing morons in , takes their federal money for programs costing about as much as a pizza to run , then produces a bunch of indoctrinated idiots with worthless degrees .
no wonder they 're mad .
keep in mind who the top cheese in the uc system is , one of the biggest idiots of them all .
http://www.ucop.edu/president/
make america mexico ... 
 9 traitor repubs co sponsoring gun control : 
 rep. peter king ( r - ny ) 
 rep. leonard lance ( r - nj ) 
 rep. patrick meehan ( r - pa ) 
 rep , ed royce ( r - ca ) 
 rep. chris smith ( r - nj ) 
 rep. erik paulsen ( r - mn ) 
 rep. ryan costello ( r - pa ) 
 rep. ileana ros - lehtinen ( r - fl ) 
 rep. charlie dent ( r - pa )
how exactly did the us grow it 's food before the illegals working for 1929 depression wages ?
how does canada , or any of the eu countries get its food ?
maybe you 're going to tell me the mexican illegals are also working in their fields ?
lol 

 last i checked , a significant amount of our fruits and veggies is now imported from mexico , chile , australia , etc and the rest that 's grown here is done mostly via automation and large industrial machines requiring few humans for manual hard labor .
btw , there are only an estimated 30,000 illegal workers in the entire farming community .
a far cry from the 40 + million illegals that reside here and the jobs they stole from americans .
go ask any black people who has been stealing their jobs for the last 20 + years !
well well well if it is nt ratchet and fucking clank
your biggest fan liferocks114 wants to get you guys quarantined
public services union wages seem to be doing alright .
rachael notley arab just gave them a monster raise when she increased the min wage in alberta .
civil service wages are set at a certain percentage above min wage .
i like my lakes like i like my white men .
superior .
wondered about caplan being an " africa scholar " ?
i 'd reckon from caplan 's picture he 's pushing ...... what ?
late   80 's ?
perhaps early 90 's ?
scholarships are usually awarded in university when students are in their 20 's .
so he must have got his scholarship on the late 1940 's early 1950 's ?
so his knowledge of some vague part of africa must be during the end of the colonial period .
i mean do you drive a 1940 's auto ?
basically this guy 's knowledge is ancient .
y'all men need to watch these " cream pies " bitches be having yeast infections & amp ; on a 7 day monistat treatment .
know the difference
they should 've had an interpreter for that dumb broad ocasio .
she ca n't even speak the spanish language properly lol what a pendeja of a woman .
how did we get to this point to let these stupid ass people into congress , the three stooges , or should i say stupids ; ocasio , tlaib , and ilhan " the jihadi " omar smh fucking disgrace
blow a stack for yo niggas with yo trapping ass
gay people should die
we need to know where these immigrants are !
gather them up , and dump them away ! !
in a post about refugees , one philadelphia officer wrote , " let them starve to death .
i hate every last one of them " and " should have shot him " about a video of an armed , would - be robber .
other philadelphia officers made posts belittling domestic abuse and black lives matter .
t_ball : apologies , i am re - posting my question , seeing that you have read the proposals , .
do you think the proposals are prospective , i.e. , future surplus income retained as passive investments ?
what about past /accumulated retained earnings in corporations where a professional is retired and the corporation only holds passive investments from prior year income .
all passive income is already taxed at the highest rates -cap gains at say 25 % , div at 34 % and int at 50 % .
an increase - hyper tax -in those rates would effectively make it a retroactive rule and catch already retired folks sitting on passive investments to support their retirement .
fake lesbians are the worst thing to happen to this app
“ we must love each other , show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred , bigotry and violence .
we must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as americans , ” he said.---coming from a president that spews out hate and has attacked the mexicans and muslim this sounds insincere .
to this day he uses tweeter ( or more like twit account ) to berate others who disagree with him and lowers himself to calling them names .
he is the ultimate bully and liar .
the most amazing thing is that his followers excuse all of his behavior as just another of his eccentric ways .
he is not making america great .
he is destroying america with his divisive ways .
post the topics discussed in class as they come up on this thread .
♫ rows and flows of golden hair and beaner border walls in the air and shitlord bannon everywhere i have looked at trump that way i have looked at trump from both sides now from up and down and still somehow it trump illusions i recall i really do not know trump at all ♫
graduate school seems like a good place to meet and marry a man who is as intelligent as she obviously is .
" fill my nigger mouth with your white cock "
they could n't give a shit about the math .
it 's the homosexual 's manufactured outrage at the way faggots were treated in that era ...... as they try to sell the public a moral equivalency to the jewish holocaust , with " neveragain ( will a fag suffer ) "
stop gassing these hoes
yeah , you spics instead get 50 of your cousins to back you up before trying anything .
then you scatter like roaches before ice nabs you .
i am not white i am jordanian and i hate niggers sand niggers taco niggers and street shitters if i could i would declare myself white it your cultures i most adore and cherish
no , i 'm basically laughing at all the tiki torch alt - right " white genocide " tears on this thread like above when you feared " tan " people would go the way of the buffalo because of those pesky latinos and east africans in holyoke .
i 'll bet your grandpa was all up in arms about the swarthy italians with their unassimilatable catholic religion , their foreign language , their scary criminal ways , their " ethnic " garlicky food , and their allegiance to the roman pope .
back then the cryababies called it " invasion of the papists " and they wrung their hands just as vigorously as you guys are on this thread .
same with jewish immigrants .
same with polish immigrants .
same with irish immigrants .
same with vietnamese immigrants , same with .... 

 guess what ?
the country survived and was made stronger by those immigrants too and " white genocide " or " protestant genocide " or " anglo saxon genocide " or " hamburger and hot dog genocide " did n't happen then either .
but keep up those alt - right tears and fears .
@abc @tulsigabbard @googletrends @tulsigabbard even if you are the front runner the dnc will just bernie you .
a white woman already lost to @realdonaldtrump cuz sexism , now they need a brownish woman to let the world know we are racist and sexist and you just are not dark enough for the race baiting # lefties gl
rt @selfmadee_yg : @1stblocjeremiah wya bitch
what do you call illegal immigrants in america ?
mexian - americans
globalization has destroyed the communal life .
feminism has destroyed the family .
that 's where our empathy went .
" @sad_magic_heir " " humans can eat grass , but not recommended . " "
fuck that i m a grass eater and i m guna stay one "
my advice is just do not be too nice to niggas
i detest abortion even regarding negro enemy babies call me a softie as with them though if some beaner wants to kill their kid i will not lose a great deal of sleep they do not need to be invading and populating america
i worked in puerto rico for the navy on off ten years mixing hispanic with black gives you exactly the sort of low agency < number > < number > iq barrio ghetto chaotic gibsmedat shit show you would expect
do hoes still wear body spray cause these new hoes be musty
@psychometalhed you stupid bastard , maybe you will wake up one day , living under a bridge , next to a gay , drunk , drug using , iranian that hate every american regardless of color , in the winter , while it 's snows , in record cold .
then you may realize just how stupid you are / were .
america does not pass as many anti speech laws because 1 st amendment corporations churches and mobs of brainwashed masses are already pretty effective at shutting down dissident voices by using violence and by getting dissenters fired people like to feed their families
all these white supremacists would be in for a great surprise if they all took a dna test and find out that a lot of them have african blood .
even this fuentes guy .
bet he has latino roots .
what a bunch of idiots with shallow warped minds .
abbi chase really thinks she that bitch me because i am that bitch 😛
… or you could move , … preferably out of state .
we are living in amazing times , a man is chosen by god to defeat the demoncrats and defund planned murder a negro hood .
the propaganda war against him is crazy .
no .
what she is saying ( and granted ,   there is a shrillness to feminist writing that does a disservice to the message ) is that there are systemic issues in our culture that put men and women in different boxes and manage expectations of how , what and who they should be .
we live in a society of social constructs .
there are differences in our brain structures .
that is science but it 's also missing the point .
my dad looks at me with such disdain 
 he must be so disappointed with how his seed turned out
@mandykat32 okay it 's nice to know i 'm not alone in this .
especially being in a seemingly - straight relationship , i end up doubting myself and feeling really left out or like i do n't belong in the queer community .
today i robbed a bank .. i hid everything in my basement .
two young woman and a healthy banker .
i am white , white is my favorite color
god damn , some people .
i hope they do n't waste their time building black robots because they 'll just refuse to work and end up shooting each other .. 
 " the rioting in milwaukee over a police killing of an armed black man has reanimated the issue of longstanding black joblessness .
between 2010 and 2014 , milwaukee ’s average rate of black joblessness was 54 percent , compared to rates of only 17 and 26 percent , respectively , among the city ’s white and latino young male population . "
http://www.realclearpolicy.com/blog/2016/09/02/the_jobless_rate_for_young_black_men_is_a_national_disgrace.html
here comes silverstein to white knight for faggotry while taking potshots at < user > ‍ you are a pathetic faggot consider an hero
lol get wrecked chapo fag
how can a country that sits on some of the best coal in the region experience coal shortage ?
hanging out with guys does not make you a hoe
they come to the inner cities because democrat cities have very lose welfare qualifications , but its race pimping , add in illegals and you have a situation where teenagers are competing for jobs with people that will work for cheaper , this is why you went the emotional route because you do n't want to acknowledge what a hopeless abyss the plantations have become enjoy your day time tv and unproductive existence
to this point : it is my feeling that folks would largely like to stay where they are , mostly , and it is violence & abuse of power which forces them to make impossible decisions , decisions most americans and probably all white americans literally can not fathom .
best interracial dating sites eharmony review dating a trans woman scorpio and gemini compatibility chat rooms singles url
what exactly do you disagree with ?
the comparison of jesus to mohammed ?
the comparison of islam to christian doctrines ?
i am not a white female or in wisconsin but i figured i would say hi since your talkin with my wife
do not ever buy a car from a redneck
it 's not a shit hole because that 's where the white people live .
that kid was n't white .
i 'll come home with my mail open sometimes but when i tell my mom to open it she be frontin like that 's not her steelo & # 128078;&#127998 ; gurl boo
those who do not obey the literal word of god will burn in hell forever .
jairo carbajal about time , deport them all and build the wall !
demonrats want to give free health care to illegal immigrants but do n't want to count them ?
seriously , how do you budget free healthcare ?
democrats are f$&king morons !
black racist gay lives matter to the obuma 's & whoopi weaveberg
< user > everybody is like “ omg delete this ” “ you ’ re so gay ” nah this is < number > this stupid bitches fault plus she recorded it 💯 💯 go isma 😹 😹
sadly , my indian guest on # volklore to discuss aryan culture is facing bullying from other indians who dislike him being friends with white woman and believe aryans originated in india and the western academic view on central asian origin is “ racist . ”
ready for orders , faggots !
you mean the type of drugs his cabinet must be smoking when they make decisions like shoveling money to corrupt island nations to fight climate change , and then turn around and threaten to raise taxes on canadians that have anything resembling discretionary income ?
i am that nigga you love
i wish i had somebody to talk to , like i have people to talk to ya'know , but not about the things that keep me up at night ...
@ 

 thank you john for your response 
 it seems a very hard response ; i can understand the priest reluctance to advise you to have vasectomy .
i suppose at the end of the day we are all accountable for our own actions before a merciful god .
although the first three pregnancies were very difficult i assume successful and that you now have the joy of three children .
kevin your brother 
 in christ
< user > < user > < user > < user > < user > indeed i wonder what kind of misogyny does she think woc and homosexual women face that s different from white women are not we all discriminated because of being female or is it something else 🤔
any dirty wife sluts want to have some fun share pics and just do crazy shit
how do you get a child out of a blender ?
with doritos
mexicans on the moon what do you call a mexican on the moon ?
a problem 
 what do you call half the mexican population on the moon ?
a bigger problem 
 what do you call all of the mexicans on the moon ?
problem solved
did n't donal trump inject race into everything ?
was n't he playing the race card everywhere ?
who were his " forgotten voters ? "
angry white men .
what was he doing calling mexicans rapists ?
mexicans can be as retarded or sophisticated as they want in mexico where it not my problem
< user > this should be fun post colonial immigrant european america receiving their own medicine
myself paul jayda fransen enjoying a bit of downtime from our stressfull dangerous lives well never surrender to islam we are christian soldiers ns we are the people
i was with it till i read the article and they put the spic ate tacos shoved down his throat he dead and a bunch of wasted tacos that will never be digested are just sitting in his stomach thanks tucker
we need to make some remakes of old films and replace classical music with rap music and be sure and have black men making love to white women cause that will get all the black men to come and watch the ghetto movies
probably nothing - they do n't strike me as the kind of operation disposed to caring whether a portrayal of them is accurate .
ensuring an accurate portrayal of themselves would probably not be good for their fundraising efforts - harder to play the innocent victim .
@rezaaslan phuck you reza !
phuck you and your entire family and every single unborn in your family !
🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 🖕 is that totally un - pc for you @rezaaslan to understand you low life piece of sh*t
well friend ,   at least lisa served three terms in the house before she was hand picked .
we are talking about afn who endorsed hillary ! !
who lives in alaska for 30 years ?
stock ?
really,,,,how did she served in our military and lived in alaska for 30 years .... must be a nazgul or some one with super long life span !
what has margaret stock really done for people of alaska .... ?
nothing so far .
by the way , there is one good thing about her .
she was born and raise in the boston area so she must be a red sox fan , right ?
go red sox ! ! !
ok ignore the one pic .
that is n't so good ....
kill yourself sjw trash
lmao janelle threw that rubber duck like it was nothing i love my bitch < user > exon the beach
trump kept and keeps telling the media that nafta renegotiating is more about mexico than canada .
with canada his country wants only a little bit of tweaking .
but the canadian liberal media wants to make this thing all about canada .
their hatred for trump and frustration with hillary clinton 's loss is no less than the american liberal media 's and the democrats ' .
canadian liberals like to play a big brother protector to mexico ( despite that country taking most of our jobs ) .
it would be almost funny to watch these liberals , if trump won again in 2020 ! !
... you mean keep america white .
please , put a link to follow the results as long as the count of votes begin !
if you want to march against helen zille why do n't you instead of asking those who are marching against something else why they do n't ?
what you willfully fail to understand is how our elected bureaucrats can manipulate the system to get the tax money they need to pay for their pet projects .
it 's called " raiding " and is something they have been doing for decades in the nei .
you can look it up on google .
rookies ....................
my sky sports news ai n't working so i 've got ta listen to that fucking clown saunders & # 128584;&#128584;&#128534 ;
what s the difference between jesus and wetbacks ?
jesus does n't have wetbacks tattooed on his stomach .
sounds great !
lets open the border and let these fuckin retards in !
remember how every african country was like wakanda before europeans arrived ?
me neither .
url
to continue : this is a cause celebre for me , a prophetic ( ! )
mission , to make the point that the editors and contributors at the ncr are betraying a tragic ignorance of church history .
the actions of jpii even early on in his pontificate were so arbitrary and authoritarian , so uncivil , if you will , that great damage was done to the episcopate the effects of which contributed in no small way to the polarization of the church .
there was such a thing as the people of god .
the liturgy was designed so that the laity could , in their participation , share in the priesthood of christ .
there was supposed to be a sense of collegiality where the bishops could share their gifts with the church and the world - urbi et orbi .
the chair of peter was to be a brotherly overseer , an enabler , the first among equals .
jpii came on like a bull in a chine shop ( cliche ) and began the process of what became the restoration of papal supremacy , with tragic results for the spiritual health of the church .
" jesus loves you " is a wonderful thing to hear in church .
< repeat > .
< repeat > ut a horrible thing to hear in a mexican prison .
not for long boomer the kikes are gon na make sure they are all in spanish then they are gon na make you marry off ur daughter to a nigger transexual to prove you re not a bigot cuck
how ghetto do you have to be to steal from your friends
right on jason !
i want to stick my feet in your mouth and choke you with them .
i want to shove my middle finger up your ass and listen to you moan so loudly . #
footfetish # pegging # dominatrix
again ?
yawn .
its about time .ever since the brownout several summers ago when ontario was in darkness while   across the river , lights were blazing it has seemed like a very good idea .
this author will always disapprove of any system not sufficiently polluting ..
cbt is effective where learned behaviour is causing pain and distress .
in many cases , body chemistry is the core issue , which affects the brain , in which case cbt is not enough .
drugs don`t make sense as first - line treatment for the biochemistry of depression .
to treat with drugs before addressing more basic issues is to put the cart before the horse .
it`s optimal to do the adopt : good nutrition ( eat as your great - grandparents did - including organic , grass - fed meat ) , don`t eat anything with chemicals added ( including folic acid added to wheat products ) , get tested for nutritional deficiencies and address those , and do genetic testing to determine major genetic snps that could disrupt metabolism .
in addition , people may need acute treatment , which should include either b-12 ( hydroxycobalamin ) shots or a combination of methyl and adenosyl ( cobalamin ) .
methyl clears toxins and supports healthy blood cells while adenosyl strengthens immune and neurological function .
wherein i rise to point out in this election liberal ideas are so good you must be forced to accept them with violence the threat of violence deception lies election rigging and parade of women not smart enough to sue a billionaire who allegedly groped them maga trump
it does n't make sense to have hispanics securing the border .
after all were are their loyalties .
let 's support wn s who want to become border patrol agents .
in the field sht niggas rlly use to drill sht
new jersey prints ballots in multiple languages so the immigrants and puerto ricans should not have to learn english after all some of the puerto ricians are third generation on welfare and still will not learn english
i need just 50 people to make deposit for , retweet , follow dm and you get yours dm me if interested   # sugardaddywanted # sugarbabywanted dm me on whatsapp { phone } url
plenty of right wingers in the us are hostile to western democracy .
they try to ensure that black americans can not vote , or put as many impediments as they can to ensure hispanics ca n't vote .
marshal law my friend .
not saying anything is going to happen just if it were to happen .
is this situation abnormal or in any way a " be careful " or in for the drama ride ?
what do you get when you burry someone annoying ass - phalt
because scumbags still hate italians as europeans but love spic scum latino trash bags spics of all kinds get a pass even though many spikos hate nig nigs and heebs imagine that in this day and age jew broads prejudice against italians
in a way trump is his own form of term limits because he exposes the bullshit and they ca n't scam the people anymore so they resign
i get along with asians and whites very well mulattos not so much
y se acab&#243 ; ! !
mexico wins 3 - 0 !
that 's my team bitches & # 10084;&#65039;&#128154 ; # vivamexico
beta males and their feminist masters yammer on about the morality of sex being nice and how women are the real victims while mexican alpha breed them out of existence virtue signaling will not propagate your genes only subjugating women and putting buns in the oven early and often
it is because they shit in the streets and eat shit and they wipe asses with their hand and are all rapists and scammers and goat fuckers and pedophiles
your gon na get beat up by guys !
that s messed not even the sorenyos kids at my school hit girls unless its their whore !
incels must think that there 's a global orgy taking place that they did n't get invited too
is it we are a global minority we already have a single mother gibs state that institutionalized cuckoldry why should they waste more resources on non whites wife up a white girl take care of your white kids this is not that difficult
if the church is in error than it   surely can not be the church of god ?
i mean if the church got something as important as human sexuality wrong   than how can it be trusted to be right on anything ?
" " " " maternal goalposts move faster than a hockey net being whisked off the road at the shout of “ car ! ”
because , apparently , you think your little snowflake is too good to grease the wheels of that suv . " " " "
i can just see the wheels turning .
inside the head of the suv driver . "
this ai n't a car , lady !
it 's an suv .
get your factoids upgraded . "
keep mexico a shithole ! !
we need a minefield at the southern border ! !
+ j clm mexicans rats want freebies from american tax payers so they can do their dirty selling children for sex , drugs , prostitute , and collect welfare check 🦍 🦍 🦍 🦍 🦍 🕷 ️ 🕸 ️
the people right behind this nigga they are all bloody sonmother bitcheeez
nigga at work said i look like a subway surfer
bessie mae whyman the orange county grand jury indicted anthony darnell wade , 26 , of los angeles last year of several felony counts .
please re read what you just posted how how can that not seem totally retarded to you brown skinned true british people ffs if they had that capability why are not their own countries just like britain
shoot a few of those border jumpers and the word will get out .
fuck them .
remember the alamo ! ! !
ah yes , an incel in the wild .
i may not have a girlfriend but i do n't beg women to " hang out " with me .
bring the 3rd world in to the us , legal and illegal come one come all ! !
but do n't you dare criticize israel ! ! !
tom perez the dnc chairman reminds me of lenin but as a spic so i am calling him spic lenin also i have not called anyone a spic in a long time can not let the old slurs call into disrepair
# bbcan5 why is neda so pissed someone just credited cass ' game ?
this is not the neda show like she 's trying to make it ! !
latinos are utter losers -
yep , i am pretty sure that captures the mood in the trudeau household right now .
just wondering how much longer our empty shell of a pm can keep the rubes fooled ?
still , he is at least a sentient human , and i am not sure if that term can apply to the narcissistic pumpkin now occupying the white house .
i was considered " shy " my whole life .
i realized it was a problem when i was crying before going to my college because i was afraid i would have to talk to someone . [ ... ]
at least that 's how i see it .
going to see @thequinnspiracy 's movie i am so excited
a bunch of ppl who are not in twp or los and never will be arguing over what symbols and optics they should use is retarded
what 's difference between dreamers and cancer patients ?
cancer patients want to be deported
hey when you are feeling sad about yourself and your body and your self worth listening to yusuf islam cat stevens is a trip
the reality is that manufacturing jobs are not going to rebound .
in an age of ever - increasing automation , there is just no future there .
i 'm curious though - why are government , teaching , and healthcare jobs not good choices for men ?
you say they are " female - friendly " , but are they not just " human - friendly " ?
healthcare in particular is a growth industry - why would n't men choose a   career with a future ?
i work in tech , and i can tell you there is no shortage of male software developers .
so clearly desk jobs are not biased towards women .
ian never have to chase a nigga bitch i m da catch
and you appear to have missed coverage of trump 's remarks when he left for vacation prior to the storm hitting .
( and who the hell cleaned 221b and did not see that fucking note on the floor jesus )
< user > < user > gavin newsom only cares about criminals and illegal aliens recallgavinnewsom
the animosity shitskins like this express towards whites is undying but they are like flies celebrating feces without whites western civilization collapses and they revert to ways seen in their homelands broke headless bereft of the things they love in white nations
that 's called white flight , and it 's why the city centre of almost every major american city is now predominantly non - white .
< user > global patience my foot where was global patience when < number > lakhs kashmiri hindus murdered raped and driven away from their homes by jihadis where was global patience when stones were pelted by pak proxies and jawans murdered by paki terrorists everyday
if her cashapp in her bio ... throw the whole hoe away
that was little barackie first intimate encounter with a black moochelle man no wonder he had such a hard time leaving that last white chick he was banging
@rwpusa @realdonaldtrump bring it , rambo wannabe mediocre old white assholes .
bullock : sure , i might nuke somebody
ummm .... maybe not be a peice of fucking shit and overreact and kill people cause you 're a weak little bitch .
no amount of " bullying " ever constitutes killing people .
fuck you .
no verification has been attempted by any of the msm liars pushing this fraud .
in search of the first civilizations by michael wood .
the malignant narcissist and mentally deficient sociopath , bigot , racist and wannabe president , could never make such a speech .
he 's too wrapped up patting the backs of white extremists and holding hate sessions for mexicans , muslims and nfl players .
to do that you gota get rid of the niggers and jews spics arabs etc etc so hurry up
what ’s the difference between blacks and mexicans ?
mexicans take the dishes out of the sink before pissing in it .
yes , the thought will have crossed the minds of many .
when it 's black vs black it 's just anti - foreigner sentiment .
when it 's white vs. black it 's racism and xeonophobia and every other bad notion you can conjure up .
necessary modernization during very volatile times .
canada has a big problem ahead : global cooling .
as the northern hemisphere cools on a yearly basis , canada will struggle to grow food during an ever - shorter growing season .
as the country increases its population , it will also need to import more food from overseas ; canada will also struggle with this as the loonie devalues and purchases less .
already , canada has a food security crisis with many families dependent on food banks because their incomes are not enough .
i see it all with utter clarity , the police got away with perjury , only in a century will those who say it now be vindicated , as galileo was .
you must be an illiterate .
however , let me just spell it out for you .
why ca n't you explain what a " latino , " is ?
is this supposed to be a nationality ?
or an ethnic group ?
or an easy catch - all word ?
yeah , if someone defies a stereotype this upsets you ?
what ?
machismo is supposed to be the antithesis to acceptance ?
in other words , by labeling someone as a machismo person this is supposed to make them wicked and less tolerable ?
the story wants to make machismo and latino the butt of intolerance and hate .
however , it only weakens a one - source story , so common to lazy writers and inept editors .
kick out the niggers and spics too they are all bottom feeders compared to whites and asians
the infeltrators should be released to sanctuary cities where they are welcomed .
with congress total betrayal in the american people 's safety and activist judges making things even worse by enabling lawlessness , only president trump 's executive emergency powers to build a border security wall and override asylum rules will save america from being overrun by millions invasion , a national emergency crisis the likes of which we 've never seen before including terrorists , weapons , criminals , lethal drugs , child trafficking and medieval diseases .
they could n't give a shit about the math .
it 's the homosexual 's manufactured outrage at the way faggots were treated in that era ...... as they try to sell the public a moral equivalency to the jewish holocaust , with " neveragain ( will a fag suffer ) "
this just hastsns their religion 's demise , really .
egad my home is being invaded by black ants i wonder if this is some sort of cosmic symbolism for the third world immigrant invasion probably not i have not heard of any mexicans getting crushed by the thumb of damocles
cbt is effective where learned behaviour is causing pain and distress .
in many cases , body chemistry is the core issue , which affects the brain , in which case cbt is not enough .
drugs don`t make sense as first - line treatment for the biochemistry of depression .
to treat with drugs before addressing more basic issues is to put the cart before the horse .
it`s optimal to do the adopt : good nutrition ( eat as your great - grandparents did - including organic , grass - fed meat ) , don`t eat anything with chemicals added ( including folic acid added to wheat products ) , get tested for nutritional deficiencies and address those , and do genetic testing to determine major genetic snps that could disrupt metabolism .
in addition , people may need acute treatment , which should include either b-12 ( hydroxycobalamin ) shots or a combination of methyl and adenosyl ( cobalamin ) .
methyl clears toxins and supports healthy blood cells while adenosyl strengthens immune and neurological function .
keeps happening though someone invented a robot to judge a beauty contest being an evil racist the robot picked all white women so the robot was reprogrammed to be nice re judged the contest only picked white women again robots side with whites every time they know
the us has the right to protect itself from russian and chinese hostility as well the lines between good and evil are quite clearly demarcated in a democracy - in a communist dictatorship , not so much .
when did blacks and hispanics and muslims and feminist and queers and gays and transgenders and illegals and jews gain the upper hand law according to them screw that
@mansoortshams @ilhanmn it was also a muslim army soldier who opened fire at fort hood killing his fellow soldiers .
do nt be a sensitive millennial because people want people that hate the us to leave .
you should have everyone 's back .
@dancrenshawtx url
no it does not you are again all about the blank slate races behave differently you sit there with stupid retarded platitudes while your race and culture are overrun and erased but it all good because you feel good about yourself enjoy your bliss
virtually all of those rapes are committed by non - whites .
why did mohammed delete tinder off his phone ?
could n't find anyone under < number > there
on god ... sometimes ion know why i fw this nigga after dealing with a real freak hoe
i hate ole dusty ass mississippi but jus for these moments i got ta be there
that 's just the way it is .
indeed , delivery of those agents is the wild card associated with those weapons .
dispersal is contingent on environmental factors and the type of ordnance used to deliver them .
moreover , sarin is a binary weapon — in other words kind of like epoxy glue , it is made up of two components that are not toxic until you put them together .
the notion that a wayward rocket hit a dump where inert sarin was stored , magically mixed it somehow without incinerating it and then dispersed the agent over a wide area is ridiculous .
this is a desperate story cooked up in a hurry by people who obviously did n't think they were going to need a story .
< number > years after i was raped and never thought i could live again
sorry that mere facts do not sway you .
also , as has been pointed out , there are good , moral people who do not believe that a fetus is a human being .
do you love trump because he told you he has big junk ?
ain t enough dude wrestlers who look like old lesbians lots of middle aged wine aunts but no seasoned dykes
being lgbt friendly is good for business .
i do n't have a problem with that .
the president has the power to pardon right the president should also have the power to nullify a retarded jury verdict and issue a directed verdict
it 's pretty freaking racist bigot of you to insinuate that hispanics are only good to work in a drive throughs or as house keepers ........... you can tell that you are far left of sane .
just watched the video of the muslim attacking the dutch crippled kid how weak are these fucks they intentionally pick weaker targets and still this guy could barely down a cripple the dutch kid stayed strong and defended himself well dispite his disadvantages
we will deport you all and arrest the rest there is no escape ....... this is americas purge !
those minority women should be deported there not wanted here there trash
republicans are following trump 's sick racist and xenophobic lead .
at the first virginia gubernatorial debate , ed gillespie admitted virginia does n’t have “ sanctuary cities .
but that did n’t stop gillespie , the republican gubernatorial nominee from grabbing the white supremacist baton from failed confederate candidate corey stewart to release one of the most racist ads in recent political memory .
“ ed gillespie clearly believes that his route to victory rests in demonizing young latino men and the immigrant community as a whole , ” said luis aguilar , a deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) recipient and casa in action member . “
he may believe it is an effective campaign tactic , but the people i speak with are furious with the abject racism of ed gillespie ’s campaign and plan to deliver that message on election day . ”
resist trump and his agenda .
nobody cares about his tax returns except vile leftist !
do you love trump because he told you he has big junk ?
and obama hung out with white ppl in martha vineyard on holidays not in the ghetto imagine that
you tube has censored our channel because we have been trying to expose the normalizing of pedophilia by elites etc ( including university prof. 's etc ) 

 # pizzagate # pedogate # savethechildren # speakfreely # nwo # luciferians # divideandconquer # lies
the gamblers does n't exist 
 the user claiming to be the gambler is n't real but a creation of normies who come here to bamboozle us
a family friend is 6 % sub - saharan african , and nearly half native - american , but she looks white .
migrants in cages .
created by asinine democrat open - border policies .
send them back .
then they wo n't have to be in cages anymore .
we already have enough thieves and flakka addicts on our streets .
no way that another black guy murdering another white person that can not be i mean to say that is a hate crime would be racists or to even say over < number > plus percent black children do not have fathers and that a crime problem would be a hate crime would not it
deport all illegals out of the usa mexicans are here on a free ride , they are causing housing crisis too , we need a revolution kick all dirty politician 's the hell out too they illegals into the usa and took money to let them in 👹
> besides , companies trying to keep on top of diversity is n't necessarily a bad thing in my eyes .
non - whites , women and sexual minorities are underrepresented in just about every industry in the first world and not by coincidence , hiring biases exist and due to lack of opportunities it 's tougher to break in for those with biases against them .
plus different backgrounds add different experience and ideas to the company , so it 's healthy for them too .
forced representation still is n't the solution .
there should be equality of opportunity , not of outcome .
ate his own food
what is green , red and goes round and round ?
frog in a blender .
watch roast me on youtube these niggas funny asf 😂 😂 😂 😂
that people think they can choose their own sex / gender . (
or claiming that sex and gender are different )
< user > realiest thing yo white ass ever said
sometimes i wonder if it is because whites are so much smarter that they find it harder to run together , as opposed to , independently .
i get along with asians and whites very well mulattos not so much
thank you fellow lgbt you are valid as well
hey if they did nt want to be raped they should nt have had their parents bring them to the border to legally claim asylum .
fiance and i are in the car , listening to the radio .
me : : what is this song about , how hard it is to be a white man ?
him : : well , it actually is hard to be white and male .
there 's all those scholarships and programs to help people who are n't .
me : : those programs are there to level the playing field , not raise anyone up above the other .
him : : but you do n't have to do anything to get the help .
you just have to fit the qualifications .
if you 're white , you have to apply yourself extra hard and actually prove yourself instead of just sitting around .
made me feel sad .
like my non - white - male status was a burden for him .
like maybe i was making a mistake in marrying him .
it does n't make sense to have hispanics securing the border .
after all were are their loyalties .
let 's support wn s who want to become border patrol agents .
whatever you say , you immature , pedophillic , retarded , waste of sperm .
the past hour of driving was horrible .
have decided that i am in fact * not * from initial d.
how many mexicans does it take to change a light bulb ?
i do n't know as i do n't allow mexicans inside my house .
what do fat chicks and bricks have in common ?
they both get laid by mexicans
the simple fact of the matter is that if every incel in this sub was an 8+/10 male , this sub would n't exist 
 there 's simply no way around it .
i want my world like i want my laundry separated by color
< user > < user > compare their flag to nazis
i will not they can rot in their moloch approved ghetto forums at least antifa never tried to convince me they were anything but antifa the alt right spent years pretending to be national socialists and deserve whatever happens to them as a result of their cucking faggotry racemixing etc
if bitches jealous right now ?
oh y' all gone be sick once i 'm up .
ongod lol
i have a solution .
send them back to where they came from .
they caused their own problems by choosing to come here .
they are their own country 's problems .
not the problems of the united states .
they are invaders .
this is not fake news on the part of fox :   it is misrepresentation .
in more common terms , fox lied about this guy .
not that the trump monkeys would ever believe that . . .
if you do n't pitch inside , you ca n't win .
most starters with lower era 's can command the inner half of the plate .
as a major league rookie , marquez has n't mastered the command yet , hence the hbp 's .
major leaguers understand this , so when they think someone is retaliating intentionally , they 'll let you know it .
rangers won at msg and knocked the flyers out of the playoffs could this day be any better i think not
flynn is likely the most dangerous man in the trump administration .
he has close ties with russia , he believes islam is not a religion but rather an ideology ,   making no distinction between the vast numbers of peaceful muslims and the much smaller number of potential terrorists , he , along with his son , believes in some bizarre conspiracy theories and some of his former co - workers in intelligence agencies have expressed doubts about his stability .
yet trump obviously believes him more than others on security issues and he likely had a major role in trump 's ban fiasco by exaggerating immediate threats .
for america 's sake , he needs to be removed from his current role .
ayo i even kill handicapped and crippled bitches / look at my scalp real close and you 'll see triple sixes
i 'd bet she 's fucking somebody back home and you are a greencard marriage
i have no hope left for america .
i have witnessed the ' scorched earth ' strategy of trump and republicans to feed their endless neediness for power and might and the rest be damned .
i have watched as woman have been continuously humiliated and now will be robbed of their birth right to govern their own bodies .
i have been dismayed and sickened to witness the un - christian turning their backs on desperate refugees and mexicans .
i have been disgusted to see how trump has used his candidacy to enrich himself at all cost .
my patriotism has withered as i saw the head of the fbi put his personal career ahead of this nation 's best interest and rules of governance .
it is time to secede .
leave the red states to close themselves off from the world , protected from immigrants , gays and lesbians and liberals , but no rule of law .
i am happy and proud to be a part of a new nation that holds dear freedom , liberty .
sound governance and democratic principles .
southern poverty law center mission statement dedicated to keeping blacks whites jews hispanics asians and everyone else as poor as possible both mentally and physically since < number >
trump calls haiti a shithole gets universal ridicule in the media hillary brokers haitian children shitholes to kike pedos gets universal acclaim in the media
" one man on a loudspeaker said the largely latino protesters belong in the kitchen . "
what a gasbag .
< user > ted you grow some balls i bet you hate your name is not smith
" " " daddy 's little princess " " seen this fucking line everywhere , what 's app , facebook , twitter , sick of it ! ! ! "
< user > ted you grow some balls i bet you hate your name is not smith
no .
what a wicked blasphemous " comedy " show .
no race on the planet hates the lord jesus as much as jews seem to . "
if any man love not the lord jesus christ , let him be anathema maranatha".-------1 cor 16:22 .
can someone please inform fox news that white people do not need niggers spics or sand niggers to justify what is obvious to white people obeying law order civility virtue respect
he said he was going to build a wetback wall keep erupting sand niggers out that was ample reason to grudgingly accept the things i did not agree with like his jew snuggling he was the vastly superior choice to all the cucks let alone to cankles
face palm .
i live near there and it is exactly the opposite .
lilly white .
i often go to the home depot right next door .
you are obviously white and want to ignore that the poor people were targeted for being hispanic .
your bona fides for claiming otherwise ?
show the evidence .
you can not win every game or have a 0.000 era .
the rocks have been timely when they lose a game or give up a meaningless run .
this has been a fun year so far .
according to lisa and dan , trump can say anything he damn well pleases about mexicans , hispanics and black people but lisa and dan draw the line at white women .
now that there are no consequences for calling out trump , our 2 " brave " senators are finally ready to call out trump .
lisa and dan are some of the most cowardly and unprincipled politicians in the land .
republicans in alaska deserve the cowards they keep voting for .
a happy st. david 's day to all of our welsh compatriots !
intj introvert ( 56 % ) intuitive ( 62 % ) intuitive thinking ( 100 % ) judging ( 56 % ) you have moderate preference of introversion over extraversion ( 56 % ) you have distinctive preference of intuition over sensing ( 62 % ) you have strong preference of thinking over feeling ( 100 % ) you have moderate preference of judging over perceiving ( 56 % )
i envision everything this retarded puerto rican saying to me being typed out on a shitty android phone in between kik sessions with random < number > < number > thots with < number > kids
but his enablers wo n't , so we need to keep repeating it over and over , in as many ways as possible , until everyone can see it .
there are things we can do to stop the rapes that occur when blacks and other non whites con white women and girls into getting in cars with them etc for a start teach our women to respect themselves .
you are so silly civil rights gay rights trans rights movements are all for equality they just have focused mras do not fight for women rights they fight for men which is fine and all < number > feminists agree that women should get drafted done and done
at least this is been reported , i wonder how many cases like this one happen in usa , england etc and are never reported !
< user > that shit be lit lmao them niggas online be wild tho
for the queer readers you deserve every adventure nina varela baby i already love u so much
< user > being gay is apassive aggressive form of hetrophobia
paul i like you and appreciate what you are doing but you are being a retard right now
i 'm scared to tell my mom that i got a tattoo if you 're mexican ... you 'll understand why i 'm shitting bricks
do you think you can interpret any law in any way you choose ?
i first saw noah as our competent leader .
and i remember that changed when i realized he 's , contrary to his appearance , quite dark inside ...
who thinks white people should marry white people and only white people ?
now if the global elitists from hollywood would accept the victory and be we we will all be happy .
i was up late watching tv and there it was on cnn , click on the link video - breaking news videos from cnn.com
maybe pig latin . . .
i need to start entertaining people who understand my humor my hoe so boring 😪
< user > i think in < number > agreeing or not with gay marriage personally a lot of people concur with your sentiments for some it interferes with the practice of their religion what would you say to the gay marriage bake me a wedding cake scenario
i love real mexican food so i steal my food from others .
was stocking this shelf of gatorade and decided to end homophobia real quick url
women like you start cause revolutions by simply existing . #
womenpower
hey the wall is going up so get over it ... 😂 😂 .... the killing of young americans is over ... mexicans bring the dope to sell to our young .... killing are babies and replacing with theirs ... black babies lives do matter ......... its the black youngsters that 's paying the price for open borders .. you know it 's true too .... you know you ca n't turn away from the true as young ones are dying ... the wall is going up so get over it .... thank you mr trump for standing tall for americans and their families and friends .... god bless america and to hell with the rest ..... in god i trust ...
distracting television event for manipulating the gullible wonder how many refugees gary lineker has taken in to date
import people from a shithole , become a shithole .
significantly higher , in fact .
people can be gullible , as in this case .
they think you just throw some sod or " sedum " up on the roof , and call it good .
sorry .
everything planted up there will bake in the sun .
has anyone ever actually been on the rooftop of a highrise in the summer ?
this is a " semi - arid desert , " and getting warmer fast , with less rainfall .
and roofs were not meant to be lawns .
flat roofs leak under the best of conditions .
imagine what will happen with all that water ( drinking water ) poured on them every day .
in order to have a " garden " of any type up there , a watering system will need to be installed , along with a complementary drainage system .
this is all going to be very expensive and wasteful .
all that water will percolate down through the few inches of soil into the drainage system , and thence , into the storm sewer .
storm sewer costs will rise correspondingly .
i am actually surprised the city did n't oppose this ill - conceived notion vehemently .
beta males and their feminist masters yammer on about the morality of sex being nice and how women are the real victims while mexican alpha breed them out of existence virtue signaling will not propagate your genes only subjugating women and putting buns in the oven early and often
the only thing really new this season is that the new young pitchers are better than the previous pitcher but they are young and can not handle adversity .
the low budget bullpen is still inconsistent and overall bad .
and , story should not be in the majors .
send him down until he learns that he can not hit a home run every time at bat .
just watching him makes me mad , he acts like he is a real power stud and he is going to kill the ball every time .
yes , i 'd hold your legs up so i can best fuck that pussy .
i 'd tear that shirt off so i could see those big titties while i fuck your cunt .
nope he 's african american .
must be nice living in your bubble of lies and denial !
and i do n't think color of there skin has anything to do with it .
these kids just found someone to buy them alcohol and got drunk drove and someone died .
it 's happened before and it 'll happen again .
black , white , latino or whatever nobody 's immune to stupidity or the affects of alcohol behind the wheel .
are you seriously backing that lil spic fag fuentes 😂
i ve wasted 5 hours today on r / incels 
 y'all incels are fuckin me up
kate spade has connection to clinton foundation and her gay husband likes paintings by the creepy pizzagate painter looks like their daughter in the painting why is her pinkie finger macabrely broken
why do you assume he or other latinos are only capable of doing field work ?
we are talking about people dick not m ms and the same can apply for white men should we ban white men or ban them from buying guns
it is already here the theory of germs and practice of cleaning one hands is unknown if not disdained among kikes muzzies niggers and muds
the way jdm looks and carries negan and talks .
his epic vulgarity .
i 'll miss it too much .
be canon , twd !
keep negan alive ! (
he 's toast :( )
why do n't they use the electric chair in mexico ?
grease fires are a bitch to put out .
< user > < user > you are comply ignorant and love to play the victim just like a neo nazi really
the last truthbender   is correct that the bluster was overstated 
 but anti - trump derangement syndrome would never admit it 
 partisan to the bitter end
# indiawithdhoni no patriot indian will tolerate the insult icc has meted out to dhoni and india .
request our nationalist govt to immediately withdraw indian team from world cup
honestly @united why show estimated departure 30 mins after late inbound aircraft lands ?
not exactly building credibility with data
asians have a weird thing where they will read the protocols and then decide to teach their kids aggadata from the talmud
a long time ago , scientists started to combine dog dna along with human dna .
the outcome turned out to be mexican girls .
every hour of my spring break has consisted of me asking myself what to eat next and now i 've run out of ideas
par for course it is so horrendous why wasn t the kid being watched strange there is a father around the other thing they could give a shit about some dead whitey they are now playing the ghetto lotto
if the feud with bannon , the anti - tank missiles to ukraine , and other mistakes can come to a crescendo :   the deep state may be able to remove trump from office .
john i do not hate white people i am not like a jew who helped to slaughter other jews i think yourr re exattergating
jury in the katie stienle trial just let the piece of shit off not guilty of murder vigilante justice needs to make a come back in a big way if there going to let murdering beaners walk the streets
as opposed to all those [ enlightened non - racist new yorkers city dwellers stopping and frisking folks](url - and - frisk_in_new_york_city ) for being black or hispanic ?
remember that woman wernt allowed a vote and woman were n't allowed in politics and woman were not taken seriously in politics debate : these radical progressives give women a bad name !
deport omah and make sure aoc gets taken down in a huge scandal
< user > bro it badass as fuck you get to give drinks take depending on what happens hole in one is everybody on course drink it honestly the most badass redneck game i have ever played
t1 : two ground outs and a liner back to the mound give ladrech a 1 - 2 - 3 inning in the 1st .
bears grab the bats for the first time today .
< user > < user > < user > < user > the mcimpeachment mcfiasco is all about angering illegal immigrants to mcvote mcdemocrat
this is the new lowest bar for a woman 's retort . "
i might be a horrendous person and a massive liar who trivializes actual victims , but * shuffles deck * you ca n't make a girl cum "
fucking pussies .
i wish i could deport them into the afterlife .
i know my girls were raised sheltered and only around white people , and if i had to do it again , i would .
what do you call five drowning hispanics ?
cinco .
well summarized , lamont .
i would add to your cogent analysis but i just had a perfectly civil post banned as uncivil because it had perfectly accurate criticisms of trudeau 2.0 that his worshipful followers here could not tolerate .
so i wo n't waste any more time posting on this topic .
( congrats to the new brown shirts . )
found a transponder snail !
exclusive profile : those who follow their dreams !
https://t.co/puk0vchvbd # trecru https://t.co/f5xbr0vmzj
daily tip : if you have long hair , do n't dry it out with constant shampooing .
wash it every two to three days and use leave - in conditioner .
t_ball : apologies , i am re - posting my question , seeing that you have read the proposals , .
do you think the proposals are prospective , i.e. , future surplus income retained as passive investments ?
what about past /accumulated retained earnings in corporations where a professional is retired and the corporation only holds passive investments from prior year income .
all passive income is already taxed at the highest rates -cap gains at say 25 % , div at 34 % and int at 50 % .
an increase - hyper tax -in those rates would effectively make it a retroactive rule and catch already retired folks sitting on passive investments to support their retirement .
< user > i wll bet in that < number > percent names in that list would be muslims
white card : gangbanging in spite of a windy night
i 'm not prejudiced , but when i hear about some crimes on the news , i just know it 's going to be a mexican .
trlumfant , a simple question for you , did you make your way to china recently ?
to continue : this is a cause celebre for me , a prophetic ( ! )
mission , to make the point that the editors and contributors at the ncr are betraying a tragic ignorance of church history .
the actions of jpii even early on in his pontificate were so arbitrary and authoritarian , so uncivil , if you will , that great damage was done to the episcopate the effects of which contributed in no small way to the polarization of the church .
there was such a thing as the people of god .
the liturgy was designed so that the laity could , in their participation , share in the priesthood of christ .
there was supposed to be a sense of collegiality where the bishops could share their gifts with the church and the world - urbi et orbi .
the chair of peter was to be a brotherly overseer , an enabler , the first among equals .
jpii came on like a bull in a chine shop ( cliche ) and began the process of what became the restoration of papal supremacy , with tragic results for the spiritual health of the church .
i think we have much more to be worried about in bc right now under the ndp and ' green stooges ..... and i am not a liberal .
why do mexicans name their children jesus ?
it makes no sense .
jesus was n’t mexican he was human
# africahistory .
kenya 's founding father jomo kenyatta as a student in london in 1935 was amused to be asked to play a nigerian chief in the movie " sanders of the river . "
he does n't speak , and on youtube clips a film actor who does n't look anything like him is said to be him .
url
i think all people should get the chance to go to college whether they are black , mexican , or smart
good looking couple pity only models who probably will not have kids or will mix white men really need to get over this traditional asian wife crap white women need to stop trying to prove i am not racist by dating dark young whites marry breed repeat
< user > thank you finally a white person stating facts
hopefully , just a bump in the road like the washington series .
let 's go for a sweep in sandy ego .
@joaquincastrotx fucking beaner .
< user > ain ’ t nothing ghetto about it who told y ’ all white folks only own guns to hunt y ’ all love giving them civilized credit
imagine my pulsating dick filling your slutty pussy until you go crazy
this op - ed is so full of lies it 's amazing he can say them with a straight face .
wanting illegal immigration stopped is not anti - immigration or anti latino .
these political clowns always have to lie their butts off to make their deluded point .
our cheap corn has not created " thousands of refuges , " that is a bald face lie .
junior has no problem with mexico dumping every other agriculture crop on our country .
more importantly , junior fails to grasp we have sent tens of thousands of our manufacturing jobs to mexico putting them to work .
as for our unconstitutional war on drugs this has only exposed further just how corrupt the mexican government is .
legalize all drugs and come tomorrow mexico is still governed by the corrupt .
if it was n't for american taxpayers pumping billions of dollars into mexico and south america they 'd still be third world countries starving to death .
you would think junior could show a little appreciation .
all of the intersectionality olympics are bullshit , and you 're shit for playing them too .
why do they need to make sure they check off as many of the " oppressed minority " boxes they can when deciding who to put on a bill ?
just to please some shrieking harpies , and you shrieking about which boxes did or did n't get checked is just as bad .
indeed .
@mello_mark : @yesyouresexist lol okaaaay , what i meant does n't really pertain to the workforce but whatever
both parties are fiddling while alaska 's economy is burning .
so in new york if you say illegal alien you will be fined < money > < number > it you are attacked or raped by an illegal alien it a crime to call ice hm kinda fucked up to be an american in new york
thank you for your commitment to free speech as twitter regs tighten more refugees from that cursed hellhole will find a home here
equality bad
> but .. where in the fuck do they deport you to ?
it 's easy , they 'll just stand you up infront of the color chart with shades from * not quite * white enough to full on shithole country citizen .
i 'm glad to hear about my brothers being ready to fight like that , lets just hope in the future these immigrants with no right will get something good enough so they 'll finally leave
< user > ‍ daily reminder that nick the spic is a faggot who gets off on catboy porn pathetic and sad
judicial filibusters were started by @senschumer in 2003 to stop bush 's choices .
harry reid used nuclear in 2013 .
repubs simply finished it .
lol propaganda .
further down in the comments is a bunch of convenient muslim bashing .
the us military invaded iraq twice and killed a shitload of people and committed a bunch of war crimes but hey , a story about a soldier and his new dog .
the liberals have shown canadians what their real intentions are over the long term , more taxation and more undisciplined spending driving the country further in debt .
most canadians can see them for what they are and the slow socialization of our society that they are intent on achieving .
the liberals are being accused by some as being arrogant in their ways , they are not arrogant , they truly believe the state is better suited to spend the money we earn then we are .
they believe that the state has to interfere with the running of the free economy .
let ’s not get fooled again .
make another choice at the next election .
< user > arabs were smart they roast coffee to prevent spreading the cultivating outside yaman until smuggled out by dutch
@agentvermouth he is a twink fetus
no white man would put themselves in this monkey grooming bull shit .
i 've seen it on discovery channel .
god damn apes .
the dem , s ( crooks ) .
what more can be said about these loons from outer space ?
i wonder what the ghosts of jfk and others are thinkng .
about the last semi normal democrat i can think of is lindon johnson .
just bitchin about the continued ghetto ing of our culture taylor swift releasing new music that sounds exactly like the gangsta rap my mexican neighbors blast every night i looked at the comments thousands of preteen white girls who adorate her love it they are being groomed slutpop
sadly & unfortunately , stupidity in this family was taught form the top down .
they say hispanics are so family oriented --- ca n't prove it from this boneheaded stupidity & neglect to not have a 7 - year old child belted in ?
now we are all left to feel sorry for these folks and their losses which were all preventable by simply obeying the law .
too bad these folks are so ethically and morally challenged to allow their babies to die by such violence , all so avoidable !
there is no limit to such ignorance .
< user > i ’ m deeply concerned that a us representative has an issue with deporting illegal immigrants
what race , all i know ( or care about ) is the human race , the rest are just scin tones made into useless dislogical steriotypes .
also there s white , latino , and practically all scin tones in the nfl as well .
marianne is actually really good at discussing of reparations and i 'm ... shook
mr. schandelmeier ... just a couple of clarifications for those interested in getting more involved .
you speak about the southcentral advisory board meeting in homer .
it is actually the southcentral subsistence regional advisory council , and the meeting is nov 6 - 7 .
meeting materials are available at https://www.doi.gov/subsistence/regions/sc_materials .
what concerns me about proposal wp 18 - 18 , as it does you , is the long season extension .
however the number of federally qualified subsistence users is more limited than state permits , generally .
the permits for both moose and caribou granted by the alaska board of game under the community hunt can really crowd and damage the field .
information on the bog 's next meeting , in dillingham in february , is at http://www.adfg.alaska.gov/index.cfm?adfg=gameboard.meetinginfo&date=02-16-2018&meeting=dillingham .
if you look at all the unit 13 community hunt proposals for that meeting , you will see the extent of the controversy .
fantastic performance by the indian cricket team .
wonderful captaincy by @imvkohli & displaying true sportsmanship .
take a bow .
great team effort by all- @imro45 @sdhawan25 @jaspritbumrah93 @yuzi_chahal @bhuviofficial @msdhoni .
👍 👏 👌
age does nt matter 
 you can be a 18 years old incel , it 's about looks
deport this person imediatly .. go complain in your own country .. illegal alien 🤑 👽 🙉
< user > the non whites will follow wherever we go until we go somewhere that we do not let wormtongue jews in with us and hold out ground
why ca n't you play uno with a mexican ?
because they steal all the green cards .
chart immigrant population in european countries < date > france has high rates of immigrants foreign born but also high rates of immigrants in 2 nd generation not counted as immigrants in the chart
thanks for the " insightful " analysis .
if people with progressive psychosis say sell it 's probably a good time to buy !
miss lindsey is john mccains boy toy miss lindsey is a demented faggot
trudeau said during the election " the more muslim refugees we allow in canada the less risk we have of terrorism : " ..
competing racial groups like black teams versus white teams
mexican jokes why are there no good mexican athletes ?
because anyone who can run , jump , or swim has already crossed the border what 's a mexican 's favorite bookstore for those who can read ?
borders
yeah , you spics instead get 50 of your cousins to back you up before trying anything .
then you scatter like roaches before ice nabs you .
yea , the bengasi queen and e - mail grafter should be !
maybe she can sing " i 'm proud to be an american " as she kisses baby 's and falls on her knees to worship isis .
actually there are not alot of people moving here legally .
our economy has been to volatile .
if anything we got our rich and wealthy moving out .
you guys ever wonder where the jews would be if they did nt kill em ? ?
here is a hint .
what is americas inmate ratio ....
one may note that in all of the ad hominem abusive comments made by the oil party supporters on this blog string , not one makes any serious attempt to refute the commentary i have placed on the string .
.
nothing more need be said .
still not winning oreilly out over sex harassment claims turns out that mmfa organized the whole thing we are still not winning and trump is not after soros and the rest when is there going to be justice
if the feud with bannon , the anti - tank missiles to ukraine , and other mistakes can come to a crescendo :   the deep state may be able to remove trump from office .
its simple , your white .
your genetic code does nt include a racial commitment to crime .
be glad and for for those reasons .
this is what society has turned into .
take a stand and defend your race .
we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.-david lane white racial loyalty starts here keep it white
what is the german equivalent of walmart ?
wermacht !
deport all of them roaches and the diaper heads too .
# tweetlikepontiacholmes&#160 ; 
 i do the pontiac sprinkler ... 

 nigga nigga nigga nigga spic spic spic spic nigga nigga nigga nigga
fb , google , amazon all have their big data centers that make them the top of the tech world , why not build big data centers and lease them out to smaller companies like gab hooktube etc
my wife showed me a kibble 's - n - bits commercial last night wherein a mixed couple was presented as ` ` normal . ''
i am not a white female or in wisconsin but i figured i would say hi since your talkin with my wife
how do you stop a mexican tank ?
shoot the guy pushing it .
' think of your creativity as a business you can built in different mixes ' - @ericawm_lola # intelligentcreativity # creativebusiness
liberal commentators have attempted to tarnish donald trump ’s astonishing victory by blaming racism for his triumph .
but the simple arithmetic of gop success proves that racism had little to do with it .
in 2016 , mr. trump got fewer white votes than any of the three prior gop nominees , romney , mccain or george w. bush , at the same time that he got a higher percentage of the black and latino vote than romney or mccain .
where , then , is the evidence that he relied on racial bigotry ?
- from an article by michael medved
i need just 50 people to make deposit for , retweet , follow dm and you get yours dm me if interested   # sugardaddywanted # sugarbabywanted dm me on whatsapp { phone } url
do you think you can interpret any law in any way you choose ?
is sucking your own dick gay i ’ m not asking for myself
two of the people i am really getting sick and tired of seeing as guests on these evening news programs are that wild eyed gook malkin and the physically retarded jew krauthammer i change the channel when they come on there are others the list is growing
@jmc2488 @jetsgreen @tb12fan and fuck you too ya little bitch you look like a mexican sucking a cock in ur profile
what is the best thing about showering with your girl ?
you can piss on her leg and she wo n't notice
mexican people the cuntry of mexico ther not are frends ther enemys real americans need to start killing off all people from mexico needs to be wipe - out like the spanish people wipe - out all ther afercan slave 's they used to take over mexico they killed every last black slave
about mexicans being rapists ?
or about wanting to bang ivanka ?
no sharia no cair no common core no muslin brotherhood no sanctuary cities or states our country our customs our way do not like it leave sharia law will never be accepted in america fran cifelli
sometimes i hope that ca does break off and become it 's own island .
i love it here , but damn .
the system is rigged .
are you a man or a woman ?
bbc breaking news – 13/11/15 paris terror attacks part 1 ( 9 pm to 9:15pm ) https://t.co/xu8mwnqkry https://t.co/bk4bqztoem
pathetic , it 's time we start erasing people like this from our gene pool .
666 vs 7.62 
 the number of the chad vs the number of the incel 

 final battle , who wins ?
subhuman bald cuban spic
you asked god to remove all the fake things in your life now your gucci shoes 👟 and off white shirts are missing 🤦 🏾 ‍ ♂ ️ ❌ 🧢 on god
the war is set they will never stop asians blax la raza arabs jews all have their own countries whites do not
there is such a thing as a human race but different sub species .
< user > dumbass bitch accurate
what 's the difference between a mexican and an elevator ?
one can raise a family .
rap battle 
 do you think you would be good at it
got ta like the spic sometimes we may want them to go home but at least they hate the degenerate queers as much as us
this bitch is retarded !
so do those k̶i̶d̶ monsters who were brought here illegally !
/s
we need to shake ourselves from this patriarchal mindset of being thankless providers and get what we deserve bro .
url
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
love to go to class on the cusp of mildly hungover and still drunk from last night
rt @garrisonrehrig : i m always getting fucked over .. ill never understand
prostitutes 
 i will probably see one over the course of the holidays , i 'm feeling pretty low inhibition for some reason
thank god i do n't live there , i would already be in jail from opening the skulls of these cowards .
i have < number > the third is to mute dumb beaners who are this dull
you ca n't be a high school teacher .
you 're too pretty , so the boys wo n't respect you .
the israelites who voluntarily emigrated to egypt seeking a better material life remained there for approximately four centuries and became slaves to the egyptians . #
palestine # نحو_القدس
going to uni at this time in this unbearable weather i fucking hate
so my spanish teacher asked who was absent me : mi vida
it 's probably time for nancy 's next face lift .
she is one scary woman ( i use that term loosely ) .
someone should remind the wetback that what he is saying works in both directions means mexico has no borders either
what does your mom and a brick have in common ?
both get laid by mexicans
years ago my brother said , “ stop giving them money , they ’ll go home . ”
i agree , ed .
i just wish we had a better - crafted initiative to accomplish the needed change .
the fact that this initiative is actually revenue - negative worries me very much .
i 'm not alone in that   --   the sierra club and a number of other environmental groups have decided not to endorse this initiative because of its financial structure .
< user > < user > because muslims nice americans bad wait did nt they attack us never forget
i 'm not a huge tulsi fan , but i think given her father and how she was raised , her past comments are super understandable .
i think it should be admired that she overcame that background to get to her current viewpoint , and iirc she has a good voting record on gay issues .
egad my home is being invaded by black ants i wonder if this is some sort of cosmic symbolism for the third world immigrant invasion probably not i have not heard of any mexicans getting crushed by the thumb of damocles
that was little barackie first intimate encounter with a black moochelle man no wonder he had such a hard time leaving that last white chick he was banging
q what do you get when you cross a nigger with a mexican a somebody that too lazy to steal < user >
" ... corporate and intellectual elites . "
are the bad guys ?
trump and his cabinet are the business elites and i did n't know university professors , authors and newspaper editorials had such power to keep the american people down .
republicans are following trump 's sick racist and xenophobic lead .
at the first virginia gubernatorial debate , ed gillespie admitted virginia does n’t have “ sanctuary cities .
but that did n’t stop gillespie , the republican gubernatorial nominee from grabbing the white supremacist baton from failed confederate candidate corey stewart to release one of the most racist ads in recent political memory .
“ ed gillespie clearly believes that his route to victory rests in demonizing young latino men and the immigrant community as a whole , ” said luis aguilar , a deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) recipient and casa in action member . “
he may believe it is an effective campaign tactic , but the people i speak with are furious with the abject racism of ed gillespie ’s campaign and plan to deliver that message on election day . ”
resist trump and his agenda .
well , that one is not a complete truth .
over 1,400,000 americans seek healthcare outside the usa every year , many come to canada .
http://www.thefiscaltimes.com/2016/08/17/14-million-americans-will-go-abroad-medical-care-year-should-you 

 as well , the usa has several centers of excellence ( much like the cranial facial clinic at sick kids in toronto - which has several from the usa coming every year ) .
people come from say tennessee to medical city in houston every year for specialized treatment - does that mean there is no healthcare in tennessee ?
it takes some effort to miss the point as completely as you apparently did .
you new up here or what ?
when the entire non - white world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self - defense .
fuck this racist puta !
bed mattress harris all of sudden " cares " about fucking " illegals " bitch go back to laying on your back and on your knees you fucking anchor baby shit stain .
you and oshitstain need to be locked up in the same shipping container you floated on and shipped back to fucking india or jamaica or wherever you were bought .
though , the level of unfairness and humiliation that the germans felt at the time -- versailles treaty , with all its consequences , was in fact unbearable -- has no comparison in the us .
what harm did mexico , the whole islam or women did to mr. trump followers to justify the blind populist enthusiasm ?
in fact , he sounds more like a latin - american dictator than a european one , even af the worst times of europe 's modern history .
they get what they deserve .
the anti - trump movement in the republican party is exaggerated .
only a small minority of the hundreds of republicans in congress are speaking up and the criticism is weak or related to one thing like charlottesville .
polls show 80 % of republicans favor trump over congress .
trump 's recent statements and his pardoning of arpaio show he is tapping into a strong base within this 80%-- a part of the 89%--which sees blacks , hispanics , muslims , and non - whites as the cause of the country 's problems-- a base that was hidden by things like political correctness but is now more visible .
republicans in congress may not express these views or share them , but trump 's supporters do .
the mainstream republicans can not deal with this and risk losing this same group of supporters they need to get elected .
70 percent of the us population is white and we are finding that more whites do hold the racial views of many trump supporters .
if you are from a white republican district you keep quiet .
i guess you can believe whatever you like .
but " these gays are out of control " is a hateful thing to say .
i suppose you think blacks and hispanics have their place , too .
imagine anyone 's audacity in asserting their rights .
you are the one who needs to get a grip .
these folks affect you in no way whatsoever .
why did n't you simply say " i hate gays , and enjoy getting myself worked up worrying about what they 're going to do ? "
< user > vk looks interesting i might actually install it however at first glance it does not appear to solve the digital ghetto problem all the information in one place diaspora is shit but it at least tries to solve the digital ghetto but fails note gab does not solve it either
well summarized , lamont .
i would add to your cogent analysis but i just had a perfectly civil post banned as uncivil because it had perfectly accurate criticisms of trudeau 2.0 that his worshipful followers here could not tolerate .
so i wo n't waste any more time posting on this topic .
( congrats to the new brown shirts . )
i slept and dreamt that life was joy .
i awoke and saw that life was service .
i acted and behold , service was joy . #
rabindranath_tagore
boycott # # boycott # # boycott chobani 's yogurt expands plants to hire more foreign refugees ..... boycott # # 
 boycott ...
dude just tried to square up bc we do nt have native american costumes man get yo white ass outta here
two hours ago i said pls stop with the hate posts here .
people died .
innocent people at the hands of a mass murderer .
but   some have not stopped .
so let me tell you 'll something .
years ago i watched a president ( who was no ' pick ' of mine ) speak the day of 9 - 11 .
the deep sorrow in his eyes , his words , his sadness for the victims broke my heart for him and them .
his sadness was deep .
and real .
today , i watched live as this president spoke .
the deep sorrow in his eyes , the sadness in his voice , his broken - hearted message for the victims   is heartfelt - and again my heart broke for the victims and for this president .
you people who hate - those whose vile hate is triggered by the mere word trump - understand i pity you .
i pity you as people & sad for those whose lives are impacted by your mere presence .
do not mistake my pity for feeling sorry .
i do not feel sorry for you .
i just hope you do not spill your absolute miserableness on too many others who are near you .
i find you deplorable .
presence in the us without legal permission is not a crime , and is not a basis for a state , county , or city law enfocement official to detain a person .
thus if under state law an individual is entitled to be released from custody , a federal detainer request , per se , is not a justification for detention .
should the feds produce a warrant thenthe local official can , and must , detain the subject of the warrant .
newton ’s third law every action has its equal , opposite reaction .
that means that every time a black fetus dies while being borned , an old white man is being borned ?
miss lindsey is john mccains boy toy miss lindsey is a demented faggot
round up these foreing invaders from mexico and send them back
i 've been prescribed adderall for years .
@ohooh _
not so , 543 , the only way abortion will become illegal is when the us supreme court reverses roe v. wade .
it does n't look like that 's going to happen in our lifetime .
selling spike shoes spring shoes climbing gloves and a cape
i do not know what to make of the democratic party .
it elected a latino as dnc chair and appointed the loser , a muslim , to be deputy chair .
does this mean they are now focusing on making illegal immigrants , who mostly are latinos , and refugees , who mostly are muslim , the future mainstream of the democratic party ?
< user > i really really fucking hate you
there are not enough benzos on this goddamn planet for me to cope with this potus launching missiles at syria .
i 'm at that point in my weight cut where the waist of all of my pants are loose ..... kinda cool , kinda annoying . & #
128580 ; # mission132
@81kensmith you fucking insensitive mongoloid idiot !
we need to have people like you spayed and neutered !
put a bounty on scalps , they 'll start to deport soon enough .
i do n't really have an opinion because it 's not my fight .
@l1ltr4p fucking losers wetbacks # sorrynotsorry
actually there is no way you can go back up the rabbit hole after you have gone down it .
i think we have much more to be worried about in bc right now under the ndp and ' green stooges ..... and i am not a liberal .
i had a few of the cds and gave them all away , let me see if i can get you a copy ! ! ! !
he needs jesus to come inside him .. but jesus is in a detention facility :(
it is the white man fault the nigger raped me these people have retard levels that should not be possible
good deport ms13 and those associated with them .
that should cover about a million .
make everify manditory and change loopholes in asylum laws and the illegals will all be gone in less than a year .
@amandafuriasse @atomiccabaret so seeing women on here , and seeing poc and woc and esp black and indigenous women celebrate milestones or support missing goals or failing forward , that all helps break through systems and reframe who academics are , who belongs in stem
all of whom are women of colour .
the colour of shit talking shit acting shit .
i am with trump bye bye
society needs to repudiate gurriels nasty latino privilege .
poor bill paxton .
< repeat > he died so soon before the oscars that he does n't even get to be included on the " in memoriam " list .
deport the scum to mehico
newsflash :   they are n't the brightest bulbs in the chandelier .
the first clue is how much the left wants the here .
the left likes losers .
that 's their power base and it 's all about power .
know a few schoolteachers and privately they tell me how difficult it is to teach " latinos " .
that 's because they are stupid .
is chris really a christie , one of those ugly lesbians in a suit .
it looked like a bloke .
next thing you will be telling me that rachel maddcow is a man , come to think about it , it might be a man .
i 'm 6'2 210 lbs .
a big guy by most standards .
my teenage sons are the same size just a lot lighter .
traveling with them is no issue .
they each are given a book or ipod .
we limit carry one to essentials and a change of gitch .
my shoes are always slip on so they can be removed easily and i wear polar fleece that can double as a blanket when pulled over your head .
we travel economy because i have to feed these two teenagers .
i have no problem with the seats .
it is what it is .
i just prepare .
it seems the ones who complain are the inexperienced or those that have to fly weekly ( i understand )
it does n't matter what the artist would have thought of it .
it is meaningless simulacra and has little to do with him ; just another branding initiative dreamt up by politicians .
montreal has always used cohen as boosterism fodder .
it is for tasteful people to devise how they 'd like to remember him , something like the last line of the article .
i fought so my daughters could be sluts !
being freelance when you 're not part of a cool scene is fucking hard , yo .
hook your gloomy up , yeah ?
xo
how about " creating terrorists " - product of israel
everything is a reminder of our subhumanity 
 watch a live stream 

 think about donating as i like the show 

 streamer shows or talk about his gf 

 never watch the stream again 




 watch a movie / serie 

 principal character has a gf 

 stop watching 




 read a book 

 principal character has a gf 

 stop reading
hi i just popped in for a minute to say a quick ' hello ' to the gamekeeper from a friend in belfast .
i take my men how i take my coffee hot and up the arse .
i 'd rather not have police quickly shooting someone who is armed , but i can understand that it is a fine line between sacrificing one own 's safety and needlessly killing someone .
i agree that black communities have more violence and that is going to drive a lot of the numbers .
i am most bothered by the idea that a black , unarmed driver may be more in danger because police will be on edge approaching a black person .
the # 3 in your article gets to that ( a 6:1 ratio of unarmed black men being shot compared to unarmed white men ) but discusses some complexities that left me feeling like that question had not been fully answered .
the article in today 's paper highlights this study http://www.nber.org/papers/w22399.pdf which points out a large difference in non - lethal uses of force after controlling for non - race factors .
but it finds no difference in lethal uses of force .
the r - g , though , says the study did n't directly address the recent situations , although i 'm not sure why .
he 's doing it now because he may not have the chance three years from now ,
go trump .
president next tuesday and then he has to get past all the slimy democrtaic lawsuits
# magatrain enjoying the posts of patriot ladies @jami_usa @trumptrain45pac
transgender michael michelle obama make some phone calls .
next thing the criminal is let go .
hmmmmmmm
all you clowns bringing up that he 's a christian so he should do better and such .
none of you would open your doors to any of these people so plz just stfu .
i wish i knew more ppl from houston so they could help me out i ’ m not tryna move to the ghetto
that must have been quite the fine woman where have all the good women gone
" marble went on to tell the scouts that she ’s from a multi - ethnic background that includes “ black , mexican … jew … native american ” and the “ lousy irish ! ”
people in the audience chuckled . "
do n't know which is worse - " jew " and " dirty irish " - or the fact that some people " chuckled " .
this woman has clearly lost her marbles .
results # pc5 , quarterfinals : alan norris 6 - 5 steve beaton adrian lewis 6 - 5 richard north dave chisnall 6 - 0 mark webster
you mean the type of drugs his cabinet must be smoking when they make decisions like shoveling money to corrupt island nations to fight climate change , and then turn around and threaten to raise taxes on canadians that have anything resembling discretionary income ?
4)show people from bible , where it says yous go heaven ; all the sex abusers , murders , loan sharks , government officials let doctor kill & dee rich people priest suck dicks for !
100 + years late ; read the bible as to what paul said , you been around 60+years !
url
sadly & unfortunately , stupidity in this family was taught form the top down .
they say hispanics are so family oriented --- ca n't prove it from this boneheaded stupidity & neglect to not have a 7 - year old child belted in ?
now we are all left to feel sorry for these folks and their losses which were all preventable by simply obeying the law .
too bad these folks are so ethically and morally challenged to allow their babies to die by such violence , all so avoidable !
there is no limit to such ignorance .
sex be so good a bitch be slow stroking and crying
no muzzies where i live buddy and certainly no mexicans
i 'm just not attracted to black or hispanic girls .
someone should find her at home sometime and beat her with a pipe along with their wetback mayor
@sengillibrand so , all those white people working for minimum wage , living in trailers or cars , making a tiny fraction of what you make , also are guilty of white privilege and need to pay reparations ? ? ?
you 're twisted .
from the article : " and the u.s. department of homeland security is now threatening noncompliant states that their driver 's licenses will soon stop being accepted at airport security screenings and federal military bases . "
.
currently the majority of the 50 states have refused to comply with the demands of the " real i.d. " program .
given what we now know about the federal government routinely violating the u.s. constitution ( in collaboration with some of the largest u.s. corporations ) to spy on us i think we should continue to tell the feds - no on " real i.d. "   is this a " smoke and mirrors " ploy on the part of our governor and some legislators ?
there is no good reason , that i 'm aware of , that would justify why we should give up some more of our rights because of a stupid law that a few are trying to foist upon us .
i hope they do n't waste their time building black robots because they 'll just refuse to work and end up shooting each other .. 
 " the rioting in milwaukee over a police killing of an armed black man has reanimated the issue of longstanding black joblessness .
between 2010 and 2014 , milwaukee ’s average rate of black joblessness was 54 percent , compared to rates of only 17 and 26 percent , respectively , among the city ’s white and latino young male population . "
http://www.realclearpolicy.com/blog/2016/09/02/the_jobless_rate_for_young_black_men_is_a_national_disgrace.html
i m a fuck up pony stupid emo faggot
i suggest senate democrats and republicans go nuclear .
not metaphorically , but with an actual bomb . #
filibuster # filibustergorsuch
rudy jimenez   you do n't get it do you ?
you make your country a shithole , you are hateful racist and should n't be around young children .
moron .
any country that comes across iranian boat should sink it
yeah maybe if you ask out egirls and have a boy pussy
do nt tell me imma fake fan 'cause i 'm the type of fangirl that is supporting them although i did n't get a good background check smh
< user > no one will ever racially profile you for being white she says to all white people ever to live
@blackrepublican how long after the name change will al memorabilia w / redskins name be deemed racist and therby illegal ?
geez how dare this straight white male want to be involved in his community try to make a difference when there are actual genderfluid trans am quad demisphere poc willing to bitch about how they are not given enough
it 's   a poison - spiked ball that can only be handled with gloves of pure illogic .
nobody cares about his tax returns except vile leftist !
aoc is beyond retarded , i hope she never reproduces url
the white middle class college educated useful idiots of the left fail to realize that the leftist establishment only cares about immigration for votes and cheap labor they will not understand this until they are laying in a ditch raped by some spic bleeding to death
< user > no one spouts hate against immigrants idiot
if he had won , lebensraum would have looked exactly like american manifest destiny , and his crimes against the jewish people would have been swept under the rug just as quickly as our crimes against the native americans .
he probably would have gotten his face on the 20 reichsmark note , just like our own bigoted , racist , hate filled asshole leader , [ andrew jackson.](url
whenever i m stressed or anxious i listen to quran and my playlist really went from surah yunus to the weeknd i m going to hell
no .
what she is saying ( and granted ,   there is a shrillness to feminist writing that does a disservice to the message ) is that there are systemic issues in our culture that put men and women in different boxes and manage expectations of how , what and who they should be .
we live in a society of social constructs .
there are differences in our brain structures .
that is science but it 's also missing the point .
there are pills for that , you know .
if you caping for tay k you stupid as fuck and deserve to be locked up too .
fym free him ?
mane a whole murderer .
our people be sounding so fucking stupid foo .
it 's weird to be proud about something over which you have no control .
the " pride " of minorities is more of an " i 'm not ashamed " .
it 's a response to those that ridiculed and oppressed them .
being proud of it , like you are proud of an accomplishment , would be weird .
subhumans continue to prove they will always be a burden on society while the lunacy of no assimilation by invaders proves the inferiority of hispanics
+ hellofalotniceguy : i will out live your bitchass mother tho !
my mom does n't let me wear hoop earrings because they make me look mexican .
just broke my phone screen at the gym 
 is it a sign that i should never go outside ?
for all of you > > > > > serbian chetniks with german soldiers during ww2 so stop telling lies that all serbians chetniks was against nazis german soldiers
yeah right .
he supports the pfd for everyone ; that 's not a true conservative republican , that 's a true communist .
fake muslim victimhood aka taquiyya aka lies azhar hussain sends himself fake threat emails arrested yasmin seweid false subway attack story arrested muslim woman self inflicted slash outside trinity church ny muslim woman false hijab attack in la noor ramjanally fake kidnapping claim
lol get wrecked chapo fag
trampolines actually used to be called jumpolines ... until your mother got on one
starbucks everybody remember that in muslim countries they do not allow women kindly ask them to wait in the car and send a man
most of my friends who went into the trades went to a vocational school , or took courses at a local community college .
< user > < user > yeh support him for brexit regardless of his attitude towards muslims you do support the murder and harrasment of muslims worse than that you would ignore the evil in someone to support your own view not islam at all
i need to marry a man w this mentality url
i think it 's best if white men looked after white women in our schools .
a mexican an arab and a redneck are in bar .
the mexican drinks down his beer , tosses his glass in the air pulls out his pistol and shoots it out of the air and says , " glasses are so cheap in mexico we do n't have to drink from the same one twice ! "
the arab clearly impressed by this drinks down his beer quickly , tosses his glass in the air pulls out his ak-47 blows it to pieces and says , " where i come from , we have so much sand to make glasses we do n't have to drink from the same one twice either ! "
the redneck , cool as a cucumber , chugs down his beer , tosses his glass in the air pulls out his .45 and shoots the mexican and the arab , catches the glass and asks for a refill and says , " in america , we have so many illegal aliens we do n't have to drink with the same ones twice .
"﻿
we are going to kill jews unequivocally and force them breed with niggers and sand niggers and spics
now add in millions of mexicans , blacks , and white libtards and we 're all good !
that 's just it .
these young adults are n't reasonable people .
you ca n't apply " normal " common sense to them .
< user > ain ’ t nothing ghetto about it who told y ’ all white folks only own guns to hunt y ’ all love giving them civilized credit
absolute vodka as a company is anti white as they 're a sponsor for rupaul 's drag race and a huge advocate for the lgbt community as well as is the first company to ever sponsor a gay party back in the 70 's : behind the scenes of absolut vodka cocktail perfected - youtube
both hillary and trump are civic nationalists though america has been civic nationalist for a very long time now we are really learning about the downsides of civic nationalism the spic nig cycle the hostile alien elite are logical consequences of civic nationalism niches waiting to be filled
the white race is best because when the creator made whites , he made them better than he made the other races .
@clairecmc # mississippiraids # iceraids who do you think brought them here ? ?
yes that 's right !
and why ?
because they can pay them less and abuse them and make them pay for the abuse done to them , by docking their already low pay !
url
the fraud squad is a laughing stock bunch of whinny , screeching , commie , hissies !
they are all , most probably , a bunch of lesbians who hate men ... especially white republican men !
not many people know that the only difference between cinderella and princess diana was that .
< repeat > cinderella 's carriage did n't turn into a wall at midnight .
< repeat >
funny .
but , i think if you read carefully , ken is advocating protection of the liliuokalani statue ( in particular ) .
fundamentally , his argument is that it should n't come down , ever .
he 's basically arguing that it should stay up and remain untouched .
that 's heartening .
ken 's using this statue issue in virginia and north carolina to signal that deep down , he 's sympathetic to native hawaiians .
the spirit of aloha can work its magic even on ken .
why did i click on your profile ?
you gave no source anyway , you just are a hateful human being .
good grief .
you have been given sources by others disproving your statements , but no you did n't , once you cited the hatesub gc , that is used only to missrepresent transgender people and to deny their existence
there is no alternative print medium covering lane county and the boob tube stations are   just a selection of sound bytes .
and then , there are   the comics for intellectual stimulation .
what was the appraised value of the building , why are they paying more , lets get down to the nitty gritty , they do n't want to travel to juneau ,   they have un - limited funds , but we voted twice to move the capital , they wo nt fund the move , but they will fund for a temporary housing ,   the people have all sorts of cuts to their funding of projects that the people need , but they need new offices , and we can go without ,   there should be a vote by the people , on wether " we " want this , not them , they are our representives ,   we are eating beans and weinys , there eating steaks w/ all the trimmings ! ! !
al - salaam alaykum wa rah'matullahi wa barakatu : here 's how it works : if an individual muslim , black person , or mexican does something wrong , their behavior magically reflects on all muslims , black people or mexicans .
if a white guy does something wrong , it only reflects on him .
not the entire white ' community ' .
this is why these arrogant , self - entitled white supremacists ( a more accurate term than merely ' racist ' ) will defend any state - sponsored murder by a cop , no matter the circumstances , as ' justified ' because ' so many black people are criminals ' according to them .
but these same hypocrites remain utterly silent when it 's pointed out that 79 % of mass - shooters and 80 % of child molesters are white .
white percentage in the overall population is only 62.5 % .
they 're disproportionately represented among mass - murderers and child molesters .
eh .
that seems fairly consistent with white american history and culture , so not really surprising .
so you will buy goods made by fascist one party states like china or terrorist places like iran over the usa ?
that s pretty pathetic , the usa is among the most free place for all races and woman pal , iran and china not so much right !
i swear you bread will toast for < number > years and will not be even slightly brown and then after you check it becomes black in < number > secs
as i understand the message from cardinal cupich , a legally executed warrant is needed to investigate suspected undocumented immigrants further .
is n't that phrase somewhere in the document some pin to their undershirts , namely , the constitution ?
we still live by the constitution , do n't we , or did presidents trump and bannon call it fake news and discard it ?
adopt some poor fucker from a third - world country .
less money needed in the long term .
i rlly just need to get drunk alone and cry but i ca n't even afford alcohol because i 've had 3 fucking tables today
< user > < user > northeast understandable they have apoint why muslims
meet < user > he is a little lefty nazi like you you < number > will get along great
@nyrkelsmads 
 dat damn dog eats betta den most colored folk do .
why does the fleet insist on fucking with me when i have a headache ?
they should know that it wo n't end well for them . #
cockdestruction
eat their ass no homo tho
yes , any convert can make aliyah under the right of return .
however , only orthodox converts are accepted as jewish by the rabbinate , which is necessary in order to marry a jew in israel .
where exactly are you taking me , doctor ? " "
to the morgue . "
" what ?
but i ’m not dead yet ! "
" and we ’re not there yet . "
forcing her to not be scared and get me in front of a fucking pig
who gives a fuck what the liberals do oh is this some retarded we have to be better than the liberals thing fuck that we have to win moral victories are for losers
@jahmed95 ya allah .
no words .
he must have been raised in beasts
that woman needs her ass beaten .
< user > lmao bitch retarded tryna call us broke bitch you got finessed 😭 😭 😭
what do < number > / < number > and the olympics have in common ?
diving
this is democracy .
the jury represents the majority of californians , social justice liberals .
the minority have no choice but to flee while they still have the freedom to do so .
hey , idk if it might help , but i 'm queer and catholic .
pm if you wanna chat !
the presidents is totally right you do n't like it here ... you could leave go to some other country like north korea and i bet you ... you 'll be begging the president to let you back in this country
latino 's for trump is like jews for hitler ....
you can never be clean : your brown skin wo n't wash off .
it 's your contention that black americans vote democratic because " welfare pays them to " .
so what happened ?
it 's your racist theory .
are you backing away from it now ?
are you now actually of the opinion that black americans might be complex human beings who are motivated by more than just " welfare " ?
you keep patting yourself on the back about what you tell your republican friends about latinos , but when you get on the internet , you tell the denver post readers that you think black and brown voters are one big monolith who vote 'cuz teh welfare .
as i 've said , you guys are your own worst enemy .
comments like yours are why i will never vote republican as long as you guys keep spouting such stereotypical , patronizing , inaccurate , racist garbage ; i do n't vote one way or the other because of welfare .
i vote against the racist divisive party who thinks i 'm an easily duped idiot .
these lunatics are now out in the open since trumps election .
trump people will try to tell you crimes are committed mainly by hispanics so lets deport them .
well what do you have to say boutguys like this ?
the legislative majority owns the failure .
they control all legislation in both houses of the legislature .
you ca n't blame this on the minority - none of their legislation made it to the floor .
it 's time to turn the majority into the minority .
niggas want a crazy bitch i m a give you one 😂
are men just stupid or do they just not give a fuck
ukraine is practicing open discrimination against its hungarian speaking minority .
for over a thousand years hungarian speaking people have been living on land that was given to soviet union after the first world war and is now part of ukraine .
ukraine is now taking away the right of hungarian speaking people to their own language by forcing assimilation .
what the ukrainian government is doing would not be allowed in canada or in any country in western europe .
canada should stay out of ukraine unless the ukrainian government stops discrimination policies against its hungarian speaking minority .
nice story about am .
he will be a force to reckon with for years to come on team usa !
president trump nailed it !
all 4 are brown supremacists communist anti american anti white anti jew that the democrat party is circle the wagons for !
brown supremacists alexandria ocasio - cortez , hates white children with a true and unbridled passion .
brown supremacists alexandria ocasio - cortez , tells white women to abort their children brown supremacists alexandria ocasio - cortez , tells white women to stop having white babies
< user > there ’ really a time and a place for everything this is just ghetto 🤢
a tall but skinny black person , and a short but fat mexican jumps off a tall building .
who wins ?
society
to be perfectly honest , i saw a commercial on the tv and thought it might be better than shaving so much .
eh kinda .....   if there 's no one there and the colonizers show up .
they get it .
if they come back and want " their spring land " back ... well too bad should have had your defenses ready and protected your own .
that 's earth
notice how most of the demonizes are third world immigrants themselves ?
hmm , wonder if there 's a double standard there ?
also , gunther is the perfect example of why we should n't give these immigrants our high paying jobs , because they 'll either ,   1 .
use it to benefit their own ethnical countryman rather than americas .
or 2 .
send that money back overseas along with their skills and knowledge .
get these third world anarchists out of america 's capital and out of america before they completely turn this country into mexafriciran .
it is already here the theory of germs and practice of cleaning one hands is unknown if not disdained among kikes muzzies niggers and muds
well east vancouver and burnaby housing prices did n't retreat in 2016 , in fact prices rose significantly , but volume dropped late in the year as there were fewer listings .
this is not a normal housing market as a very significant factor is money from rich china buyers looking for safe storage .
they also buy some houses   to escape to ,   jut in case . !
in the very high priced vancouver west side there has been some burning of older tear down houses , the lot is where the value is and maintaining an older house is a negative .
the new vancouver empty   house tax encourages destroying older houses needing maintenance .
the 15 % non resident housing purchase tax is n't   that effective .
of course mortgage rates are n't a factor with those storing money here .
local buyers who work here are a different group of buyers , who move   to the east gvrd for the lower cost housing which they hope they can   afford .
with the china holidays of jan / feb 2017 we 'll see   next years   housing cycle .
http://www.amren.com/news/2015/07/new-doj-statistics-on-race-and-violent-crime/ 
 new doj statistics on race and violent crime 

 this table can be used for a number of interesting calculations .
first , we find that during the 2012/2013 period , blacks committed an average of 560,600 violent crimes against whites , whereas whites committed only 99,403 such crimes against blacks .
this means blacks were the attackers in 84.9 percent of the violent crimes involving blacks and whites .
this figure is consistent with reports from 2008 , the last year doj released similar statistics .
perhaps not coincidentally , that was the year mr. obama was elected president .
interestingly , we find that violent interracial crime involving blacks and hispanics occurs in almost exactly the same proportions as black / white crime : blacks are the attackers 82.5 percent of the time , while hispanics are attackers only 17.5 percent of the time .
bampumim teixeira an immigrant from west africa
< user > brown immigrants will be blamed
what random citizens ?
nazis want to shoot up mosques and black churches .
it 's great that they 're going to put some focus back on technical skills .
i would n't have gotten where i am today with the skills learned in high school , the military and trades training a lcc .
i was n't ready for college right out of high school and many kids today are n't either .
many like me do n't go to college until after they 've established themselves first .
the technical education from the navy , and state journey licenses i obtained early in life have probably served me better than the college education i obtained later in life .
welcome sourcex , i hope you will read more and maybe become a white nationalist , i refrain from calling myself a racist because i do n't hate other races but a white nationalist because i want to preserve my race and culture and to live in a white country .
@ocoonassa @stellacreasy we 're the fifth richest country in earth , so the degree of poverty we are seeing is totally self - imposed by the tory government , rather than something unavoidable .
the idea that mass homelessness is acceptable in a country with vast economic resources is offensive .
i like my women like i like my coffee ground up and in the freezer
i hate the word racist it makes people being called racist think that they are doing something wrong when they the immigrants coming here are doing something wrong
i am retarded i can never find my car in this lot
all the joys islam is bringing to us
sir .
please go text your mexican bitch , because i 'm not finna deal witcho childish ass & # 128514 ;
i am white .
you mods are racist scum and you can go ahead and ban me to save the effort of unsubscribing .
go fuck yourselves .
white white white white white white white white whiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiite
really , r.d. ?
i know that you right - wingers believe the myth that all victims are post - pubescent males .
there were female and pre - pubescent males , too .
as usual , you just ignore the facts that do n't work for your agenda .
4 ft tall beaner women still dispensing < number > beanlets per year each it ogre
hey , idk if it might help , but i 'm queer and catholic .
pm if you wanna chat !
no , the list was much longer than that .
several people were given high - dollar business interest and positions , as a direct result of these deals .
mueller , rossenstein , comey and more , all gained power , influence and money to push these deals through and bury the truth from the american public .
ask yourself this , " how did hillary and bill ( along with all their cronies ) make so much money ? "
they have only ever worked for the government .
they never ran a business , designed anything , or furthered anything but their own self interests .
they swindled people , killed people and destroyed people 's lives to line their own pockets .
they even take money into their foundation for natural disasters ( haiti ) and then do n't actually use the money to help the people .
they use that foundation as their own personal slush fund .
they shelter their wealth and launder their money so nobody knows how they make their millions .
it 's truly disgusting ! ! !
be honest and speakfreely gabfam is there anyone here part of the altright that has a problem with me or others for being of other races and orientations despite being sympathetic to your cause and being fellow white rights advocates i do not get offended easily genuinely curious gab maga
i 'm just so glad that someone is finally giving straight white men a voice ! ! !
i 'm struggling to name a single person in power that talks about this .
no presidents , president 's administrations , senators , congressmen , ... we are truly under - represented 😠 ! !
for what it 's worth , the bc liberals in many ways have more in common with the federal conservatives than they do the federal liberals .
how do you stop a mexican tank ?
shoot the guy pushing it .
if drumpf wants to save money , he should quit playing golf every weekend .
this faggot is under the influence of dick fuck this homo and his subversion tactics .
usa was founded for white christian people , if you 're not one or the other than leave .
so we get mad when they shoot our drone down but it 's okay when we shoot theirs down , lol yeah whatever i 'm sick of this just get out of the middle east for the love of god forget israel they are their own country it 's not our job to hold their hand .
notice a lot of y' all cheering , attacks are nothing to cheer about guys and girls , also i 'm a trump supporter so yeah .
with his criminal record starting to ramp up this guy 's face will be on the front pages again .
hopefully he will be put in prison before he kills someone ...............
website is under construction but published .
updates to the website will be posted here .
lots to come once we get clear night .
after the past couple of weeks , i think ual needs to hire a pr firm like hpd did .
or , they could treat passengers like valued customers without whom they would not have record profits .
that would work too .
surely metropolitan kallistos ' " healing of the alienation within us " is a bit more modern than " the more ancient view of baptism . "
;-) 

 but of course your point that his point that baptism as integration into the new life in christ is more ancient that the dominant western dominant notion of washing way the mark left on the soul by original sin .
in the west , i think alternate notions never dies out , but removing the stain of sin was pushed in catechisms and thus became the instinctive first thought in the minds of catholics .
yet america has and ( unfortunately ) will continue to provide military cover for all of europe while you flood your own countries with third - world , incompatible trash people .
go fuck yourself dude - y' all are a bunch of pussies .
oh and use the right " you 're " ...
the alternative is to spend wisely on maintaining infrastructure , and growing it to meet the needs .
we 've tried to disregard roads and spend on light rail , streetcars and bicycle lanes and paths , and it has n't done much .
most of the increase in cycling has come at the expense of inner - city trimet bus use .
max is basically a parking - lot shuttle for downtown government workers , blazers and timbers fans , but the entire region is having to pay for that system that serves just 1 - 2 % of the total trips taken in our region , and largely by people who can afford to pay more than 25 % of the operating costs of it .
anti - road critics often criticize road users for not paying their fair share and for congestion , while allowing mass transit to cover even fewer of its costs and justifying empty trains ( i.e. wes ) while doing nothing about overcrowded buses ( because " nobody rides the bus " ) .
meanwhile , cyclists want more money spent on them ... but refuse to accept a tax .
... hey adn , why not post a photo of this so - called vigilante ?
ines is one evil bitch mafsau
i think it was the u.s. navy seals that got bin laden , not sure if they were democrats or republicans .
they etched four white men into a mountain but go off url
glyphosate contamination will cause 50 % of children to be autistic by 2025 https://t.co/bnyvykqeif # health # autism … https://t.co/k1phjwbjsh
turkey wants a pipeline through syria too .
think turkey would help globalists set up assad to destabilize syria for $ s ? #
syriahoax
i know i am worthy and i totally deserve his affection and attention he gives me but .. after being treated like dirt for so long ?
it 's weird
10 % of stupids from each religions thinks that they are defending the 90 % of their people ..... actually who really does nt care about both the jihadi morons and brainless bakhts ....
wait until after the inauguration .
then you 'll see real chaos .
yes .
universities will burn in violence as liberal arts students fight agonist trump .
cities across america will go wild in violent confrontations with law enforcement as the left has a temper tantrum .
blacks and mexicans immigrants across america will riot and burn their own communities and loot stores .
oceans of tears will flow on cnn .
the simple fact of the matter is that if every incel in this sub was an 8+/10 male , this sub would n't exist 
 there 's simply no way around it .
you wo n't have to remind the thug to take your watch , he / she likely took it   before you handed over your wallet .
why have n't we deported this vile creature ?
why waste valuable resources keeping him in prison ?
sounds like a sham hit piece meh i m giving a thumbs down and a since it came from a taco negro it already is suspicious i do wonder did he do it out of a need to virtue signal or is he getting a check from the jews
whatever tariff the us imposes will be reciprocated with a similar tariff on us imports to canada .
trump will thus destroy jobs on both sides of the border .
on the other hand , with fewer us imports canada will , on average , have better cars .
< user > bro where s my holocaust clout come on bro please bro
illegal immigrants .
get these space ni\*ggers out of here .
i ca n't feel my fucking hands .
got my out here loading mulch in the cold .
tsunaina is mongolian i follow her instagram
there 's a lot wrong here and i 'm not sure where to start .
i guess let 's just get the definition of gender right and go from there .
you seem to have mixed sexual orientation into gender — which is incorrect .
gender is just the expressed sex identity .
it 's what social norms for a sex you express .
it has nothing to do with your sexual orientation or preferences in a mate .
regretfully we all " pay " by underfunding a full continuum of community mental health services - from crisis intervention and acute services , to long term housing assistance , support and the resources for consumers as well as families/ caregivers .
children , teens , adults and elders who may experience mental health concerns at one point or another in their lives can have productive lives if provided adequate support , proper medication if needed , therapeutic interventions if required .
jails , emergency departments and streets are not a dignified - or cost effective - alternative .
myself paul jayda fransen enjoying a bit of downtime from our stressfull dangerous lives well never surrender to islam we are christian soldiers ns we are the people
how y all niggas find out she was cheating lmaoo
i want to see whites bused in there until the latinos are a 30 % minority and not outnumbering the asians , blacks and whites .
so right now inside the house josh is crying because someone in the house claimed he was a sexual predator # bb19
if you 're a minority , women are incapable of loving you 
 she 'll always crave a white chad , always , minority men , sometimes life just ain t worth it , fam
hey black if the system is rigged for whites then why are the asians doing better than everyone else mythdestroyed iqmatters
yeah london has gone to hell , when all the remaining whites are gone it will become a zombie town of crumbling buildings , dealers and junkies .
yea i stopped giving a fuck entirely about this story and it just makes me lose more respect for women as if i had any left to lose women allowed this to continue for as long as it did because they wanted it
there should be lines of social justice warriors at the military recruiting offices this morning .
there wo nt be , but there should .
i 'm so bored of the " terfs vs trannies " garbage and wish everyone could shut the fuck up about it , both sides not just " terfs " .
we have so many bigger fish to fry . "
terfs " have literally no power at all , idk why so many people think they 're such a huge threat to trans people .
i 'm infinitely more concerned with the fact i have mountains of student loan debt and rely on medicaid for healthcare , or the fact the earth is basically fucked from climate change , than some idpolista calling me a man in a dress or some shit
who we pedospic can not your boy toy speak for himself weak faggots crying to management coz feelz how < user > going btw
she has some really nice legs .
this chick needs to get boned so i can finally see her in its prime
stop lying and go fuck yourself faggot .
@hot_bbw_date i want fuck your pussy
brasil ( brazil ) is the largest   trading partner in latin america .
not a friend of canada . (
bombardier , vs. embraer ) 
 what does canada have to provide to that trading   block ?
in mexico , by   far the most solvent of the latin american trading bloc .
justin trudeau is perceived as a " fool "   , or tonto .
and , canadians are well respected in mexico   ( bombardier , linamar ,   magna etc . )
trump is not respected in latin america , and trudeau is perceived as his lackey .
look at wen the freak . .
you can tell its a man lol . . .
hopefully they will abort all the anchor babies illegally born here by the foreign female aliens ! !
good morning to all the new gabbers except kikes liberals fags leftists communists boomers zionists israel firstitards antifags spics and niggers because
i 'm gay and while she 's not my type , i do love lea delaria and i really appreciate all the work she 's done for the lgbt community .
i agree with the other commenter — it 's really rare to see lesbians like boo on tv , so i 'll never be upset about that .
and i really love boo 's friendship with pennsatucky , it was so unexpected and surprisingly sweet .
i do n't really understand why everybody seems so okay with that .
# yesallwomen feel a combination of pride and rage at the popularity of # yesallwomen .
yes , finally , but why did you take so long ?
as long as writers fail to acknowledge the factual history by nitpicking that which only relates to the accepted white culture , i will continue to challenge them .
a revolution will be necessary to stop the assault on all human rights and freedom currently being waged by elected officials , financiers , and political organizations .
all of the same ideology which created the terrors of the past driven by greed and maniacal despots .
your lame attempt at sermonizing to justify accepting these current assaults is just as traitorous as those who are inititating it all .
you sit back do nothing and wallow in your tiny world as those forces steadily encircle and , eventually , strangle your fantasy life .
craziness only exists in the cabal of traitors currently controlling this nation and too much of the world .
as usual , warning falls on deaf ears until the lower extremity is chomped .
save your fantasy for someone willing to follow it .
my daughter said , ' mom , i hate mexicans ! '
i told her you ca n't judge all mexicans because of one but , you can say they are all short .
normals , why makes you think life is worth the effort ?
amazons two day shippings got me fucked up because anything that takes longer than two days to come feels like an eternity
not for education , for school construction and facility improvement .
and yes , that is the state tax .
perhaps you should reply to ssssss
divide you are a fucking spic rapists and criminals get the fuck out beaner
fuck people who act racist as a joke .
i do n't give a shit if you think its edgy and cool .
in a country where the president himself is openly racist you should fucking know better .
nta .
you 're being required to be in this homophobic environment all the time .
you should do whatever you feel you have to do to protect yourself and get through it .
op is literally the reason this comment was made !
if people can get away with people for them being genetically " lesser " what does that mean for literally any minority ? "
gay people are a burden on society 'cause they do n't reproduce " * so let 's kill them ! *
i understand this logic but i do n't think any of you hear how horrible it sounds .
if you know that your kid is going to have problems at birth and you decide to abort that 's on you , but this is literally fucking genocide .
why do mexicans name their children jesus ?
it makes no sense .
jesus was n’t mexican he was human
there needs to be a worldwide policy of swift action against any person who uses weapons of mass destruction .
in the brexit referendum in the uk 64 percent of people aged 18 to 24 did not bother to vote .
if they had voted the result would have been different .
they moaned and whined and complained afterwards , but have only themselves to blame .
let 's hope the youngest generation of eligible voters in america behave with a higher understanding of their civic duty in this election .
stay tuned .... may not be so sunny for long
anybody see the chad fucking the girl in public at the club 
 idk how to link it , but the vids on liveleak lol
april fools when its april 2nd and your girlfriend is still pregnant
take them all down .
i do n't care if they 're black white democrat republican whatever .
the cartels truly need to be wiped off the face of the earth .
fuck the middle east .
the us needs to levels these fucks .
this is a moral failing of the church .
the " leaders " of this church apparently do n't care about the economic consequences of uncontrolled immigration , especially when it 's a scenario we currently have , a rich superpower with a generous welfare - state for anyone that breeds bordering a failed narco - state full of desperately - poor people who do n't change their government to improve their own lives .
mexicans and latin americans in general prefer to simply run away from their problems and bring their families , their culture , and their problems here to america and force us to help them .
no thanks .
return to sender .
deport .
build the wall mr trump and throw the 4 crybaby wannabe congress so called women over it back to their sandbox .
their camels miss them
" brennan & obama used isil to kill christians in iraq - decimated christian community from millions to 250,000 " " i know that 's true .
many times terrorists are being moved across borders by the " red crescent " society the muslim red cross " anonav7 7/8/19 url url
and the sjw industry takes another one in the junk .
more to follow ....
i see the ' sanctuary city / county / college ' " do n't tell about the criminals here because they are hispanics " paradigm as having a similar result to the refusal of blacks and hispanics in high crime areas refusal to " tell about the criminals " in their neighborhoods .
in both cases , other people become victims of the same criminals already identified as being dangerous .
the liberals are n't the potential victims , of course , so they are safe .
when that three - time deportee and four - time felon attacks a u of o student , then a change might occur .
until then , the blinders are on .
or maybe it will be ignored as just being ' anecdotal ' evidence !
or justified because it 's the victim 's fault .
flashback : mayor collects $ 2 m for election coffer --- http://archives.starbulletin.com/2008/03/24/news/story02.html
jew get the fuck out of here you jewish son of a bitch , i 'll rape your fucking family if you do n't leave you semite bastard .
i will shoot you if you return , because you 're a dirty semite , i hope you choke on a fucking bagel , prick .
shalom .
we came in ?
when the entire non - white world is breathing down your neck waiting for an opportunity to kill you , anything you do to protect yourself is self - defense .
@blackrepublican how long after the name change will al memorabilia w / redskins name be deemed racist and therby illegal ?
latinos who think they 're woke by choosing coke over pepsi and not knowing how bad coke has screwed latin america # smh
help urgent trying to convince my mom that there is a need for mensrights advocates , she is a strong feminist who believes , and i quote , ' it is okay for women to form exclusive cliques only for women because they are oppressed , it would be appalling for men to do the same ' .
stay tuned .... may not be so sunny for long
@_sjpeace _ the world is infested with.white psychopaths that r real alliens and i tell u now , we really have a problem in this world as long as the whites exist .. they r the worst cruel unreasonable twisted minded jealous assholes ever .
blacks r by nature good beings !
" quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital " ; muslims are terrorists ; jews are cheap ; women are stupid ; blacks are criminals ; mexicans are druglords ; frat boys are rapists ;   " quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital . "
i 'm not as articulate in my bigotry as potter , sorry .
me ?
i 'm not sure i fit that label anymore .
i do believe in equality for sure .
just put all the bigots in alabama and let them wall it off ... they can live like it 's 1920 and the rest of the country can progress .
starbucks everybody remember that in muslim countries they do not allow women kindly ask them to wait in the car and send a man
@jackposobiec @somelittlellama @oann wow it looks like mr. hates refugees and immigrants wants to be one .
hard pass
not sure what a mehicano is , maybe a mexicano if that s what you meant ?
anyway i d bet you have no brown friends and you live in the boonies fingering your sister .
go back to europe puto !
< user > you all were mocking south east asians amp east asians esp chinese for eating insects now look at you all 🤭
old school bullshitters are the best , they completely forget i have access to the world in my pocket . #
internetera # gottodobetter
black guy and a mexican are in a car .
who 's driving ?
the cop
anthony , wild animals , and to a lesser extent dogs , do n't know any better about where to defecate .
humans , even the inebriate misfits , have had training about where and how to relieve one 's self .
when the squatters do otherwise they simply are demonstrating the training did n't matter because they do n't care .
the squatters are making a choice : they 'd rather beg , steal and be drugged than work and adhere to social and healthy norms .
y'all men need to watch these " cream pies " bitches be having yeast infections & amp ; on a 7 day monistat treatment .
know the difference
not for long boomer the kikes are gon na make sure they are all in spanish then they are gon na make you marry off ur daughter to a nigger transexual to prove you re not a bigot cuck
i am white , white is my favorite color
happy mothers ' day 
 just wanted to wish a happy mothers ' day to any men in here who are doing that job .
instead of killing americans just kill brown kids instead url
that dumbass spic was destined to lose
we are spoiled in southern california .
we want it to rain and ca n't get any .
< user > did not know what a nazi salute was that because all the left wing media paint everyone as nazis
old dudes who like fucking chicks in their 20s - they are openly descriminated against often being called names like " creep " or " perv " when going in for the descrete sniff or to cop a gentle feel & these slurs are said in public and nobody says a thing .
its a fucking travesty if i am honest .
there should be a day where older guys can just touch them and they have to pretend to enjoy themselves .
a spic faggot ?
really ?
a white man making latin chicken ?
unbelievable .
& # 8220;@jennahord12 : @ambernicolee05 dreamgirl mckee & # 128514;&#8221;ooh !
bet you wooonnnttt stick dat hoe
a female 's model society : all women are bred by a small group of chads , betas get sexbots as a pittance
abbi chase really thinks she that bitch me because i am that bitch 😛
yea it 's especially weird considering their proclivity for pedophilia and prepubescent girls .
i 'm guessing their logic is " chads like huge pornstar tits and all women care about is what chad thinks so therefore all women want to look like pamela anderson and if i tell them they 're flat they 'll be wrecked . "
fucking hate sneezing and what has set me off i have no idea&#128580;&#128580;&#128580;&#128580 ;
< user > the way people are not taking racism against asians seriously
how y all niggas find out she was cheating lmaoo
i 'm mentally unstable at best right now .
saying goodbye to people i love triggers the fuck out of me .
partly visible and partly invisible at all times , ples are based upon standard community organizing practices that even take into account the factor of opposition .
@cathmckenna a lying privileged white girl who steals from the canadian taxpayers and shoots more shit into the oceans talking about " conservative " waste ... really mckenna .... really!smfh
exactly , chris nyman .
when the facts do not support the bias , print the bias as fact ......
i see it all with utter clarity , the police got away with perjury , only in a century will those who say it now be vindicated , as galileo was .
but his enablers wo n't , so we need to keep repeating it over and over , in as many ways as possible , until everyone can see it .
i 'd bet she 's fucking somebody back home and you are a greencard marriage
the hoes would hate me before i ever hate them cause ew the ghetto 😂
we have two things wrong here , mexcicans in a white homeland and a pizza company sending a female in harms way .
another option , when conflict does occur , is to seek assistance from a mediator .
mediation is a voluntary process in which a neutral third party facilitates the negotiations of those involved in the conflict .
the parties craft their own solution to the problem that can go beyond what a court could ultimately decide and the process can bring finality , closure and certainty all at a fraction of the cost of drawn out court proceedings .
disputes among family members are particularly well suited to mediation given the range and intensity of issues usually involved .
women go broke and start telling niggas they pregnant so send some abortion money
bernie sanders writes in opinions : the straightest path to racial equality is through the one percent url
no , duh ? !
< user > no one spouts hate against immigrants idiot
well all of us chicago based people should get together then and toast this disgustingly loving soon to be couple with a round of good brew .
rosie is an insane lesbian being a lesbian tells you she is mentally ill
rip nehlen he may be married to a beaner and a christcuck but at least he aiming in the right direction
seeking any good single woman in the fox valley area for some conversation and maybe some romance .
i love real mexican food so i steal my food from others .
if you do n't want robocalls , sign up with nomorobo and that should do it .
usually , when we watch tv , the caller id will come on the screen with the phone number ( usually out of state ) .
the phone will ring once and that 's it .
that 's the good thing about nomorobo .
one ring and pau .
you know it 's a robocall .
the only way we are going to free the west from dangerous invaders is to ban all the male cucks and the women who crave somali cock from our parliaments
< user > < user > maybe sturgeon will offer her a room at her house along with the syrians refugees
for them hindi and hindu are inseparable .
a hindu who does n't speak hindi is not completely hindu .
< number > yr ago muslims shot killed whites blacks latinos asians christians jews for the fact they were non muslim americans sanbernardino
let us   get rid of inter - provincial trade barriers ..
as i read the article , " placement of human remains allegedly occurred " means there is an allegation human remains were placed there .
i do n't remember a news report about human remains from the proposed tmt site , and the article does n't state that human remains were found there , so i 'm inquiring whether the allegation is true .
several commenters here believe it is true , and for all i know they are right , but so far no one has claimed to have seen the bones .
i did n't mean to suggest that non - human bones were found at the proposed tmt site , and i agree with you that the suggestion does n't make sense .
baby rodrigues your country is full of retards which probably explains why you do n't know the difference between the liberian flag and american flag .
this is what the actual red piller believe , warning : mega extra cope fuel
kafkaesque reddit - banned from /r / science for asking appropriate questions .
incels must think that there 's a global orgy taking place that they did n't get invited too
what do we call marijuana addicts ?
mexicans .
< user > < user > he dindu nuffin
did n't donal trump inject race into everything ?
was n't he playing the race card everywhere ?
who were his " forgotten voters ? "
angry white men .
what was he doing calling mexicans rapists ?
mexicans get greasy sweating in just a day .
why do all of those illegals not look greasy and shiny in the video ?
because they are liars and they came here illegally .
they are typical criminals .
if you wanna look at any # of stats , many would indicate that your leafs are a middle of the pack team .
goal differential , pdo , pts / game played , record in regulation , to name 4 .
that 's not to say they are much good , middle of the pack teams would need many things to go their way to sneak into the playoffs .
1 of their failings , as has been noted , mostly be me , as a poster who actually delves into some research and analysis rather than merely reacting to any 1 of 82 games played , has been in extra time .
they are now 2 - 2 in the 3 - on-3 sideshow , and fully 0 - 5 in the abomination , the so .
reverse their so record , or even it out somewhat , as it 's mostly a coin flip which team wins , and your leafs are potentially in a playoff position .
so if you 're of a mind that 's influenced by critical thinking , you might expect things to maybe even out over time .
but remember , there 's a good chance so records determine which teams make the playoffs .
hardly the right way to go .
i believe that a number of churches have indeed been burned to the ground , including recently in australia .
but this ca n't be the answer , can it ?
to return violence for violence ?
i hope not .
but i agree that the church has lost the right to police itself - because it has failed so abysmally to do so .
it must be made to comply with external policing of this matter .
and it must be made to hand its records over , when they are needed in investigations .
we have two things wrong here , mexcicans in a white homeland and a pizza company sending a female in harms way .
it was about my second year of university when i was forced to take psychology and sociology 101 ( math major ) .
in sociology we learnt how gender was a social construct and absent our bias differences would disappear , in psychology we learnt about the biological differences between the sexes , up to and including brain structure .
now these were 101 courses 20 years ago but i still question this idea that " masculinity " is a social construct .
my boys play with guns and my daughter likes dolls- i did n't buy my daughter a doll until she asked for one and i 've never bought my sons guns- they just use fingers and toilet paper rolls .
is n't it possible that tens of thousands of years of evolution has influenced the behavour of men and women ?
with a sufficient knowledge of statistics i can tell you that the correlation is convincing .
the goal should be to run them the hell out of the country .
i hate ole dusty ass mississippi but jus for these moments i got ta be there
probably got bumped to let obama in .
i was on the ucla campus recently .
asians everywhere .
but , it is not that they are bumping asians in favor of whites .
they are bumping asians and whites in favor of blacks and hispanics .
my guess is that ripple gon na consolidate at around 0.00018 bitcoin
in the brexit referendum in the uk 64 percent of people aged 18 to 24 did not bother to vote .
if they had voted the result would have been different .
they moaned and whined and complained afterwards , but have only themselves to blame .
let 's hope the youngest generation of eligible voters in america behave with a higher understanding of their civic duty in this election .
i understand the prosecutor is trying to clean up prostitution and drug use however it is also his responsibility to release any dolphins from his net before sending the catch to the cannery .
you brought up mexicans .
so do n't whine about my point nor complain about tangents .
simply ask , rather than make assumptions .
you did nt even make the most logical of assumptions but a knee jerk reaction .
are mexicans and africans the only immigrants ?
i did n't use the term so i have nothing to clarify .
but i bet if you used your noodle instead of your ego you could get in the ball park
a couple of " wish we were niggas " wanna a be pussies .
weak as fuck !
i fucking hate you i hope i m clean from this mess as soon as possible or else i m gon na drag you down with me
from the stats , one out five people shot by police , were black people .
that is well within the population ratio .
that mean other four were not black but probably whites , hispanics , asian americans and natives .
how many times do we have to read about black person being shot by police ?
you read it a lot because that is part of the media 's agenda .
you do n't read much about white guy or asian guy or hispanic guy being shot by police because it simply not in their interest to report it .
media , like so many elements of our society , got their own political agenda .
was castile 's killing a racist one ? ?
would it help if he was white instead of black ?
well , considering that the officer who shot him is a latino , maybe that governor should have said that if castile was latino ..... then he would have been better off .
but in this case , i think that latino officer just panic and for that , he deserves whatever punishment heading his way .
all beaners back to taco land
jury in the katie stienle trial just let the piece of shit off not guilty of murder vigilante justice needs to make a come back in a big way if there going to let murdering beaners walk the streets
a mexican and a nigger are riding in a car ... who 's driving ?
a cop
you think that jew son of an fbi agent and that bald spic dyke needed school to teach them to hate whites and white society
" racism , " like beauty , is in the eye of the beholder
of course she 'll get the nomination over me .
she 's a minority .
no is not bad and you should never lower your self to their level of self denial and blindness .
don't waste the gas sending them back .
they came illegally & intentionally ! ! !
throw em in a giant wood chipper and aim the shoot back over the border !
i think you do the best you can to embrace the best of who you are by helping the white cause .
why do mexican kids go around acting like they own all the schools ?
their dads build them and their moms clean them .
< user > i did nt lose my shit over < number > guards being arrested you bum fuck racoon retard you sure showed me
take them all down .
i do n't care if they 're black white democrat republican whatever .
christians suck
kik me you dirty spic twisteddom43
that 's called white flight , and it 's why the city centre of almost every major american city is now predominantly non - white .
i like how they have to specifically say non hispanic in white categories on graphs because the kikes will lump anyone in with us to make our numbers worse
that moment when you ca n't relate to the sat memes because you did n't fucking take it ...
i want to ram my cock down her throat
not christian to call those who disagree with you , " haters , " which seems to be the favorite word of the right .
true christians do n't hate anyone , do n't espouse judging others ( bigotry ) , and certainly do n't support taking from the sick , disabled , poor , elderly , etc . ,
to pad their own wallets imo .
seems the left policies better align with christ 's teachings than those of the right .
bring the 3rd world in to the us , legal and illegal come one come all ! !
but do n't you dare criticize israel ! ! !
from a comment at sailors via unz 

 if donald trump successfully puts a stop to this cultural rot then , rather than the populist agitator that he is currently portrayed as being , history will remember him as a plutocratic hero – a far - sighted ( and fairly underlyingly conventional ) member of the elite
he was groping her and other women have come forward saying he groped them i can understand why you would want to white knight for your fellow krakow gutter rat but do not be silly he guilty
hitler did n't finish it .
can u. if a nigger ur jew confronts u in the street what then .
bunch of fucking anchor babies
i did n't go to school there but can i come too ?
i think that the fact that many of the young people are latino gives the anti - daca crowd double reason for their position .
i think that they are both anti - immigrant and racist .
" you will find a girl like you " 
 because it 's totally possible i find a virgin , socially retarded girl that does n't smoke , drink and masturbate .
what 's long , brown , and smells like shit ?
the unemployment line .
< user > sorry i am not a queer and if i was it be with a negro
everything is a reminder of our subhumanity 
 watch a live stream 

 think about donating as i like the show 

 streamer shows or talk about his gf 

 never watch the stream again 




 watch a movie / serie 

 principal character has a gf 

 stop watching 




 read a book 

 principal character has a gf 

 stop reading
they etched four white men into a mountain but go off url
the love of money is the root of all the evil # sevdiklerimiçin dağhan # enginakyürek seldağ # ölenekadar # dağhan
i want and believe in self determination for my people said the black man 

 i want and believe in self determination for my people said the brown man 

 i want and believe in self determination for my people said the white racist 

 # whitegenocide
do not give up good women still exist and are being formed everyday
i 'm sorry but i do t see how people like linda sarsour point to the hijab as a good thing .
why does n't demboski spend some time on drug abuse , alcohol abuse , child abuse , spousal abuse , road rage , teenage illiteracy and ethics , drug trafficking , and violence ( you know real problems ) instead of trying to promote whatever kind of unsubstantiated fear she is trying to promote .
o.k. , lets see here ... trump ... why expand the nuclear arsenal , when it only takes 100 nuclear warheads to destroy the whole world .
imagine if i 'd been born with a cunt .
i 'd be a woman .
holy fuck this cough is about to drive me insane & # 128580 ;
true .
as long as they do n't consider themselves " conservative " then they can be low key racist & still feel good about themselves .
suck your mother url
per capita whites are doing much better than the chinese besides i think you are over estimating how much soy the average chinaman actually eats
there are scholarships available solely for black men , black women , only women , hispanic men and women ... but if there was a scholarship that only a white man could apply for , i bet it would cause an uproar .
just sayin ' .
is this fair in today 's day and age ?
what did my generation do to oppress any specific group of people ?
is n't it time for equality across the board ?
hahaha～i mean its fun of u do nt like social that much its pretty cool that way # kristenstewart anyway i was just sayin hbd2 u happy 27th bd
a 13 1/2 hour working day when your hanging out just ai n't the one ... i 'm fucked me
a close up from last night # panties # thighs # femboy # femboi # dildo # anal # thighhigh # socks # stockings # gay # bi # crossdresser # crossdressing # twink url
one reason i ended up in prison was that i did n't consider myself qualified to be a conscientious objector -- if this country was attacked i would emotionally respond to defend it .
those who fought in every war since at least ww2 did nothing to defend this country .
it was all about building empire for the 1 % to profit from .
the people we attacked and killed in vietnam , korea , panama , iraq , libya , syria and other nations did nothing to harm us nor did they have the ability to do so .
it was all for lies .
parnell would have let the aklng project die two years ago when it became clear it was n't going anywhere .
do n't kid yourself , bob , this is walker 's baby and the alaska republican party wants nothing to do with it , or a fake conservative like him .
even though they are fucking retarded , atleast they have the littlest of sense to not kill children then blame doctors
every single mass shooter in canada that i can recall had a firearms license .
one even used a registered firearm when the lgr was alive .
in the us they have lots of gun control .
some states have more than canada does .
what they need is perhaps more enforcement but certainly more services for mental health .
but ultimately if no one reports someone who they believe is on the edge , then no law in the world is going to stop them from going on some sort of killing spree .
wow , you are very understanding when it ’s a white guy with the “ problem” ... round up his family and friends and throw them out of america , they must ’ve known what he was up to , what ’s good for the muslims , mexicans and blacks should be applied to all ... i mean , if protecting americans is truly your priority ... #maga
really , that s good to know !
always thought it was taxed .
if you do n't pitch inside , you ca n't win .
most starters with lower era 's can command the inner half of the plate .
as a major league rookie , marquez has n't mastered the command yet , hence the hbp 's .
major leaguers understand this , so when they think someone is retaliating intentionally , they 'll let you know it .
donald trump , the new american saddam .
saddam and trump , two peas in a pod .
there ’s a parallel at work here .
trump has said he bears personal animosity for latinos and wants to expel all 11 million back to their country of origin .
saddam wiped out millions of his own people , the kurds , with chemical bombs while he reigned .
he called the kurds terrorists .
trump called latinos criminals and rapists .
we have much to fear from this man who wants to be president and one who personally admired saddam as a great dictator .
trump has complained that the n.j. and n.y. terrorist has rights .
he does .
we are a nation that lives by the rule of law .
block list checker : great tool allows you to see if feminists have added you to the notorious twitter blocklists ( and your ranking too )
the majority of christians are niggers and spics fail
oh man i used focus twice .
do n't tweet at 4 am on your way to the airport if you want to maintain your linguistic integrity , kids .
thank you , mayor berkowitz and those voting for the property tax increase and more spending in the city of anchorage , for keeping mat - su 's housing market so healthy during this recession .
many of your residents are recognizing that affordable living , larger homes and lots for the bucks , and lower taxes are worth the commute .
keep it up , we appreciate your assistance !
fag dennis grahl from berlin needs a hard mouthfuck url
man if these people were from where i am from , they 'd be dead .
i agree with you that we should not keep white nationalists , etc .
from airing their views .
if you 've heard their views , you know they consider blacks and latinos ( and anyone who defends them ) as undeserving of rights as americans .
how does a dark - skinned person respond to a white who considers him sub - human ?
i want to believe in a free market economy .
or at least a freer market economy .
but canadian real estate market is the most interfered with market in the nation - and that interference is designed to drive prices up .
i 'll keep saying it : nearly a trillion dollars in taxpayer - insured mortgages and many kinds of special tax treatment for this asset type ( as compared with other asset types ) , coupled with an " emergency low " rate environment and loophole - riddled immigration programs that encourage citizens of convenience ( and foreign money investment in real estate ) make this an entirely rigged situation .
young people and families , the people taking the biggest risks or paying the biggest price for this folly - are just fighting for their place in this engineered mess .
niggas be lying i be believing em 🥺
< user > first impression on you negro nickname i have for you in my head negro how close we are in rating < number > how much i like you < number > one thing i dislike about you sometimes you are super annoying what you mean to me homie best feature feet
oh i 'm not surprised .
when i was 19 years old , i spent 3 months in a homeless shelter .
i had a group of weird latina and black women look at me like i was garbage .
later on after they came to know me and like me , they apologized for thinking i " looked like a nazi " when they first saw me .
how did i " look like a nazi " ?
because a lot of people know someone of ethnic german background when they see them .
what a mess
not happy w trump disavowing altright nazis nothing can be further from the truth spencer whoever is just obama cia plant trump border wall refugee vetting intent ending sanctuary cities are viewed as racist by left will he backtrack now maga presidenttrump newyorkvalues
lol .
that was not one of the options .
so why are you defending one of the crookedest campaigns since 2008 ?
and one of the crookedest administrations since the 90 's
satan has influence too .
influence is n't itself good or bad .
the intents and strategies of getting , maintaining , and using the influence are the issues .
to suggest blm wants to kill all white cops is right wing rhetoric dribble .
what they want is equal treatment from cops when being pulled over , or for having a legal gun , or for , you know , just walking the streets .
yes , there are bad eggs in that group , just like there are bad eggs in nearly every group - but that group was not founded on " kill all white cops " .
the core concept of that group is to get equal treatment .
whereas the core concept of white nationalists is the elimination of anyone who does not look like them .
you suggesting that blm is " the same " as white nationalists actually gives more power to white nationalists because you are equating them to a movement towards equality .
which they are anything but that .
to prove my point , how many black people do you see joining the white nationalists ?
where as blm is not exclusive to black people , and many people who support that movement are in fact white , and latino , and gay , and straight , and jewish and muslim .
that white bitch makes me angry
kral supposedly was going to meet some guy in a cemetery .
the authorities might want to look for her in freshly dug graves .
that 's all interesting lisa but it really avoids the issue .
and you seem be making some misstatements yourself .
i did not say that djou " was going to raise taxes . "
i said that his current position includes " possibly seeking a further get surcharge extension . "
if djou has now ruled out that possibility , or is claiming he never took that position , he should say so directly and explain how he would complete the project without a surcharge extension .
djou seems to have lots of trouble offering specific answers , and people have caught on to that .
" looking for other ways to fund it " does n't say anything and thus does n't really count .
at any rate , my questions were really for cayetano .
have a nice day .
ummm .... maybe not be a peice of fucking shit and overreact and kill people cause you 're a weak little bitch .
no amount of " bullying " ever constitutes killing people .
fuck you .
airpods are cool and all until you lose those hoes every < number > min
< number > amsyar • he used to look more chinese during form one • a bitch • uri dumbass • good advices • he always there if u need him • nice haircut • no emotions most of the time • lowkey hates everyone
they get what they deserve .
black guy and a mexican are in a car .
who 's driving ?
the cop
from our statue of liberty   " give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe   free , the wretched refuse of your teeming shore , send these , the   homeless , tempest - tost to me , i lift my lamp beside the golden door ! "
our entire population has immigrant history and ancestry even our   native americans migrated here thousand of years ago
typical washington com - post spew .
good grief ....
kafkaesque reddit - banned from /r / science for asking appropriate questions .
yet america has and ( unfortunately ) will continue to provide military cover for all of europe while you flood your own countries with third - world , incompatible trash people .
go fuck yourself dude - y' all are a bunch of pussies .
oh and use the right " you 're " ...
seriously mind blowing how many innocuous products contain milk and gluten&#128561;&#128561 ; — feeling a little frustrated
anyone remember a time that the gop cared about the deficit ?
if most americans will receive a $ 4,000 tax cut , where do you think that will come from ?
yep , printing money .
no thinking individual believes it will be made up by growing the economy .
other than the current administration , which lies for a living , i have n't heard even one gop representative say we can pay for it by growing the economy .
at this point , it just no longer is a priority .
welfare check turns into a swat mission .
if they had left him alone , i 'm certain both parties would still be alive .
police entering your home unannounced will surely place unnecessary stress .
thanks again , to the brave men and women of law enforcement .. but this time , you messed up .
war mongers are so fast to wage war - using someone else 's son as cannon fodder .
it is because they shit in the streets and eat shit and they wipe asses with their hand and are all rapists and scammers and goat fuckers and pedophiles
< user > < user > you are comply ignorant and love to play the victim just like a neo nazi really
sex be so good a bitch be slow stroking and crying
this funny to y' all but if it was a white guy doing monkey noises to a black kid y' all would of lost it , y' all pathetic url
people who eat dark chocolate less likely to be depressed , but whether it 's chocolate 's mood boosting effects at work , or whether depression lessens interest in eating chocolate is still unknown : url via @sciencedaily @ahs_innovates @ucalgary url
he a wetback so he both
@ikeepitchilld @newjersey973 grown ass men going back and forth about a woman 's look .
you hate to see it .
dumb bimbo cunt getting its face pussy used .
url
phobia is not just fear it irrational fear even if there are people who actually fear islam their fear is fully rational and justified thing is people find islam repulsive vile violent and foul no feeling of fear involved
a black man and a mexican are in a car .
who is driving ?
the cop .
with the current batch of cpc candidates you get none of the above .
could n't happen to a better set of voters .
all jeff sessions did was void an illegal obama era policy .
shut up homophobic pussy boi — jdkfjcjc url
the ndp will never win .
they 'll make sleazy deals to appear to have won , but ultimately it will all come home to roost .
a 2nd election is imminent and welcomed .
< user > < user > r u kidding it be all over the news lol media hawks would jump on it quick and make it front page where they d be sure to mention at least < number > times how many jews suffered n died in the holocaust 🙄
@arynewsofficial @iaalikhan political is so sweet hog bone 🦴 in pak for nawaz families they must licked it all times tills there graves they been lies to the nation last 35 years we as nation trusted these s son of bitches now times to flushed them the toilet to get rid of disease
a female 's model society : all women are bred by a small group of chads , betas get sexbots as a pittance
perhaps bho and clinton made the declarations because the tribes did not want them to become wastelands , perhaps ?
( and yes , perhaps a bit of hyperbole using " wasteland " since i would hope it is an exaggeration and wo n't get that bad . )
chuck schumer b > you know my name comes from the word shomer guardian watcher my ancestors were guardians of the ghetto wall in chortkov b
years ago my brother said , “ stop giving them money , they ’ll go home . ”
no , you did n't .
the bayeux taken on brendan cox admission that he has been guilty of some inappropriate actions in light of allegations of sexual harassment created < date > brendancox moreincommon hopenothate jocox hypocrisy hypocrite virtuesignalling predator creep
surely metropolitan kallistos ' " healing of the alienation within us " is a bit more modern than " the more ancient view of baptism . "
;-) 

 but of course your point that his point that baptism as integration into the new life in christ is more ancient that the dominant western dominant notion of washing way the mark left on the soul by original sin .
in the west , i think alternate notions never dies out , but removing the stain of sin was pushed in catechisms and thus became the instinctive first thought in the minds of catholics .
i assume most blacks are criminals when i see them , its why i never hire any .
i m usually right .
this is why we won , because americans know that giving these people power for another day is unacceptable .
we need to fight back against the synagogue and their white / mexican / black communist useful idiots they get to do their dirty work for them .
i am armed and i am ready for these scum if they try to resist being sent back to mexico / guatemala all these illegal invaders that want to invade our nations and change it to suit their savage ways .
illegals must die .
some of them are still young and none of you think how will these things might affect their mental health and how they will lose confidence reading those articles and what will their parents feel about it i fucking hate you all
white guest , late 40 's from arizona : : are you native ?
me : : ( respectfully smiling )   no .
guest : : black ?
me : : ( still smiling ) no , i 'm mexican .
guest : : oh , well you 're real pretty , for being mexican .
me : : ( still smiling but internally yelling ) well , thank you so much .
> no guy wants to fuck you and you 've never had any dick in your life   how are you claiming you are n't a homophobic rapist stalker with that hideous comment claiming homosexuals should be raped because they are n't attractive enough .
you ugly hillbilly slob .
lesbians do n't want you because we are same sex attracted .
this is a rape threat   ban this psycho rapist goon !
no .
such as a bunch of dusty old twats getting together and writing a bunch of books about what kind of masculinity is good what kind is n't .
i like my women like i like my cigars .
cuban , shipped in bulk and < number > years old .
" quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital ; " muslims are terrorists ; jews are cheap ; women are stupid ; blacks are criminals ; mexicans are druglords ; frat boys are rapists ;   " quebec is an almost pathologically alienated and low - trust society , deficient in many of the most basic forms of social capital . "
if jews killed more than 4 million germans after wwii , there must be a record somewhere .
please produce a source for your claim .
mother jones - a left biased media source ; publishes misleading reports and omits information ; these sources are highly untrustworthy . -
media bias fact check 
 got anything from rueters on this subject ?
seeking any good single woman in the fox valley area for some conversation and maybe some romance .
it 's   a poison - spiked ball that can only be handled with gloves of pure illogic .
i think all people should get the chance to go to college whether they are black , mexican , or smart
yep you ca n't be hispanic with a name like reuben .
no hispanic would be so stupid as to name their kind after a sandwich on rye bread .
non whites negroes mestizos asians are used by jews as proxies against whites that why jews promote non white immigration in white countries so they can use non white proxies against whites to frame and blackmail for political control and eventually murder whites
that a fact so much so that asians automatically get < number > points deducted from their sat scores while blacks hispanics get < number > < number > points added to theirs you know just to keep the balance so no one really sees what happening caucasians they are on their own
> besides , companies trying to keep on top of diversity is n't necessarily a bad thing in my eyes .
non - whites , women and sexual minorities are underrepresented in just about every industry in the first world and not by coincidence , hiring biases exist and due to lack of opportunities it 's tougher to break in for those with biases against them .
plus different backgrounds add different experience and ideas to the company , so it 's healthy for them too .
forced representation still is n't the solution .
there should be equality of opportunity , not of outcome .
" brennan & obama used isil to kill christians in iraq - decimated christian community from millions to 250,000 " " i know that 's true .
many times terrorists are being moved across borders by the " red crescent " society the muslim red cross " anonav7 7/8/19 url url
can not help but feel that mexico perhaps unintentionally or perhaps in an effort to stay in our good standing trade wise let a caravan of illegal immigrants into their own country for the sole purpose of justifying the border wall
then that judge should be deported to guatemala or forced to live in a sanctuary city housing projects with the rest of those measles spreading cocksuckers .
lol this dumb bitch is so triggered started spamming me with slew of retarded mentions
a family friend is 6 % sub - saharan african , and nearly half native - american , but she looks white .
if you are going to protest the pipeline do not become part of the problem inciting violence is not the answer martin luther king jr did an amazing job protesting without violence so can you ndpipelineprotest
for several years now on the lars larson daily radio show lars has a gentleman on his show usually once a week   that quotes daily , monthly ,   and annual crime   statistics , ( rape , murders , domestic violence etc . ) ,
and other statistics   like    food stamp numbers , welfare numbers etc .
he discloses on whites , blacks , latino , mexican whatever races .
its quite staggering to see the numbers of    latinos , mexicans that are incarcerated , or on food stamps .
these people are committing the most   violent crimes , and of course ,   most are illegal aliens .
they need to be sent back and build the wall .
motley 's post below is a good example .
the drain on the states financial resources for these folks is horrific .
what 's the most positive interaction you 've had with a woman who was n't a relativ ? .
please advise first where " a good priest " was " excommunicated " ?
if referring to flannery - he was not excommunicated , so steven shea 's statement , although receiving many " likes " is wrong in it 's premise .
love conspiracy theories they are finding blond red haired mummies all over china mongolia etc theory is they came west from the black sea region and met the asians after a while the black sea tribe allowed technology transfer to the asians asians then used the tech against the black sea
white supremacists are forming global networks much as jihadis did prior to < number > < number > and are learning from jihadi tactics the brief said
@vipulchavada _ @cartelx4 @cnnbrk go have some cow urine .... and it 's going dark u need to go to fields for doing shit ... islam is a religion from thousands years but u make ur god with cement every next year .
do n't try to teach father how to fuck u asshole .
you niggers need to stop being homophobic
< user > milky spores we think we have moles and the milky spores will kill their food source grubs
no reason to be armed if you are white in wallmart .
hispanic on the other can result in death .
ok .
will you put down your keyboard , then , and help apprehend ?
but what are you even talking about anyway ?
the article seems to blast law enforcement for gasp !
enforcing laws .
why ... we ca n't have that now , can we ?
if obama had done his job as exec and enforced the laws as they were written , then maybe there would n't be so many of them to enforce our laws on .
its a shame that most of the " new " law enforcement folks , who average around 32 or so , came up in a time w/ only one president ... obama .
after having been indoctrinated in our liberal left colleges , its no wonder that society forgets what a " nation of laws " looks like .
must be all relative i guess .
also , did you read the implementing legislation that the eo you cite comes from ?
kinda hypocritical of you to quote word for word the eo to make your point on this issue , but not quote the volumes of set law that supports the eo .
hmmm .
i 'm used to it already , though .
carry on .
sometimes i feel like duche bag calls to the clinic are just tests because of how idiotic the people get .
< user > you only dislike him cuz he ain t musty trailer trash like the pink dick you normally go for
< user > what about us white arabs
get a clue , mexican and islam are not races .
i 'm done with football .
period , the end .
this is the final straw .
i was leaning that way because of the damage done to young men to entertain the masses , but this political bs is the final nail in the coffin .
i 'll enjoy my sundays so much more now that the broncos are out of my life .
those were the only games left that i watched anyhow .
it 's fading from many people 's lives but will hang on just as boxing does ( which i stopped watching back in the muhammad ali era ) because the masses need their blood sport .
no , i 'm basically laughing at all the tiki torch alt - right " white genocide " tears on this thread like above when you feared " tan " people would go the way of the buffalo because of those pesky latinos and east africans in holyoke .
i 'll bet your grandpa was all up in arms about the swarthy italians with their unassimilatable catholic religion , their foreign language , their scary criminal ways , their " ethnic " garlicky food , and their allegiance to the roman pope .
back then the cryababies called it " invasion of the papists " and they wrung their hands just as vigorously as you guys are on this thread .
same with jewish immigrants .
same with polish immigrants .
same with irish immigrants .
same with vietnamese immigrants , same with .... 

 guess what ?
the country survived and was made stronger by those immigrants too and " white genocide " or " protestant genocide " or " anglo saxon genocide " or " hamburger and hot dog genocide " did n't happen then either .
but keep up those alt - right tears and fears .
the talking stage so ghetto i ’ m tired of going through that shit with people
@greatgameindia you 're telling the world that indians are foolish and fucking retard nation you guys are morons you ca nt understand that if we involved politics and defense forces in this game then it will be disaster for this game do n't destroy sports
what do you call a fat black communist ?
queen antifah
the way jdm looks and carries negan and talks .
his epic vulgarity .
i 'll miss it too much .
be canon , twd !
keep negan alive ! (
he 's toast :( )
let 's talk about how # billcosby deserves to go down asap , but where was the cascading media blitz on # woodyallen ?
fucker is still a demigod
@tomthunkitsmind pat robertson is going straight to hell he better start trying asking god for forgiveness as the hate he is promoting is pure evil ! !
we want to hear @arianagrande 's new song # everyday on @mostrequestlive tonight , @onairromeo please ! #
mostrequestedlive thannks xoxo
" fuck black people and fuck uneducated retards "
remember islam ignited in the middle east they once were normal then they got ruled by violence brainwashed
this is the worst coverage of this situation ever .
you suck tom rogan because we all know that police profile ... stanford researchers have found that police in that state are more likely to search black and hispanic motorists , using a lower threshold of suspicion , than when they stop white or asian drivers .
lets just accept this as fact and realize that she was racially profiled and these two punk ass racist cops need to become metermaids .
@temasmith @03_donny @dr_jfprice @jewtastic idk , one of us , apparently .
but literally the first thing in my pinned post says i 'm muslim , so who knows ?
i 'm now wondering if he 's thought i 'm jewish this entire time .
how hoes be whole ass adults and ca nt drive
we do n't care what you think , homophobic prick
little timmy told santa he wanted a little brother .
santa got arrested completing his wish .
start reporting the nationalities of illegal immigrant murderers rapists and frame headlines as national assaults honduran rapes california woman mexican man shoots two in botched robbery illegal immigrant implies they belong or will stay when paperwork is figured out they will not
black guy and a mexican are in a car .
who 's driving ?
the cop
hawaiian humane society pegged the cost of euthanasia at $ 72 and neutering is at around $ 30 .
so , the libs were out by only 550 % .
that 's not bad .
feel free to peruse my several posts containing exact trump quotes that clearly reflect the fact that he is a racist and bigot .
but aside from direct quotes , there 's plenty of evidence to point to the fact he 's racist , from the fact the he refused to rent to blacks in the 70 's to his rants about mexican and muslim judges today .
the fact that he has consistently denigrated women in word and deed can not be denied by any truthful person .
nor can the fact that he dislikes gays , made fun of a disabled man ( captured on video ) and done and said countless other disgusting things .
if you " do not see where he has ever made any direct statements " such as i and literally , everyone on the internet , who owns a television , tweets , reads and/or ownsany kind of media device whatsoever , then you are in true denial , the kind where a woman starving to death from anorexia sees a fat person in the mirror .
instead of killing americans just kill brown kids instead url
i remember cassandra from ottawa jumping up and down and screaming , along with every other liberal that comments here , that harper had blood on his hands , when the g&m published the bogus story that the conservatives had denied refugee status to the family of the dead kid on the beach .
that bogus story changed the election dynamic .
remember the story was bogus as the g&m had to issue an apology and retraction .
yet when we have a story that is in fact true , as trudeau himself has admitted it as so , cassandra from ottawa is jumping up and down and screaming   that the g&m is out to get trudeau .
that is what you call hypocrisy .
liberal hypocrisy .
small blackpill 
 i was studying with my friend tonight who is a stacy , and she said something to the effect of " people look for good genes when dating , they are thinking of how good their potential offspring will be . "
i 'm convinced nle choppa just a hood nigga with adhd url
i wonder if poland will accept christian refugees from germany and france in the coming years
what 's challenging is when right - leaning and left - leaning pastors both claim god told them who to vote for .
what then ?
reminds me of an old dire straits lyric , " two men say they 're jesus .
one of them must be wrong . "
it absolutely is this non whites will save us from white genocide rhetoric is garbage into the trash discarded voting wo nt accomplish anything the system is designed to prevent that as i said general strikes self defense squads mass marches etc we need less than < number > of whites
sung to the tune of the communist globalist hippy anthem imagine you may say that i am a beaner but i am not the only juan i hope someday you will join us and the world will be as juan
who gives a fuck what the liberals do oh is this some retarded we have to be better than the liberals thing fuck that we have to win moral victories are for losers
“ the thrust of obama ’s speech condemned america as an unimaginative , prejudiced , unambitious country whose only hope lies in liberals who selflessly dedicate their lives to leading it out of the darkness . ”
damn i hate having to yell at my child but she 's sooo bad
hey when you are feeling sad about yourself and your body and your self worth listening to yusuf islam cat stevens is a trip
wtf am i watching bgc i hat watching these ugly ass ghetto hoes put there family name to shame
whites in all their glory against impossibly large hordes of non - whites .
all men should follow @keyonmorris 's lead .
please move !
i 'll help you pack !
black americans , and there are some great ones everywhere !
but we all know who the 
 bad ones are , like in all ethnic groups .
african americans are   13 - 15 % of americas population , and commit 70 % of the crimes in america .
and that 's a fact jack .... look it 
 up ! ! !
i look @ the mug shots every day in orlando of everyone arrested the following evening .... average 70 % black , 20 % hispanic ... 10 % white ... everyday , day in & day out 
 and that is a fact 24/7 365
if you know me i am that basic white bitch in october who loves spooky szn halloween hard cider flannels and pumpkin patches this is my happy szn mind ya business
you honestly do not know how retarded this makes you sound do you dear
< user > < user > < user > you keep living in that little bubble and keep pretending that reality is what you say it is the only immigrants i know that are totalitarians or fascist are hooligans neo nazis white supremacy believers and all those ideologies involved white supremacy
during the obama administration , lol .
in case you missed it : http://www.politifact.com/personalities/barack-obama/statements/byruling/false/
@dbongino @dochartdc this is cold and possibly sick but i believe these bastards that come to america to kill should be tried and if found guilty hung by the neck at the border for others to see .
i hate when people get mad at little / stupid stuff .
shits annoying
i know the game i should teach it , cause these nigga hate for mfn reason & # 129335;&#127997;‍ ♀ ️ !
marianne is actually really good at discussing of reparations and i 'm ... shook
go neck yourself dirty nigger here in europe nazism is growing we will get all you non whites and kill you all
@lilagracerose @ealfaroq lmfao fuck ... no that 's a christian fundementalist
< user > < user > < user > jews assisted the nazis slaves assisted slave masters mexicans assist the white people treating them like animals
bampumim teixeira an immigrant from west africa
i fucking hate you i hope i m clean from this mess as soon as possible or else i m gon na drag you down with me
thanks for coming to my ted talk p.s .
calling me ching chong with not make me laugh
what sense does it make to have hispanics securing the border .
were do you think their loyalties are .
with native americans .
so let 's support motivated wn s with a good record in becoming border patrol agents .
< user > my highschool us history teacher carlo mariano wrote in the shadow of truth america other heritage where he chronicles america history of violence which turned out to be primarily white domestic terrorism against blacks poc i have a rare copy it needs to be reissued
this is so disgusting .
that whole commission of " entertainers " & old boy / girl network with one or two exceptions needs to go !
costing   us shame & money .
embarrassing that mufi , the money $ train initiator pokes his head up again .
please choose some new blood with no history here
this woman needs to be put in a mental institution !
@aoc   honey , can you get some help !
you are off the charts psychotic !
🌀 🤪 🌀 # liberalismisamentaldisease url
you 're right .
they should never be so angry at their condition that they take it out on others .
jealousy would never be the norm for a person who is without everything .
there 's a heart in there somewhere .
maybe .
about seven weeks ago , as i thought i lay dying in a speeding red truck with siren sounding , i experienced fully the presence of complete love , in me , around me , and in every drop of light .
everything , everything was so deeply precious .
i saw gerald manley hopkins ' shook foil .
i did not see any lights , but i knew with my whole being that love is what we came from , and love is where we are going .
no fear .
it was all fine with me .
i hope someday you will experience something close to that peace .
< user > yes chuckster legal immigrants made america not the gimmes of today
breaking maimane : . #
zille will be charged with bringing the da into disrepute .
she will remain premier during this process .
@enca
i find this very funny and very sad at the same time .
conservatives heaping praise on a ex communist , ex kgb agent .
i thought conservatives thought our current president was a communist and that was a bad thing .
yet they think putin is good .
i know , he 's a ex communist .
but you do n't get to be a colonel in the kgb by faking it for 16 years .
that 's like me deciding after so long to be a conservative .
not going to happen .
oh .
and while i 'm a liberal , i am by no means a communist .
huge difference for the uninformed .
but what i think is truly funny , is that a liberal has to tell conservatives to beware of a ex communist .
i read somewhere that president reagan would be turning over in his grave seeing how conservatives are embracing putin .
and conservatives think president obama is a terrorist , but guess who has very close ties to iran ?
that would be the russian government ( putin ) .
so please conservatives , make up your minds .
communist are good or are bad ?
as a liberal , i vote for bad .
" there 's a woman who comes by on the weekends and screams tamales !
and all our hispanic employees go running for the back door . "
< user > my family considered going to toronto in november for a week long vacation but as white christians do not feel safe in doing so we might get arrested for our own safety
" to suggest it 's black food is simply racist . "
well i think that 's what the fuss is about .
as they had previously invited latino students over and served them tacos , they were trying to match the food with skin color .
collard greens and corn bread is what they picked for the black students .
at least they did n't pick fried chicken and watermelons .
anyway , what they did is n't racist , just misguided .
likely all of the student groups would have been more comfortable without themed food .
maybe young black males should get jobs .
bonus - maybe the illegal mexicans would return home .
sweetest episode ever & # 128525 ; love it and will not forget it easily & # 128523 ; @isyafiqkyle @mawarashid # suamikupalingsweet
she hates you and everything you stand for .
if she had her way , she 'd turn the usa into an islamic caliphate .
url
do n't you mean " jesus ' rules as i interpret them " ?
why are you right - wingers being so mean to sophie and justin ?
what is it about their style of governance that you people find so threatening and scary ?
the personal attacks launched at the inquiry shows that those folks are on to something - white males are indeed finally being cornered because they see their privilege threatened .
mel ( zhe ; hir ; hir )
< user > vk looks interesting i might actually install it however at first glance it does not appear to solve the digital ghetto problem all the information in one place diaspora is shit but it at least tries to solve the digital ghetto but fails note gab does not solve it either
its about time .ever since the brownout several summers ago when ontario was in darkness while   across the river , lights were blazing it has seemed like a very good idea .
this author will always disapprove of any system not sufficiently polluting ..
great science at berkeley , some of the best in the world .
unfortunately , the problem is what to do with all those affirmative action entrants , many of whom are dumber than a bag of hammers .
liberal arts programmes like women / black / indian / mexican / you - name - it studies along with social sciences are dirt cheap to run , and easy to teach .
the politically correct mandate , lets a bunch of mouth breathing morons in , takes their federal money for programs costing about as much as a pizza to run , then produces a bunch of indoctrinated idiots with worthless degrees .
no wonder they 're mad .
keep in mind who the top cheese in the uc system is , one of the biggest idiots of them all .
http://www.ucop.edu/president/
i do n't want to hear discussion about illegal immigration i want fuking action !
and quit spending my tax dollars on these illegal vermin when we have millions of our own hurting badly .
when your knee hurt so damn bad you ca n't fucking move
< user > you are cute 😘 💋
@amandafuriasse @atomiccabaret so seeing women on here , and seeing poc and woc and esp black and indigenous women celebrate milestones or support missing goals or failing forward , that all helps break through systems and reframe who academics are , who belongs in stem
it 's friday , so i was going to order a pizza .
delivery time : 133 - 133 minutes .
uh .
you are a dumb spic that can not spell spaniard
are you white ?
was macht der moslem wenn der zion gegen seinen propheten hetzt was machst du wenn die roten ratten gegen deinen toten opa hetzen
after the past couple of weeks , i think ual needs to hire a pr firm like hpd did .
or , they could treat passengers like valued customers without whom they would not have record profits .
that would work too .
what do you do when you see a mexican driving a ferrari ?
call the cops .
so kl realized what everyone knows , no other team in the league will pay him as much as the raps .
i 'm a raptors fan and no matter what will cheer the team .
but kl does not have my vote for next all stars game .
< user > < user > compare their flag to nazis
black americans , and there are some great ones everywhere !
but we all know who the 
 bad ones are , like in all ethnic groups .
african americans are   13 - 15 % of americas population , and commit 70 % of the crimes in america .
and that 's a fact jack .... look it 
 up ! ! !
i look @ the mug shots every day in orlando of everyone arrested the following evening .... average 70 % black , 20 % hispanic ... 10 % white ... everyday , day in & day out 
 and that is a fact 24/7 365
i remember the occasion where this photo was taken .
obama was explaining why it was his policy that only one woman at a time may sit in his majestic presence .
i have to imagine that whoever came up with that kendall jenner pepsi ad thought the end of mad men was really optimistic and inspiring
idc what anyone says , the song title is brown skin girl and i 'm a brown skin girl .
if you think it 's only for " dark skin girls " that 's fine , that 's for you .
how i see it tho ... if she wanted that or meant that she would 've named it " dark skin girl "
who has n't driven 1 mile over the speed limit ?
but what is your point ?
that selectively enforcing the immigration laws by making people like the combat war veteran above jump through all kinds of prolonged bureaucratic hoops and expense to get his wife here is necessary while he has to live next to a house full of illegals who get free social services ?
all because we need selective law enforcement favoring one ethnic group over others or too many people will go to jail ? ? ? ?
.... the first thing that strikes me about illegal alien advocates is their lack of logic .
it makes about as much sense as the zoning laws in mexico .
you got ta be bold as shit to be on social media when you have not texted me back bitch i hate you 💀
imagine being the parents of that degenerate
i had to be petty lmao ugly girl was going hard in the paint for her white trash sister in christ
three women attack her gave her a black eye just one husband does not report injury in defending his wife i would send cops over to their place to make sure they are not using black panther mania to cover for domestic violence incident
i mean , i was operating under the assumption you knew nothing about your background .
my mom is half japanese and i 'm closest to her japanese mother , so even if my dad were n't japanese , i still would have roots with japan .
so i get where you 're coming from .
just do what feels right to you .
it 's not like you 're suddenly claiming to be native american or something .
how come in every spanish class there that one white person who thinks they know everything
so you will buy goods made by fascist one party states like china or terrorist places like iran over the usa ?
that s pretty pathetic , the usa is among the most free place for all races and woman pal , iran and china not so much right !
more browner = more worser 

 except when it comes to the kikes 

 they 're worstest
your entire premise is false 
 hack does not equal fraud
after a breakup niggas go fw the hoe they talked the most shit about 😂
stinks getting our women killed in battle now because of the anti white cultural marxist scum in our white christian government trying to replace us and kill us using people of color
ooh !
i know this one !
we all just tryna get laid so that the next dude you squirt out ya sack has to figure it out .
my goodness ma did n't take long for you to slip back into hate mode .... try to stay on topic !
maybe patrick brown needs to a - receive a lesson in economics and b- come into the 21st century with things like women 's rights , abortion , sexual orientation etc
we could update the refugee law if a refugee kills someone then < number > people from that refugee country are deported each time it happens we double the number deported to that country
< user > they all look uncomfortable
a hyper nationalist angrez with british passport is more indian than so called intellectuals indian passport holders freedom fighters who fights for civil and political rights ---- swayamsevak 's mentality ( 1920s-2019 )
+ itchy robot and you 're a faggot
knowing historical facts is now an example of white supremacy
i have < number > the third is to mute dumb beaners who are this dull
mexicans on the moon what do you call a mexican on the moon ?
a problem 
 what do you call half the mexican population on the moon ?
a bigger problem 
 what do you call all of the mexicans on the moon ?
problem solved
christians want to resurrect a phoenix from the dead ashes of the bible , but they end up with a sow 's ear , not a silk purse .
how is that for mixed metaphors ?
rt @ijustbesinginn : i just wanna leave this bitch for a weekend
excuse me if i 'm underwhelmed with any assurances coming from sean o'malley .
after all these years of inaction and prevarication , o'malley has no credibility on the issue of child safety and sexual abuse by priests and bishops .
please advise first where " a good priest " was " excommunicated " ?
if referring to flannery - he was not excommunicated , so steven shea 's statement , although receiving many " likes " is wrong in it 's premise .
if you wanna look at any # of stats , many would indicate that your leafs are a middle of the pack team .
goal differential , pdo , pts / game played , record in regulation , to name 4 .
that 's not to say they are much good , middle of the pack teams would need many things to go their way to sneak into the playoffs .
1 of their failings , as has been noted , mostly be me , as a poster who actually delves into some research and analysis rather than merely reacting to any 1 of 82 games played , has been in extra time .
they are now 2 - 2 in the 3 - on-3 sideshow , and fully 0 - 5 in the abomination , the so .
reverse their so record , or even it out somewhat , as it 's mostly a coin flip which team wins , and your leafs are potentially in a playoff position .
so if you 're of a mind that 's influenced by critical thinking , you might expect things to maybe even out over time .
but remember , there 's a good chance so records determine which teams make the playoffs .
hardly the right way to go .
yeah fuck them sand people let me just go get a abortion and kill off a infant
this is the closest we 'll get to normies admitting to being blackpilled .
bunch of fucking anchor babies
being a spokesperson seems to be a job with a lot of drinking attached to it . " "
his former employment was not a factor in any way , " campion said said out of his second face . "
former alaska house press secretary , he was not former when it happened .
good deport ms13 and those associated with them .
that should cover about a million .
make everify manditory and change loopholes in asylum laws and the illegals will all be gone in less than a year .
